
















doggie daycare, grooming and obedience training







































































doggie daycare, grooming and obedience training



the doggie den
14 blake street
northborough, ma  
508-393-6970




















lotsa dogs lotsa fun





the big dogs wait at the door








































































wednesday, october 23, 2013








danger: don't  feed your dog anything made in china!!






jerky treat mystery: nearly 600 pets dead; still no source, fda says


 courtesy the mawaka family

 toby, a 6-year-old boston terrier, died in 2012 after his owners say he
 was sickened by chicken jerky pet treats made in china.  



nearly
 600 pets have died and more than 3,600 have been sickened in an 
ongoing, mysterious outbreak of illnesses tied to jerky treats made in 
china, federal animal health officials said tuesday.
most of the 
cases have been in dogs of all breeds, ages and sizes — although 10 cats
 have been sickened, too — after eating chicken, duck and sweet potato 
jerky treats. the pace of the reported illnesses appears to have slowed,
 but federal food and drug administration officials are now seeking 
extra help from veterinarians and pet owners in solving the ongoing 
puzzle.
“to date, testing for contaminants in jerky treats has not
 revealed a cause for the illnesses,” martine hartogensis, a deputy 
director for the fda’s center for veterinary medicine, said in the new 
report. “despite these warnings, we have continued to receive reports of
 illnesses in both cats and dogs.”
the new numbers are up from some 500 deaths and 3,200 illnesses tallied in january, but the rate of reports has fallen sharply since then, mostly because two of the largest sellers of pet jerky treats announced recalls tied to the presence of unapproved antibiotic residue detected in the products.
fast facts on the jerky treat investigation
fda
 officials don’t think that antibiotic residue is the big problem that 
has stumped the agency since 2007, when pet owners started reporting 
their animals were suffering gastrointestinal and kidney problems after 
eating the popular jerky treats.



video: a
 new safety alert has been issued for pet owners to avoid popular pet 
jerky treats that could sicken or even kill your animals. today’s jeff 
rossen reports.


instead, it’s likely that the recall 
of nestle purina petcare co.’s waggin train and canyon creek ranch 
treats, plus del monte corp.’s milo’s kitchen chicken jerky and chicken 
grillers home-style dog treats simply resulted in fewer treats being 
available. three other smaller retailers also recalled the treats 
because of the problem.
in fact, fda officials remain as 
uncertain as ever about the source of the problem that has led to 
reports of illnesses and warnings about the possibility of fanconi 
syndrome and other kidney problems in animals that ate jerky treats.  
“we
 still are extensively testing treats for a number of things,” 
hartogensis told nbc news. “we do seem to be getting some leads, but we 
still have a little bit of a ways to go.”
kendal harr, a 
veterinary clinical pathologist who has been tracking the problem, says 
that the specific compound responsible for the illnesses continues to 
elude experts.
"i think that what it tells us is that the 
intoxicant is something that we're not used to dealing with as a toxin 
in north america," she said.
now, in an open letter to us 
veterinarians, fda officials are asking the vets to track and send 
detailed information about any animals sickened by jerky treats, 
including results of blood and urine tests. in addition, the agency is 
asking vets to send urine samples from suspect pets for analysis. 
“this
 testing will allow fda to get a better idea of how many of the 
suspected cases involve fanconi syndrome, whether or not the pets 
display symptoms of kidney or urinary disease,” the report said. 
about
 60 percent of reports cite gastrointestinal illness in the animals, and
 about 30 percent flag kidney or urinary troubles, the report said. 
about 135 cases of fanconi syndrome, a specific kind of kidney disease, 
have been reported. 
at the same time that they’re seeking help from vets, fda officials are putting out a fact sheet for owners that can be posted at veterinary hospitals, pet supply stores and other sites.
the agency has repeatedly cautioned
 that the treats are not necessary for a balanced diet, but the warnings
 stop short of a recall, hartogensis said. the agency is still 
validating tests to detect the same kind of antibiotic residue that new 
york officials found earlier this year. 
“if we do find an 
adulterated product, we will recall them,” hartogensis said. “in terms 
of doing a blanket recall, at this point we don’t have enough evidence 
to do a blanket recall within the authority that we have.”
because there's no formal recall, it's not possible to list affected brands, although a previous fda analysis indicated that three of the top-selling brands of jerky treats sold in the u.s. were mentioned in connection with pet illnesses.
that
 doesn't sit well with pet owners like robin pierre of pine bush, n.y., 
who contends that waggin' train chicken jerky treats were responsible 
for the sudden death in 2011 of her previously healthy 2-year-old pug, 
bella, who developed kidney failure. she has long called for fda to 
crack down on treat makers — and manufacturers.
"i am disgusted 
that our government continues to protect corporate american and china," 
she told nbc news. "they need to start protecting the american consumer 
so that this does not happen again. as soon as a product is in doubt, a 
warning label should be placed at the point of sale so that consumers 
can make an educated choice."
if a pet does become ill after 
eating the treats, fda is asking owners to provide detailed information —
 up to and including results of a necropsy to test an animal’s tissues 
after death. 
in the meantime, officials are trying to reach pet 
owners who might still have treats on hand to make sure they know about 
the potential problems. 
“right now, the focus for us is to make the public aware that these cases are still coming in,” she said.
pet owners can report problems with jerky treats at the fda's consumer safety portal. 
jonel aleccia is a senior health reporter with nbc news. reach her on twitter at @jonel_aleccia or send her an email.


health news 
jerky                  
check out these dog links!  the doggie den homepage







posted by



unknown




at

9:08 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, september 19, 2013








the basics of dog daycare from the aspca






daycare for dogs : an article from the aspca















 dog
 daycare providers can help you meet your dog’s needs for attention, 
activity and supervision. they provide a great antidote for bored, 
lonely or high-energy dogs with busy guardians who work away from home 
all day and don’t want to leave their dogs alone. daycare isn’t for 
everybody—or every dog—but if yours enjoys playing and socializing with 
other dogs and the cost is appropriate for your budget, it can be a 
great option for your home-alone pal.
daycare for dogs works 
similarly to daycare for children. you drop off your dog in the morning,
 and she gets to play, socialize, snack and nap while you’re off 
working. then you pick her up at the end of the workday. instead of your
 dog greeting you workday with loads of pent-up energy, she’ll be 
pleasantly tired and ready to relax with you all evening.
most 
daycares offer half-day or full-day options and everything from daily 
and weekly to occasional care. dog daycare is offered at facilities that
 are specifically designed as daycares as well as at traditional 
boarding kennels. most are open 12 hours a day (from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 
p.m. ), monday through friday. some businesses also offer training, 
grooming services, dog pickup and delivery, and even transport to 
veterinary appointments.
benefits
you
 could think of most dogs today as “unemployed.” dogs have been 
traditionally bred for jobs—typically in hunting, livestock herding, 
protection or guarding. but their main job today is couch potato! 
unfortunately, boredom and excess energy are two common reasons for 
behavior problems in pet dogs.
the main benefits daycares can provide are:

relief from boredom
relief from loneliness and the anxiety that loneliness can cause in dogs (including separation anxiety)
socialization with people
much-needed exercise and socialization with other dogs
prevention of destructive behavior in the house when unsupervised
relief from guilt for pet parents who feel badly about leaving their dogs home alone all day

is daycare right for your dog?
good
 candidates for daycare are healthy, spayed or neutered and 
well-socialized dogs who really enjoy other dogs and seek interaction 
with them at every opportunity. young dogs often adjust to the daycare 
environment better than older ones. if your dog is a regular at dog 
parks, and she plays a lot and enjoys herself there, then daycares are 
probably ideal for her.
however, some dogs do better sleeping at 
home alone than spending the day in the company of other dogs. if your 
dog has ever bitten another dog; is regularly aggressive toward other 
dogs (snarling, growling or snapping); is fearful, tense or anxious; or 
tends to avoid or just tolerate other dogs, then daycare is probably not
 right for her. hiring a dog walker, asking friends or neighbors to 
visit your dog in the middle of the day, coming home at lunch, or taking
 your dog to a boarding kennel may be better options for you.
other unsuitable candidates for daycare include:

unvaccinated puppies
females in heat and unneutered males
undersocialized dogs who haven’t had sufficient pleasant experiences with a wide variety of other dogs
bullies who tend to pick on other dogs
“dog dorks” who lack good social skills and whose intensity and energy often seem to annoy or scare other dogs
“fun
 police” dogs (often herding breeds) who run around trying to control 
the movements of other dogs and interfere with their playing

if
 you decide your dog is a good candidate and has been evaluated and 
accepted into a daycare, it’s a good idea for you to stay and observe 
for a bit the first day and on occasion after that. also, after the 
first couple of visits, pay attention to whether your dog seems happy 
and pleasantly tired afterward or stressed and overwhelmed. another good
 way to decide whether she’s enjoying daycare is to observe her closely 
the next time you drop her off. does she show any signs of stress or 
avoidance as you approach the daycare? is she reluctant to enter? or 
does she approach and enter the building looking happy and relaxed or 
excited?
please see canine body language
 for illustrations of dogs that will help you to accurately interpret 
your dog’s body language and understand what she’s feeling. this 
interpretation is not as intuitive as some people think—we often forget 
that dogs are a different species than us! they can express the same 
feelings we do, but in very different ways.
what to look for
staff
knowledgeable
 personnel are crucial to a safe, professional and enjoyable daycare 
business. ask whether your daycare’s employees have received 
professional training from seminars or videos by experts with academic 
credentials in the field of animal behavior, such as those with a 
doctoral or master’s degree in animal behavior, certified applied animal
 behaviorists (caabs) or, at minimum, certified professional dog 
trainers (cpdts). your daycare’s employees must understand basic canine 
communication, including body postures and signals. if employees are 
unable to accurately interpret dogs’ body language and social 
communication, then they won’t know what’s going on among the dogs. lack
 of such awareness is risky and could be downright dangerous. it could 
lead to chronic stress for dogs who are scared or overwhelmed but forced
 to continue to interact with other dogs because the staff don’t 
recognize their discomfort. and it could lead to serious fights breaking
 out because employees don’t see tensions rising among the dogs and, 
therefore, don’t intervene to calm things down. having daycare employees
 who don’t understand dog communication would be like trying to run a 
business with staff who speak a different language than your customers!
you
 also want to look for employees who are well trained in dog handling 
and behavior management and who closely monitor dog activity at all 
times. ask about the daycare’s relationships with local certified 
professional dog trainers. did the daycare consult with a reputable 
professional trainer or behaviorist to develop their playgroup 
guidelines or staff training programs? ask for details about the 
facility’s dog handling and training methods to confirm that you’re 
comfortable with them. you might ask several “what if” questions like: 
what would you do if my dog barks too much? what would you do if another
 dog keeps bothering my dog? what would you do if my dog growls at 
another dog?
a rule-of-thumb for adequate staffing is to have, at minimum, one employee per 10 to15 dogs.
unfortunately,
 however, there are no national standards for daycares. the american 
boarding kennel association offers online, self-study educational 
materials. they “certify” pet care technicians (cpct) and kennel 
operators (cko), but this doesn’t guarantee that certified individuals 
understand dog handling and behavior management.
the facility

the
 daycare should be compliant with occupation safety & health 
administration (osha) guidelines and regulations, and it should have 
emergency training and plans. (osha is the government agency that 
oversees safety & health legislation in the workplace.)
the 
daycare’s play area should ideally provide 75 to 100 square feet per 
dog. for example, if there are 25 dogs, the play area should be about 
2500 square feet.
the daycare should be clean, sanitary and 
organized. it’s advisable to visit it more than once. the first time, 
you may come at a good or bad time. it should be cleaned daily—or twice 
daily if the facility also offers boarding. there shouldn’t be any 
lingering odors, and dog waste should be removed immediately. it should 
be free of debris and clutter. ventilation is a critical disease 
prevention measure.

enriched environment
the
 dogs should have plenty of toys (if toys are allowed), as well as 
equipment to play with or on or under. they should be given access to 
safe, comfortable napping spots. staff should interact regularly with 
the dogs and walk them outdoors routinely to maintain house training.
health policies

ask
 about the daycare’s vaccination policies. policies and veterinary 
recommendations are changing across the country, and the facility may 
have its own. ensure that the daycare will abide by your veterinarian’s 
vaccination protocol. most veterinarians recommend puppies have at least
 two rounds of their vaccination series before going into daycare. most 
veterinarians also recommend that dogs who go to kennels, daycares or 
dog parks get vaccinated for bordetella, the most common cause of 
tracheobronchitis (kennel cough) in dogs, at least one week in advance. 
(some veterinarians recommend yearly bordetella vaccinations; others 
recommend biannual vaccinations. consult with your veterinarian to find 
out what’s right for your dog.)
ask about the daycare’s flea-prevention plan. canine clients should be required to be reasonably flea-free.
ask
 if employees are trained in animal first aid and cpr (cardiopulmonary 
resuscitation). also ask what the daycare’s protocol is in the event of 
emergency illness or injury. does someone on staff know how to 
administer first aid? will your dog be taken to a veterinarian or 
emergency hospital if necessary?

safety policies

toys
 and objects in the play yard   toys and other objects a dog may value 
can be problematic for resource guarders (dogs who are aggressively 
possessive of things). if the daycare’s intake evaluation screens for 
resource guarding and doesn’t accept dogs who are possessive of things 
they value, having toys and objects around during play is probably fine.
floors
 and fencing   the floors should have wall-to-wall, washable rubber 
mats. the dogs should not have direct access to doors that lead to 
unfenced outdoor areas. all fencing should be in good repair and high 
enough to keep dogs safely contained. fencing barriers should be used 
when adding new dogs to the main play room to prevent new additions from
 being mobbed when they first enter.
collars   some facilities 
remove all collars (flat, choke, prong, martingale, etc.), while others 
just remove choke chains and prong collars. this is done to eliminate 
the danger of dogs accidentally choking each other or getting a paw or 
jaw stuck in a collar. both have been known to happen.
behavior 
assessments   many daycares conduct an initial behavior assessment to 
determine how a dog behaves around other dogs and people. an assessment 
may give staff a rough idea of a dog’s behavioral tendencies—but it’s 
important to acknowledge that a single, on-the-spot behavior test can’t 
definitively determine a dog’s temperament or personality. an assessment
 should not be used to label your dog or to identify her personality 
traits. traits are characteristics and behaviors that are consistent 
over time and in various contexts, so a short one-time test can’t 
accurately identify them.
comprehensive intake interview with 
dog guardians   a thorough interview with you is more important than 
your dog’s on –site assessment, since it covers your dog’s behavioral 
history. known behaviors that have occurred over time in a dog’s history
 provide more solid information about her temperament than an artificial
 one-time test can. the facility operator should thoroughly question you
 about your dog’s behavior in various situations, including aggressive 
and fearful behavior. paperwork should elicit solid information as 
well—not just ask cutesy questions about your dog’s favorite color of 
blanket. whether she likes pink or blue is not so important if she’s 
been in three serious fights at the dog park!
breed bans   some 
facilities ban certain breeds, while others evaluate dogs based on their
 individual merits. the latter is preferable.
dog 
introductions   introductions should be done slowly, one at a time, 
starting with the most congenial dog. ideally, your dog should first be 
introduced to one older, socially experienced, gentle female. several 
more one-on-one introductions with other dogs should follow. then more 
dogs can be added to the group until there’s a small group of about 7 to
 10 dogs milling around. finally, your dog can be taken into the main 
play room with all the daycare dogs.
reproductive status   many 
daycares require that all dog clients be spayed or neutered. if that’s 
not the case at your daycare, verify that employees understand that 
intact males are more likely to behave aggressively toward each other, 
and even well-behaved intact males may provoke aggression from other 
males simply because of their hormones. (other males can detect an 
intact male dog’s high level of testosterone, which may excite or upset 
them.)

playgroup guidelines
the
 structure of your dog’s playgroup is important to her enjoyment and her
 safety. the safest number of dogs per group is 6 to 10, and it’s 
important to have dogs of similar size in any group. when there is a 50%
 or greater difference in size between dogs, the risk of “predatory 
drift” is higher. (predatory drift refers to a situation in which a 
larger dog suddenly perceives a much smaller dog as prey.)
in 
addition to being structured according to the number and size of dogs, 
the most successful playgroups are also organized by play styles. this 
takes some time and skilled observation. for example, german shepherds 
can be vocal and do a lot of flank-grabbing and hip checking. their 
style could be stressful for a shy lab mix who prefers to lie on the 
ground and chew on her playmate, or to a spritely weimaraner who’s 
bouncy but doesn’t enjoy much bodily contact. similarly, some bully 
breeds, such as american pit bull terriers and american staffordshire 
terriers, and many labradors and boxers naturally do a lot of body 
slamming and wrestling during play, whereas herding breeds, such as 
border collies, australian shepherds and australian cattle dogs, do a 
lot of chasing and nipping. it’s best to keep these styles separate and 
allow dogs who share similar play tendencies to play with one another. 
some facilities do color coding of their dogs according to personality, 
history, size and play style. this kind of organization can be very 
helpful and indicates a high degree of thoughtfulness and thoroughness 
on the part of the daycare.
how long your daycare allows play 
sessions to run will depend on the dogs involved, but all dogs in 
daycare need naps and quiet times between play sessions. find out how 
often dogs get time on their own to rest and where dogs are kept when 
separated for play breaks.
watch some play groups at the daycare 
that you’re considering for your dog. look for appropriate play, such as
 reciprocity and role changes in wrestling, chasing, mounting, etc. for 
example, sometimes a dog is chasing, and at other times she’s being 
chased. sometimes a dog is on top while wrestling, and sometimes she’s 
on the bottom. chances of play becoming tense and tipping over into 
aggression are higher when the play becomes consistently one-sided, with
 only one dog always pursuing or on top. other signs of good play are 
relaxed, curvy-looking bodies, bouncy movements, play bows (when a dog 
puts her elbows on the ground and her hind end in the air), rest breaks 
(often around water stations), brief pauses during play and game changes
 (first wrestling, then chasing, then playing tug with a toy, etc.), and
 open-mouthed jaw wrestling.
signs during play that trouble might 
be ahead are constant barking, bullying and ganging up, body slamming by
 just one dog (not reciprocal), stiff bodies and deliberate movements, a
 dog who tries to disengage and wants to rest but her play partner 
doesn’t let her, clashing play styles, avoidance, increasing speed and 
intensity, and any signs of stress or fear. signs of fear include a 
tucked tail, yawning, ears down or back, rapid panting, crouching or 
cowering, and piloerection (raised hackles). signs that require 
immediate intervention by staff include stalking, hard, long stares, and
 repeated scuffles that last more than five seconds.
what to avoid

overcrowding  
 a good rule of thumb for the optimal size of a dog daycare facility is 
100 square feet per large dog, and 50 to 60 square feet per small or 
medium dog. it’s well documented in psychological research that 
overcrowding leads to aggression in most animal species, including human
 beings.
limited access   avoid any daycare that prohibits dog 
guardians from visiting their dog at any time, with or without advance 
notice. also avoid daycares that do not allow you to tour the entire 
facility and observe playgroups before signing your dog up.
unwillingness
 to meet your dog’s needs   a conscientious daycare will accept and 
honor your request that your dog receive a special diet or medication 
that you provide.
poor customer service   loving dogs is not enough. staff should also be courteous and friendly to human clients!
dogs
 left unattended   dogs should never be left unattended. if a second 
person is not available at all times for back-up, the daycare should 
have arrangements for another employee to arrive quickly if an emergency
 requires the regular attendant to leave.






 check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:10 am



3 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, july 12, 2013








aspca: don't shave your long-haired dog!






three reasons you shouldn’t shave your pet





thursday, july 11, 2013 - 12:00pm









 facebook
 twitter
 pinterest

google+

 email
 print




















 it’s
 hot out there! and if your golden retriever or long-haired kitty seems 
to suffer when the mercury rises, you might feel some temptation to 
break out your grooming tools and give your pets a full shave-down. we 
get where you’re coming from.
but wait! put down those clippers! according to experts, you’ll be doing your pet a disservice. here’s why:

while
 you or i would hate to sport a fur coat in 100-degree weather, your 
pets’ fur coats are actually providing them with heat relief.

“a
 dog’s coat is kind of like insulation for your house,” explains dr. 
louise murray, senior vice president of aspca bergh memorial hospital. 
“insulation stops your home from getting too cold in winter, but it also
 keeps it from overheating in summer—and your dog’s coat does the same 
thing.”
dogs’ coats have several layers, and these layers are 
essential to your dog’s comfort in the heat. robbing your dog of this 
natural cooling system can lead to discomfort and overheating. and 
keeping your dog cool isn’t the only reason to leave his coat intact, 
dr. murray warns.

your dog’s coat prevents your pup from getting sunburn and helps protect her from skin cancer.

to
 protect your pet from sunburn and skin cancer, save longer walks for 
evenings, and consider applying pet-specific sun block to thinly covered
 areas like the bridge of your dog’s nose, the tips of his ears and his 
belly, dr. murray suggests, noting that pets with thin coats, as well as
 those with white or light-colored coats, are especially at risk for sun
 damage.

there are better ways to manage your pets’ coats to keep them cool: trimming and brushing.

“it’s
 ok to trim your long-haired dog’s long hair, such as any hair that 
hangs down on his legs,” dr. murray says. just never attempt to clip 
mats off your pet’s coat with scissors, dr. murray adds. and if you’ve 
got a long-haired kitty, leave her coat intact. instead, brush her a 
little more frequently during the hot summer months.
of course, 
pet parents should remember to keep pets inside with plenty of water 
during hot days—hydration is key! for more important information on 
summer pet care, visit our hot-weather tips. stay cool out there!






check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

10:11 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, july 06, 2013








repost: robin bennet on off-leash play - she's the guru!






pet owners: learn to keep your dog safe!


 

                    by dog guru robin on july 3, 2013                       
 no comments 





dogs that have appropriate outlets for their energy
 are usually happier, healthier, better socialized, and better mannered 
dogs.  dog parks have become a popular way for owners to exercise their 
pets.  however, for some dogs, dog parks are not all fun and games.  
here are some of the dog gurus’ tips for owners who want to make sure 
their dogs don’t get hurt, seriously injured, or even killed in an 
off-leash dog park where there are usually no knowledgable or trained 
pet professionals supervising the play.
is it right for your dog?   the average age of the dog that 
enjoys a good romp with a group of other dogs is 6 months to 3 years of 
age.  puppies from 3-6 months can definitely benefit, but they can also 
be more easily traumatized if not put in the right group.  if your dog 
chooses to avoid other dogs, then an off-leash play setting may not be 
the best outlet for your dog.  dogs that enjoy off-leash dog play 
usually actively seek out the attention of other dogs.  remember, it’s 
not about the dog, it’s about the environment.  if your dog doesn’t 
enjoy off-leash dog play, that doesn’t make him a bad dog. it merely 
means he’s a dog that would rather participate in some other activity.
what is socialization?  many
 people take their dog to off-leash play sessions so they can socialize 
their dog.  this is a great idea, but remember that socialization is not
 just about exposure to any and all things in the world.  socialization 
means positive interactions are created to help a dog grow, play,
 and learn. it should not be a random encounter with just any dog or 
person available.  a bad experience, especially for a puppy under 5 
months of age, can have lifelong implications.
controlling your dog.  off-leash dog play should not be a free
 for all.  dogs do best if they have been taught some basic skills.  you
 should be able to get your dog’s attention and call him to you even if 
he’s off leash playing with another dog.  this will give you a good 
measure of control when he begins to get too rowdy.
dog play…the good, the bad, and the ugly.  not all dogs play 
nicely.  some dogs play well, but only with certain playmates. just as 
with children, you must choose your dog’s playmates wisely.  educate 
yourself to learn the difference between play styles and make the best 
match for your dog.  remember to separate dogs by size and by play 
style.  small dogs should never be placed with very large dogs—even if 
they play well together.  small dogs can create a predatory behavior in 
some larger dogs, which can become deadly very quickly.
play styles vary.  some dogs love to chase one another; others
 love to wrestle and play bite; others like to play gently using their 
paws like kittens; still others like to body-slam one another.  put your
 dog with dogs that have similar play styles.  if your dog is gentle, 
she will not enjoy playing with a dog who body-slams her.  both play 
styles are appropriate, they just aren’t appropriate together.
too much arousal can lead to aggression.  dogs
 need rest periods and breaks even when they are playing.  teach your 
dog to come to you periodically and don’t allow the dogs to become 
overly rowdy in their play.  it looks like fun, but can seep into 
aggression very quickly.   if the dogs don’t slow themselves down 
occasionally during play, you need to do it for them by calling them to 
you and giving them a short 30-second break.  don’t allow play to go 
uninterrupted for more than 2-3 minutes at a time.
introducing dogs to each other.  always introduce your dog one
 on one and go at the dog’s pace.  allow the sniffing to occur since it 
is a necessarily part of the greeting ritual.  don’t force a dog to 
greet another dog if either dog is showing avoidance.  when you show up 
at a playgroup, have the other dogs move away from the gate before you 
enter. if owners aren’t there to move their dogs away, just wait until 
the dogs get bored and go away on their own.  then bring your dog in 
when things are more settled.  watch for any signs of stiffness or 
nervousness.
supervision is the key, but you have to know what you are looking for.  happy
 dogs have loose, curved bodies. they play with exaggerated, repetitive,
 lateral movements.  their bodies remain fluid and loose during play.  
they play taking turns (one dog pins another, then they switch roles). 
they also take periodic breaks.  nervous or tense dogs are still and 
rigid.  they play with precise movements that are quick and tight.  they
 don’t take turns (one dog always seems to pin the other and keep him 
pinned too long).  look for common signs of stress to see if any dog is 
becoming overwhelmed.
recognizing stress signals.  here
 are some common stress signals in dogs.  if your dog starts to show 
combinations of these at one time, he’s probably becoming overwhelmed.  lip licking is an easy-to-recognize signal that occurs when a dog flicks his tongue in and out of his mouth.  yawning is not usually a sign of contentment as much as it is a sign of nervousness.  half-moon eye is when you see the whites of the dog’s eye around the outer edge of the eye.  if your dog is repeatedly clawing and/or jumping
 on you in a panic-stricken sort of way, he’s asking for help.  don’t 
make him “just deal with things.”  you need to assess the environment to
 see why the dog is so frightened.
be your dog’s advocate.  don’t be afraid to remove your dog 
from a group if the play seems inappropriate.  ask questions and ensure 
those supervising the dogs have experience.  not all play is good for 
all dogs and it’s up to you to make sure your dog is having a good time 
and learning good behaviors.

committed to keeping your own dog safe? take the pet owner’s off-leash play safety pledge. it’s free!  help spread the word on how to keep dogs safe!


check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

8:03 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, june 02, 2013








how to break up a dog fight






how to break up a dog fight




dr. sophia yin, dvm, ms



posted may 02, 2013 in ﻿dog behavior







dr. sophia yin gives some sage advice on breaking up a tussle between dogs. for more from dr. yin, find her on facebook or at drsophiayin.com!

if you have a dog and he goes to the dog park, lives with doggie 
housemates, or otherwise socializes with other dogs, chances are that at
 some point you may need to break up a spat. these may range from 
low-level altercations with no real contact to a no-bites-spared brawl. 
so what should you do? first, realize that regardless of the amount of 
noise, most fights between unfamiliar dogs at the dog park or first 
fights between housemates are spit and drool matches. when bites are 
involved during these fights, dogs generally bite and release. so in the
 majority of cases we do not need to worry about prying the jaws open or
 getting dogs to actually release.

instead, our major concern is just getting the dogs apart and to do 
so without getting bitten. the number one way to avoid being bitten is 
to avoid trying to grab the head or neck area. frequently while trying 
to grab the front end or getting in the between the dogs, the humans 
accidentally get bitten. or in the heat of the moment a dog actually 
turns and redirects aggression to the person pulling them away.
the
 safest method to get the dogs apart is to grab them by the rear end and
 quickly pull them away.  in other cases, because of your positioning in
 relation to the dog or because they are moving around too quickly, you 
may need to shove one away by placing your foot on their rib cage and 
pushing. this is safer than bending over and trying to push with your 
hands. it may also allow you to use your hands to grasp the other dog if
 you don’t have someone else to help.

other methods for separating dogs include spraying them with water, 
placing a board or object between them, or banging a noisy object near 
them. these techniques are all meant to distract them. other 
surprisingly benign distractions may work too, says melissa morris, a 
dog trainer who recounts the case of her mom’s dog.  “her shepherd, 
ruby, attacked a visiting yellow lab.  ruby grabbed the lab's neck and 
wouldn't let go.  my mom was yelling at ruby.  my brother-in-law was 
there and punched ruby in the head, trying to get her to let go.  all 
that did is hurt his hand! my mom was holding a newspaper and lightly 
hit ruby on the head with it (newspaper was not rolled up).  that 
distracted ruby and she let go.”

in another situation melissa recalls, “when my neighbor's pit bull 
attacked the chow that was walking by their house and wouldn't let go, 
they tried yelling, kicking the dog, turning the hose on him, none of 
that worked.  but when they opened the car door and said, ‘let's go bye 
bye, he let go and jumped in the car.’these two situations 
highlight that creativity may win over force. also consider using a 
spray deterrent such as citronella (direct stop or spray shield) or 
pepper spray. they can work in some cases too. just remember—in all 
cases avoid actions that will cause the dog to redirect it’s aggression 
to you or even unintentionally lead to a bite.
what to do once the dogs are apartonce
 you have the dogs apart you should pay attention—does your dog want to 
keep fighting or does he immediately calm down or try to get away? the 
one who wants to continue fighting will require more work to modify the 
behavior in the future. in either case, you’ll want to understand why a 
fight occurred instead of just assuming it was a fluke or hoping the 
same type of situation won’t occur again. a majority of the dog 
aggression behavior cases involving bites that i treat have a history of
 getting into low level spats which over time developed into more 
dangerous fights. many fights can be prevented simply by noticing when 
one dog is tense around another and calling the two dogs apart before 
there’s trouble and then rewarding your dog for good behavior. 

to learn how to recognize signs that your dog is anxious and may be 
ready to get to a fight reach chapter 1 in this free online book: low stress handling and behavior modification of dogs and cats. to learn how to teach a really good "come when called," read this blog and watch this video.




check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

10:02 am



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, may 30, 2013








cesar millan on nuisance barking






this is a repost from cesar millan. 

three keys to stop the barking







by cesar millan


it is completely natural for dogs to bark,
 and it’s one of their most important forms of communication after 
energy and body language. dogs will bark as a warning, to protect their pack and territory. they will also bark to express excitement.


those forms of barking are rarely a nuisance and don’t last long. 
that is why nuisance barking almost always has the same cause and the 
same solution. when a dog barks excessively, it’s telling you that it is
 bored and is looking for stimulation or a challenge.


inevitably, excessive barking indicates there is a problem with the 
human, and not the dog; there is something not balanced in the pack, so 
the dog’s needs are not being met. the barking is the only way the dog 
has to tell you something is wrong.


a barking dog needs exercise, discipline, and then affection, in that
 order. exercise and discipline will provide the physical and 
psychological stimulation that your dog craves. affection — but only 
when your dog is in a calm, submissive state — will reinforce the 
behavior that you want without rewarding the behavior that you don’t.


i’m sure you’ve seen it countless times — somebody with a small, 
excited dog that won’t stop barking, who then picks up the dog to try to
 stop it. unfortunately, this is exactly the wrong approach. the 
attention and affection from being picked up tells the dog, “i like what you’re doing right now.” 


this is unintended positive reinforcement,
 and it only takes a few times to train a dog that its barking is 
something you want. but it doesn’t only happen in the above scenario. 
how many of you come home to be greeted by your dog’s excited jumping 
and spinning and barking? and how many of you immediately give affection
 in return for what you interpret as happiness?


this is one of the most difficult things for dog lovers to grasp. 
when a dog returns to its pack, they are not greeted with excited 
barking and jumping. sometimes, there will be sniffs and tail wags, but 
most of the time it’s no big deal when a dog comes back to the pack. 
unfortunately, we humans tend to make a big deal out of coming and going
 from home, and this puts your dog in the wrong state of mind.


if you greet your dog in an excited manner, then she will come to 
expect your return to be a time of excitement. this means that, while 
she’s waiting for you to come back, she will anticipate that excitement,
 and become frustrated and bored. now, if you also make a big deal 
before you go, you’ve left your dog in an excited state as well. this is
 the perfect formula to create an excessive barking problem.


the solution is more simple than people think. it begins with providing your dog plenty of exercise via the walk, along with discipline
 by giving him jobs to do and commands to learn. but, most importantly, 
it requires that you do not reward unwanted behavior, particularly 
excitement, with affection.


don’t worry. your dog won’t think you’re mean if you aren’t petting 
her or giving out treats 24/7. your dog wants to earn your affection. 
allowing her to do that, and to see your happiness is, to your dog, the 
biggest reward of all.
read more: http://www.cesarsway.com/dogbehavior/dogbarking/three-keys-to-stop-the-barking?utm_source=cmi_fb&utm_medium=post&utm_campaign=5.29.13#ixzz2umhho0pa
check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

8:19 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, may 29, 2013








how do i know if dog play is healthy?






this is a repost.  the doggie den thanks the author, casey lomonaco!

 it's playtime! 6 signs of healthy play in dogs

how can you tell when that display of teeth means fun, not business? here are a few training tips.


casey lomonaco
      | 
     jan 16th 2013
      | 
      34 contributions









 
                  last week, i shared some of the training tips i give to clients who are seeking appropriate playmates for their canine besties. this week, i'll talk about how to recognize signs of healthy play in dogs.

first-time pet owners are often in for a small shock the first time 
they see their dog actually play in the classroom. "omg! he is growling,
 and that dog just bit his neck! that other dog over there is humping 
another dog! wait, my dog just bit the other dog in the neck, too! this 
is too aggressive. i'm uncomfortable."










dog play can look like fighting to the first-time owner. best friends play by shutterstock

let me get one thing straight: dogs don't "do" legos, video games, or
 barbies. they jump, chase, bite, growl, bark, and wrestle. many of the 
things that happen in play may look like aggression, and it is true that
 play can escalate into aggression rather quickly if left unchecked.

so how can you tell when that display of shiny teeth means fun 
instead of business? here are a few signs of healthy play to look for.

1. reciprocity and role reversal
"i scratch your back, you scratch mine" is the mantra. i like to see 
frequent role reversal in play with friendly dogs -- i chase you, you 
chase me. i tackle you, you tackle me. i bite your neck, you bite my 
neck.

if i consistently see one dog tackling another and the other dog is 
not offered the opportunity to tackle back, it is often more bullying 
than play, and the owner of the dog who is tapping out on the ground 
needs to step in.










tag is a great game, as long as the dogs take turns being chased. dogs play in water by shutterstock

when it comes to chasers, you have some dogs that only like chasing 
and do not like being chased. this can be a problem for the playmate, 
who says, "hey, i want to chase, too!" if the chase-ee is always trying 
to get away from the chaser, you should definitely intervene.

2. take frequent breathers
i also like to see frequent, self-imposed breaks. "breathers" are 
just that -- seconds-long pauses where each dog gathers her wits before 
re-engaging in play. breathers don't have to last very long, and then 
the dogs will reinitiate with one another.

if dogs do not give these frequent self-imposed breaks to one 
another, it is a good idea to step in and make them do so before 
releasing them back to play; just ask for a few simple behaviors and 
then release your dog to join the fun. i find that humans often have to 
do this when two friendly dogs first meet, but that the dogs quickly 
learn to regulate themselves after minimal intervention.

3. happy dogs have jell-o bones
"jell-o-y" is my uber-scientific technical term for the body language
 of happy dogs. when dogs enter the dog park with stiff tails and stiff 
bodies, they are asking for trouble. if one dog looks like he has a 
vibrating coat hanger stretched straight up through his tail, the "play"
 interaction will likely not be very enjoyable for anyone.

there is a looseness in the body language of happily engaged dogs: 
tails are swishy, tongues are lolling, bodies are wiggly, eyes are 
sparkling.  much as play is a topic worthy of its own book, so is canine
 body language.  my friend carol byrnes, owner of diamonds in the ruff training center in spokane, has two great cd-roms on canine body language, what is my dog saying? and what is my dog saying at the dog park?
  the latter is a must-review if you want to learn more about the 
mechanisms of dog body language as it relates to canine social 
interactions.










loose canine body language means the play is fun, not serious. dog friends play ball by shutterstock


4. make sure your dog gets plenty of exercise
every time i see a dog enter the dog park on a tight leash, eyes 
bulging, panting and out of control like he hasn't had adequate exercise
 in ages, i cringe. if your dog comes in like a freight train, it's not 
exactly safe for the other dogs who may be near the tracks!

5. go with the flow
dogs who are playing well are essentially going with the flow. you 
will want to see nearly constant, nearly fluid movement. watch for 
changes or disruption in the flow -- maybe a higher- or lower-pitched 
vocalization than during the previous play.










is this game about to turn serious?

similarly, there is a difference between a "breather" (where dogs 
typically have very soft eyes and open mouths, tongues lolling out) and a
 visual lock-on, where the dogs stop playing and one or both will get 
stiff and stare. this is a signal for you to step in and quickly diffuse
 tension by creating space for the dogs. if the "chase-ee" has 
previously been running with a happy, loose tail, but you see it go 
between her legs and tucked firmly against her belly, step in and help 
her before things go wrong.

6. smart owners make happy dogs
by far the best sign that play will go appropriately is when you 
carefully select your dog's playmates, teach yourself about play and 
body language, and know your dog well. some dogs, as they get tired, 
become cranky and have less patience in play. others take progressively 
more and longer breaks until they are sleeping.










happy dogs are those who are well-matched playmates. schnauzers with frisbee by shutterstock

know your dog, know the dogs your dog is interacting with, and have a
 plan in place. what are potential conflict triggers for your dog? do 
you have an intervention strategy planned, and if so, at what stage will
 you implement it?

for more tips on how to ensure you and your dog get the most enjoyment possible from your playdates, check out my article "dog park etiquette: do's and don'ts from a trainer." 

how does your dog play healthily at the park? at home? let us know in the discussion below!



posted in 
     ask a trainer, training, behavior, dogster tips, good advice


check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:22 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, may 26, 2013








the best way to brush your dog's teeth





this is a repost from dr. jon's newsletter:
http://www/petplace.com

oral hygiene is essential to your dog's overall health.  oral disease
 is very common in pets. in fact, the american veterinary dental society
 reports that by the age of three, oral disease is present in up to 80 
percent of dogs.  you can significantly reduce your dog's risk of 
getting oral disease by establishing a healthy oral-care routine early 
in your pet's life.according to the american veterinary medical 
association (avma), a dog's teeth should be 
brushed daily; however, because many dogs initially resist daily 
brushing, most people don't do it that often (if at all). but experts 
say some form of regular brushing is better than no dental care at all. 
brushing at least every other day is enough to prevent the buildup of 
tartar on your dog's teeth.taking care of your dog's teeth 
doesn't just prevent bad breath. poor oral hygiene can start a domino 
effect of health problems for your dog.  built up bacteria becomes 
plaque, 
which eventually becomes tarter.  periodontal disease is a direct result
 of bacteria that lives in tartar.  it can lead to a variety of problems
 including tooth loss, pain, gum disease and bad breath.  it can also 
contribute to liver, heart and kidney disease.protecting your 
pet from the pain and health risks that come from poor dental hygiene is
 very simple, and it saves you the time and expense of additional vet 
visits.  the best way to do this is to brush your 
dog's teeth regularly.  i understand this isn't always easy and it may 
take your dog some time to get used to this routine.  to make it easier i
 recommend introducing the toothpaste and toothbrush slowly and 
rewarding your dog for any progress he makes.when brushing your 
dog's teeth, it's very important not to use human toothpaste.  it can 
make your dog sick and even poison him.  you want to be sure to use a 
pet-friendly toothpaste and a toothbrush that's sized 
to fit your dog's mouth.if you're ready to get your dog into this healthy habit, check out pet product advisor's kissable toothpaste & toothbrush combo.
 i've seen how much time and stress these products can save.  the 
vanilla-flavored toothpaste is delicious enough that dogs actually enjoy
 the 
taste.  the three-sided toothbrush
 is just the right shape for a dog's mouth because it targets the outer,
 top and inner parts of the teeth at the same time.  that means you can 
brush your dog's 
entire mouth in less than a minute.

this powerful combo works together to remove food and bacteria from all 
angles of your dog's teeth, so you can rest assured his mouth will stay 
clean, healthy and fresh. check it out: 
www.petproductadvisor.com/doggietoothbrush

check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

10:09 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, april 22, 2013








how smart is your dog?





this is a repost from dr. jon:

dogs are very smart animals.  in fact, some scientists estimate that the
 average dog is as smart as a 3-year-old child.  that means he is smart 
enough to understand more than 150 words, smart enough to count to five -
 and smart enough to outsmart the humans! (no doubt you've already 
learned that lesson.)yes, dogs are very smart - and some breeds are thought to be smarter than others.psychologist
 stanley coren, a leading canine researcher 
and author from the university of british columbia, studied which breeds
 are the smartest. he analyzed data from 208 dog obedience judges in the
 usa and canada to see where each breed fell on average.  check out the 
results below to see if your dog made that list:1. border collies2. poodles3. german shepherds4. golden retrievers5. dobermans6. shetland sheepdogs7. labrador retrievers(of
 course, we can't forget that these are just 
averages - every individual dog is different. we've met some really 
intelligent “dumb” breeds, and some very silly “smart” ones!)


check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:27 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, march 24, 2013








dr. jon on leaving your dog alone (repost)







do you feel bad when you have to leave your dog home alone?  many 
people do.  it's only natural. but life goes on and sometimes we don't 
have choice.it's a busy world.  and like most of us, you've got 
places to go, things to do and people to see.  whether you're off to 
work, school or shopping, or out for a nice dinner and a movie, chances 
are you spend a lot of time away from home.  and sadly much of the time,
 your dog cannot come 
along.dogs have very little to occupy their time while you're 
gone, especially if they're the only pet in he household. (we're their 
entertainment.)   some dogs seem content to nap away their day while 
you're away.  other dogs have a much harder time coping with the 
situation when they're home all alone.  these dogs can suffer from 
boredom, stress or separation anxiety.so how do you know if your dog is unhappy about being left alone? some
 dogs make it quite obvious by leaving a trail of destruction behind.  
you could return home to find your furniture or personal belongings 
chewed up, the garbage ransacked, paper or pillows chewed to shreds, or 
you may find that your dog has vomited, urinated or defecated in the 
house.  some dogs eat everything in sight when you're away, and others 
become almost anorexic.  some dogs groom themselves incessantly to calm 
their nerves.  others vocalize their 
dissatisfaction by howling, whining and barking while you're away.  (and
 if you have neighbors nearby, you're sure to hear about it!)if 
your dog is bored, anxious, depressed or destructive while you're away, 
"environmental enrichment" can help.  when you give your dog plenty of 
fun things to do and see, his unhappy time alone can be transformed into
 a very satisfying day.  here are some suggestions:• hire a dog walker• invest in doggy day 
care • leave plenty of fun toys for your dog (like puzzle toys that you fill with treats)• tire him out with some active play before you go• try something that will really hold his interest, like the dog sitter dvd.


if you haven't seen the dog sitter dvd
 yet, you really must check it out.  it is amazing!  this dvd was made 
especially for dogs, to entertain them for hours on end while you're 
away.  it features lots 
of animals (birds, cats, squirrels, raccoons and more) outdoors in their
 natural environment.  your dog will think he's outside with his new 
friends joining in the fun. dogs just love this dvd. 
 it really holds their interest and the stereo soundtrack even has some 
sounds that only your dog can hear.  and once you find out which tracks 
are your dog's 
favorites, you can even personalize his viewing adventure using the 
continuous loop scene selection feature.when your dog is stuck inside all alone, the dog sitter dvd can
 bring the outside world in.  lots of people swear by it, and i can 
certainly see why.  my staff and i tried it on our own dogs and they 
were glued to the tv set!until next time,dr. jon
check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:28 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, february 04, 2013







dr. jon on leaving your dog alone





below are dr. jon's suggestions for alleviating separation anxiety.  he publishes on petplace.com. https://bay002.mail.live.com/default.aspx?id=64855#n=880813660&fid=1&mid=d0b00541-6ecb-11e2-a191-00215ad80204&fv=1 

but at the doggie den we have an even better idea: enroll your dog in doggy daycare!  the doggie den

i've heard of lots of creative ways to ease your pets' stress, like 
leaving the tv or radio on for "company" when they are home alone. 
unfortunately, that could actually be doing more harm than good. studies
 have suggested that tv and radio can actually create stress for our pets because of the drastic changes in programming and the random mix of musical styles.

think about it - how scared would you be if you suddenly heard gunshots, sirens, or dogs barking? the tv and radio certainly create "noise," but they don't necessarily create a relaxed environment.dog
 owners sometime ask me, “does music soothe pets the same way it can 
relax people?" the answer is "yes" - but it depends on the music.studies
 have been done to examine the relationship between music and stress, 
and some of the results might 
surprise you. all music is not the same…and neither is the effect on 
animals. classical harp music is used around the world to help alleviate
 stress in dogs, cats, chimpanzees and other animals. even animal 
shelters are installing sound systems and using music to create a more 
serene environment. in particular, studies show that dogs and cats 
seem to show lower levels of stress when exposed to classical music. 
cats will relax in front of the speakers when classical music is 
playing, and many dogs will actually bark less - especially when 
listening to the music of bach.that's why i want to tell you about the music my pet cd. this remarkable "classic cuts" cd was developed for the specific purpose of calming our pets. it uses the sounds that have been proven to calm dogs, cats and 
other household pets. music my pet
 was created by the same folks that brought you disney's award-winning 
baby einstein series for kids, so this is music for pets at its very 
best.
check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

8:25 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, january 25, 2013







brrrr - it's cold outside and your dog feels it too!





here's what dr. jon has to say about keeping your dog safe and happy in the dead of winter:

the reality is that, for most of my us readers winter is here and it is not leaving anytime soon. 

so what can you do if you are stuck indoors with your dog?well, 
believe it or not this can be a great opportunity to have fun with your 
dog and pamper them at the same time. today i'd like to share some of my
 favorite suggestions to make this cold, dreary season into one that you
 both look forward to. take a look:

help your dog relax with a soft, warm new bed. shopping for a
 bed? here are some tips on what to look for in a bed before you shop. 
this is interesting because there are really important features that i 
hadn't thought of. go to how to choose a good dog bed.
soak up the sun by opening the shades or curtains and giving your dog a nice place to nap. 
don't keep them outside too long. it is extremely cold in many areas of the country.
 frigid temperatures pose a real risk to dogs, especially when frostbite
 becomes a possibility or if they get wet. keep them dry and limit 
outside time during temperature extremes. be especially careful on windy
 days as wind chill can greatly increase the risk of injury. for more 
information go to: how does the wind chill affect pets. you'll be surprised about what you'll learn in this article. 
keep things active. dogs want and need exercise all year 
round. physical activity is good for the muscles, allows your dog to 
expel excess energy, keeps him mentally stimulated and helps prevent 
boredom.  when he does come in, dry his paws with a soft cloth. this 
will keep your home clean and get rid of snow, ice and salt that may 
otherwise get tracked in.  
have fun! just because it is winter doesn't mean you can't still play games. here are some very cute ideas. go to: beyond snowballs - winter games to play with your dog.  
be safe, not lazy. when it is cold, many pet owners are 
tempted to let their dogs "out" on their own. bundle up and take him out
 on a leash as usual. allowing your dog to go out unsupervised is a 
common way for dogs to end up lost or injured. it is really common for 
dogs to be let out and get hit by a car when it is cold (and their 
owners don't want to take them out). 
make sure your home is safe.
 keep objects your pet may chew and ingest out of their reach. keep 
toxins (such as anti-freeze) safely put away. prevent exposure to all 
human medications.   

lastly, take time to spend with your dog. brush him, comb him, curl up with a book or watch a movie with him. remember, you are your dog's best friend.   until next time,

dr. jon


check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:13 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, january 23, 2013








dr. jon on your dog's dry winter skin







ever had a bad hair day? how about a bad hair season? believe
 it or not, some dogs experience discomfort and frustration every winter
 because of their fur and skin. the cold, dry air of winter can give 
your dog flaky, rough, painful skin. this in turn can lead to everything
 from a dull coat to scratching and even hot spots or skin lesions. your dog doesn't have to summer just because of the weather. stop winter in its tracks by taking some time to 
prepare your dog for the season. today i'd like to share some tips that can help alleviate these symptoms. first
 things first, remember that a major factor in irritated skin is dry 
winter air. as soon as temperatures start dropping, a humidifier can 
help prevent symptoms. (as a bonus, this can also help protect the 
humans in the household from similar problems. but what about 
times like now, when it's already in the middle of winter? is it too 
late to help? don't worry, 
your dog isn't doomed to suffer for the next several months. you can 
help him right now too! keep these things in mind if your dog has dry, 
itchy skin:rule out health problems: even though flaky 
skin and a dry coat are common during winter, they can also indicate a 
more serious health problem. if you notice these symptoms, the first 
step should be to have your vet rule out any medical issue.bundle up for walks:
 some dog owners dress up their dogs for fun, 
but during the winter months your pooch will actually benefit from 
wearing a coat during walks. this will not only keep him warm, it will 
also protect him from the effects of the dry frigid air. this is 
especially important during windy days when wind chill significantly 
increases the risk of frostbite.
groom regularly: how frequently do you brush your dog? if your
 answer is “not often,” it's a good idea to start grooming your dog 
more. brushing your dog's fur stimulates the production of the very oils
 that keep your dog's skin moisturized. it also evenly distributes those
 oils throughout his coat, leaving it shiny and healthy. be careful 
though; more grooming does not mean more bathing! frequent baths wash 
away the same healthy oils that help your 
dog's skin stay healthy, so don't bathe your dog more than once a week 
unless recommended by your vet.
rethink their diet: one of the most common causes for dry skin
 is something most people don't consider: their dog's diet. poor 
nutrition can lead to a dull coat and dry skin. you might think your dog
 is eating right, but poor skin is one very big sign that their diet 
needs an update. make sure that your dog is getting a diet rich in 
proteins, fatty acids, and other nutritional needs. consider switching 
to an all-natural dog food that will provide your dog with all that 
they need to be healthy.
 reprinted from dr. jon's dog crazy newsletter
check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

8:53 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, november 29, 2012








here come the holidays!











hanukkah
and christmas

so
it's the holidays. christmas cookies, potato latkes, fruit cakes, punch bowls,
chocolate santas and hanukkah gelt: whatever your tradition, it surely involves
rich treats. so this is also the time of the year to remind ourselves that
holiday treats are dangerous for dogs.



this is true almost without exception. chocolate is downright toxic and can kill your
dog, if she consumes a lot of it.  other
holiday specialties will make her ill in varying degrees.  alcohol is a disaster.  it's not funny to watch your dog lap up spiked
eggnog.  really, it isn't. it could make
her suffer, and could transform your holiday into a vigil at an animal
hospital.



similarly,
dogs can’t digest oily latkes, or shortening-rich fruitcake. mostly, what goes
in comes out, the latter inevitably in the middle of the night, after you’ve
stayed up partying and are
exhausted.
so make, and keep, a rule that the dog only gets treats that are meant for her.
festive holiday dog treats are available at pet stores everywhere. take
advantage, and make sure your family understands whose treats are whose!

                      

here
are 5 tips to help avoid an emergency vet visit and enjoy your hanukkah:

  

1.  sufganiyot – otherwise known as doughnuts,
they are filled with artificial sugars, jelly, fat, and empty calories. they’re
a delicious treat for us, but can cause vomiting, diarrhea, and decreased
appetites for

dogs.
be very careful to not let your canine buddy get any of these doughnuts and
make sure he can’t counter surf and lick up ingredients that are lying about. 



2.  latkes – they are savory and they taste
amazing, but they have onion in them. onions can cause anemia in dogs.  also, the oil, sour cream, and other
ingredients are bound to upset your dog’s stomach. 


3.  chocolate coins – this is a
traditional candy that children receive, and they’re wrapped in shiny gold and
silver foil. the foil, chocolate, and netting that they come in can be
dangerous to your dog’s entire gi tract. chocolate contains caffeine and
theobromine, which dogs cannot digest, and in extreme cases they can be fatal.
if your dog swallows the foil and net bag, induce vomiting immediately.  a teaspoonful of diluted hydrogen peroxide in
an eye dropper will do the trick.


4.  dreidels – they’re great toys for
kids and but you don’t want your dog in the game.   she’ll want to join in the fun and try to
pick the dreidel up in her mouth. if your dog swallows a dreidel, or any small
object, induce vomiting and call the vet. keep all game pieces out of your
dog’s reach.

 
5:
the menorah – this is an essential symbol for hanukkah, but the candles that
you light each night pose a danger if your dog likes to jump up, leap over
things, or generally race around the house. the menorah could fall over or singe
her nose or fur.  keep the menorah up
high and out of pup’s reach. make sure it’s on a stand or other stable surface
so if your dog comes
galloping into the room, she doesn’t shake it loose and start a fire.



and
here are some tips to make christmas fun for your family and the dog:

first,
be aware of holiday hazards, and supervise your dog when he's exposed to them.
for example tinsel, christmas lights, wires, glass ornaments, poinsettias,
mistletoe, and other holiday decorations can be deadly if chewed.  don't leave pup alone with any hazardous
materials, not even for a minute!  you
don’t want christmas to be interrupted by an emergency visit to a veterinary
hospital.

to help pup share in the fun, place dog-safe toys and ornaments on the bottom
branches of your tree, and let him play with them.   you can find them at any pet store.  attach them with string, not wire. and beware
of chewing on evergreen branches or pine needles.

of course, he’ll make every effort to convince you to share your christmas
pudding, don’t give in!  dogs' digestive
systems are quite different from ours. 
their intestines are much shorter, and they digest very quickly, a trait
left over from the wild where it was necessary to get protein into the system
quickly. they absolutely cannot process ingredients that we take for granted,
such as nuts, holiday spices, and hydrogenated fat.  so, if you don't want to get up at 4 am on a
cold winter’s night, limit your pup to treats that are intended for him. 

so,
what about dress up? by all means! hats, suits, collars, boots, it's all good.
just remember that dogs in costumes should be supervised at all times.  left alone, they may treat their adorable
dreidel coat or reindeer antlers as toys, which means “chew baby, chew!” and
dog accessories are definitely not safe for eating.



so
have a fun, happy holiday season - and help your pup to have one too!





holiday puppies: a big no-no!



by november,
your local puppy store is in high gear. they’re out to convince you that
puppies make the perfect holiday gift. what could be cuter than a new puppy on christmas
morning?  or a cuddly new family member
the first night you light the menorah?

actually, it would be hard to make a worse choice! reputable breeders
are loath to sell in december, because they know that by february the puppy is
likely to find himself abandoned in a dog shelter or, if he's lucky, returned
to the breeder. 

the holidays are
a busy, stressful time and people are exhausted.  it's a time when we struggle to meet our
regular commitments, along with preparing for the holidays.  it's certainly not a time to take on the work
of a new puppy.  

a couple weeks
into january, the kids will be back in school, mom and dad will be rushing off
to work every morning. the weather will make you want to hibernate.   just when everyone could use a break, that
adorable puppy will be soiling the carpets, chewing on furniture, stealing
food, throwing up in baskets of clean laundry, and  generally acting out of control.

if your family is ready for a dog, wait until february or march when things
have calmed down, and warmer weather is on the way.  cold weather makes house training difficult,
if not impossible; and the spirit of the season prevents you from making a
realistic decision about a new dog. in the spring your family will spend more
time outside, and feel a greater inclination to train the new family member.



check out these dog links!
the doggie den homepage





posted by



unknown




at

9:10 am



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















doggie daycare, grooming and obedience training


loading...




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(13)





        ▼ 
      



october

(1)

danger: don't  feed your dog anything made in china!!








        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(2)









        ► 
      



2012

(30)





        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(7)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2011

(23)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2010

(63)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(6)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(7)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(7)







        ► 
      



february

(7)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2009

(64)





        ► 
      



december

(6)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(7)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(6)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(10)







        ► 
      



february

(3)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2008

(21)





        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(8)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(3)









        ► 
      



2007

(9)





        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(2)









        ► 
      



2006

(17)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(6)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2005

(37)





        ► 
      



december

(3)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2004

(3)





        ► 
      



december

(3)









search this blog




















about me




unknown





view my complete profile



weather in northborough, ma.

weather forecast | weather maps | weather radar



come see us on manta!

the doggie den 











networked blog link

follow this blog








my blog list










doggies.com dog blog




so long, farewell



                      -
                    

after nearly 14 years and over 5,500 posts, the dog lady is hanging up her 
keyboard and heading into retirement. through countless dog shows, new 
friends m...


3 years ago












dog bite lawyer | dog bite attorney | dog bite attorneys | dog bite lawyers




hello world!



                      -
                    



welcome to wordpress. this is your first post. edit or delete it, then 
start writing!

the post hello world! appeared first on san diego dog bite attorney...


7 years ago












national lacy dog association




nlda #texasstrong hurricane harvey benefit tee



                      -
                    

  100% of net proceeds will directly benefit harvey victims, primarily 
animal rescue.this is a pre-sale item. you will be notified of ship date. 
available ...


7 years ago












how to take care of a dog




by: admin



                      -
                    

hi veronica. you’re right – it would be foolish to take your dog to the vet 
once a month! we’ve been doing some work behind the scenes on the site and 
some...


7 years ago












for the love of the dog




giving five precious puppies a chance – hope for paws rescue – video



                      -
                    



when momma dog went missing two weeks earlier a kindhearted neighbor woman 
did what she could to help the five orphaned stray puppies but the 
situation w...


8 years ago












dogtopia of alexandria, va blog




phase ii almost complete



                      -
                    

construction update phase ii is almost complete.  the great news is the the 
lounge will be open this week!!   also our new hd webcams will be cut over 
soon...


9 years ago












dog daycare and boarding by josie the golden retriever




hands free dog leash



                      -
                    

hands free dog leash


13 years ago












pet dog blogger









dog heart n soul: hide and seek



                      -
                    


it has been a while pt baby since appears on the blog cos' he has been 
indulgent into his recent past time: hide and seek.

these are moments filled with s...


13 years ago












dog day care business




dog day care business



                      -
                    

if you are considering opening your own dog day care business, you need to 
put yourself in the mind of your potential customers. they are going to 
have som...


15 years ago












denver dog






                      -
                    

















riverdodgprints.com/dogblog/






                      -
                    

















first dog watch






                      -
                    

















the dog bowl pet supply and barf raw food blog






                      -
                    

















i love dogs blog






                      -
                    























































the doggie den, inc.. watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























