






nova family campground















































nova family campground



book now!



the neighborhood
events
things to do



accommodations
cabins
trailers
florida igloos
tents & rvs


request


faq


contact


tv 















book now!/
the neighborhood/eventsthings to do
accommodations/cabinstrailersflorida igloostents & rvs
request/
faq/
contact/
tv /





















































welcome!
your home away from home!











book now!/
the neighborhood/eventsthings to do
accommodations/cabinstrailersflorida igloostents & rvs
request/
faq/
contact/
tv /

















































 

 we are nova family campground.

  

located just six miles from daytona beach, florida -- the world's most famous beach -- our port orange, florida property sits on 18 acres of lush, green, tree-lined bliss. nova campground offers guests a relaxing place to unplug and unwind, while still being close to buzzing nightlife and all the adventures central florida has to offer.  we pride ourselves on offering the perfect camping experience for anyone's needs. from the novice-camper (or glamper), to the experienced vets, the team at nova campground's got you covered. the world's finest sand and saltiest waves are calling your name!request a reservationclick below to view a map of our park:

 


    park map
  




    take a quick tour
  




    book now
  

 






site 600s








sites 157-160 looking east








pavilion








pull thrus








site 99 pull thru








cabins 13-15 looking south








sites 59-69, looking north








sites 45-46








area between pavilion & pool








road between 180s & 60s








road between 900s & 200s looking west








road between 50s & 30s looking south














 

  

about the location



park amenities



3 miles from daytona beach shores8 miles from daytona international speedway8 miles from ocean walk shopping centerjust a few minutes away from super wal-mart, super target, publix grocery stores, and moreshort walk to port orange city centerchili's, olive garden, red robin, red lobster, and many more just a quick minute away



wi-fiheated pool and tanning deckgame room with pool table & "lending library"reception hallcable tv (select sites)onsite general store (beer, ice, souvenirs, and more!)laundry facilitiesbbq grills & picnic tablesrv storagepropanefirewood (upon request)

 

our cabins





view fullsize










from rustic to modern, our cabins are perfect for a family vacation or romantic getaway.




    more info
  



our trailers





view fullsize










step into camping luxury each time you set foot in a nova campground trailer.




    more info
  



our igloos (tm)





view fullsize










the perfect way to camp in style and comfort. it's winter all year 'round in the sunshine state!




    more info
  

  

“we will continue to use nova family campground...and have never considered anywhere else! they treat us like family!”




    read more reviews
  

 

featured intripadvisoryelpgood samtents for troopsgoogle reviews

 





 


 






































nova family campground1190 herbert streetport orange, florida 32129tel: 386-767-0095  e-mail:  friends@novacamp.com




    book now!
  








































 



