







national shingles foundation








































































































        home
      

        about us
      

        latest news
      

faqs


        mission
      

        public health info
      

        contact us
      

        volunteer
      







back


            shingles, phn & chickenpox
          

            shingrix vaccine
          














































homeabout uslatest news
faqs

shingles, phn & chickenpox
shingrix vaccine

missionpublic health infocontact usvolunteer


















scroll


















cdc anoints shingrix vaccinenew standard for shingles preventionthe centers for disease control, cdc, accepted in full and promulgated on its website three recommendations from the cdc’s advisory committee on immunization practices, (acip). ·      shingrix "non-live" vaccine developed by gsk is recommended for the prevention of shingles, herpes zoster (hz), for immuno-competent adults aged 50 years and older. ·      shingrix "non-live" vaccine is recommended for the prevention of shingles for immuno-competent adults who previously received zostavax "live" vaccine developed by merck. ·      shingrix "non-live" vaccine is preferred over zostavax "live" vaccine for the prevention of shingles.(click here to go to the cdc.gov site to read the official text.)


















nytimes - no excuses, people: get the new shingles vaccinehttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/10/health/shingrix-shingles-vaccine.htmlfiercepharma - glaxosmithkline limits shingrix orders, delays tv commercials amid 'unprecedented' demandhttps://www.fiercepharma.com/high-demand-for-new-gsk-shingles-shot-causes-supply-constraintsfiercepharma - doctors worry shingrix side effects will put patients off their second dosehttps://www.fiercepharma.com/doctors-concerned-patients-might-not-return-for-second-shingrix-dose-due-to-side-effects-reportu.s. news - a new shingles vaccine: prepare for harsher side effectshttps://health.usnews.com/health-care/patient-advice/articles/2018-06-15/a-new-shingles-vaccine-prepare-for-harsher-side-effectsfiercepharma - glaxosmithkline boosted shingrix educational efforts after seeing administration, storage errors in launchhttps://www.fiercepharma.com/vaccines/early-its-shingrix-launch-glaxosmithkline-has-noticed-some-administration-and-storageaarp – the new “super vaccine” for shingleshttps://www.aarp.org/health/conditions-treatments/info-2017/fda-shingles-vaccine-fd.htmlnytimes - why you should get the shingles vaccinehttps://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/09/well/why-you-should-get-the-new-shingles-vaccine.htmlny post -  everyone over 50 should get this vaccinehttps://nypost.com/2017/11/13/everyone-over-50-should-get-this-vaccine/


















(1) what is shingrix?shingrix is an fda-approved vaccine for the prevention of shingles (herpes zoster) in adults 50 years and older. shingrix is not used to prevent chickenpox. shingles is an itchy and painful skin rash caused by reactivation of the varicella zoster virus [the same virus still in your body from childhood chickenpox]. gsk’s shingrix uses your body’s own immune cells to boost your immune system’s defenses against shingles. it is the only shingles vaccine proven to be up to 90% effective in clinical trials. [1](2) if i feel healthy am i really at risk for shingles?if you’re one of the more than 95% of adults over 50 years old who have had chickenpox, the virus that causes shingles is inside your body and can reactivate at any time. one in every three people in the us will get shingles in their lifetime. no matter how healthy you feel, your immune system declines as you age, and that puts you at an increased risk for shingles. [1](3) what protection against shingles does shingrix provide?dr. william schaffner, professor of preventive medicine at vanderbilt university school of medicine, says this vaccine has spectacular initial protection rates in every age group. the immune system of a 70 or 80 year-old responds to shingrix as if the person were only 25 or 30 years-old; thus protecting nearly as well in older groups as in the middle-aged. shingrix racked up a 97% effectiveness rate in adults over age 50 and, in a separate study of people over age 70, prevented 90% of shingles in those 70 to well past age 80. [2](click here to read more shingrix vaccine faqs)


















(1) what is shingles and how is it caused?shingles is an often-painful outbreak of rash or blisters on the skin. it is caused by a reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus, the same virus that causes chickenpox.(2) what causes the varicella-zoster virus to reactivate?scientists do not know exactly what triggers a reemergence of the varicella-zoster virus. however, scientists do know that it more commonly occurs in people over age 50, and in those who have a weakened immune system brought on by an illness such as cancer and certain medical treatments such as chemotherapy.(3) who can get shingles?anyone who has had chickenpox can get shingles, although it is most common in individuals over the age of 50. individuals who have conditions, or are undergoing medical treatments, that weaken their immune systems are also more likely to develop shingles. these include: hiv infection; chemotherapy or radiation therapy; corticosteroids; transplant operations and possibly stress. national shingles foundation estimates that nearly one million individuals develop shingles in the u.s. each year.(click here to read more shingles, phn & chickenpox faqs)








introduction



news



shingrix-faq-home



faq










how to benefit from public health informationask your doctor.you are reading our public health information site. your primary care providers (pcps) are the medical professionals who have the responsibility and expertise to give you personalized medical recommendations, referrals and treatments that are age, gender and health status appropriate for you and your family. your pcp can explain what information is relevant to help you decide whether to be vaccinated against shingles and other adult preventive and therapeutic vaccines. in particular, ask your pcp for advice on the breakthrough shingrix vaccine to prevent shingles, including its safety, effectiveness, two-dose regimen, side effects, and risks of remaining unvaccinated. ask your children’s pediatrician to help you decide whether they should be vaccinated against chickenpox and other children’s vaccines, both preventive and therapeutic.  













mission our research-driven mission is to help accelerate the search to prevent, treat, cure, and eradicate shingles, shingles pain (phn), and chickenpox, as well as other diseases and medical conditions susceptible to preventive or therapeutic vaccination in adults and children.preventive and therapeutic vaccination goalsevery adult should have a primary care doctor committed to 100% vaccination that is age, gender and health status appropriate. every child should have a pediatrician committed to 100% vaccination that is age, gender and health status appropriate.














