




age of wonders heaven

















age of wonders heaven









menu

news

current news
archives

forum
images
scenario design
strategy
units
mods
downloads

download central
single player maps
multi player maps
misc downloads
search downloads
ancient maps
submit files

community

interviews
tourneys
aowh staff
about heavengames

links

aow resources





news

aow1 released on impulse and gog
posted by enginerd on september 17, 2010
many of you have already seen it but we want to highlight this breaking story and keep it here. swolte reported out on the aow2 newspage the following:
wow, what is this…
it’s like being thrown back in time several years. developers posting on the forums, as well as enthusiasm about a new release!
exciting times! as was announced by arnout in the been awhile thread, age of wonders i, the digital rerelease, was coming ‘soon’. and did it!! today age of wonders, the original, is available again after all these years. please see this thread  for details.
age of wonders ii as well as shadow magic will be available soon in the same places at impulse and gog.com !
hurray!!



historic event: the first pbem video of a complete match!
posted by enginerd on october 30, 2009
written by swolte on aow2 and hg main site
i think that never in the history of this game, a match has been recorded with such detail as the match between enginerd and pawels for the 2009 1v1 tournament.
you need to take a look at the interview and the video posted at the tns show from october 29th  here!
enginerd has recorded each day of his match and edited into a youtube video for all to see!
you are urged to leave comments regarding the video in the actual gamethread  here. i think we are lucky that the match itself has been an exciting one as well. it shows some of the tough decisions you can be faced with when playing at a highly competitive level, and the numerous options the game provides to solve them.



security breach
posted by enginerd on july 19, 2009
angel zen, hg’s chief technology officer, has confirmed a security breach of our servers which left virus-infected files in our database. at this time, we are not prepared to release any details as to the origin of the breach or the specific threat level, however we strongly recommend that that all users, particularly those who have accessed the site since 16 july, run deep virus scans, as well as a current spyware scanner such as  spybot search & destroy  as there is a chance you may have been affected.



aow1 summer news and updates
posted by enginerd on july 11, 2009
it has been an amazing and eventful year thus far at aow1. we’ve seen several new forummers come join us and they are participating in several games. we welcome the newcomers. if you haven’t had a chance to meet them be sure to say hello.
have you ever wondered which race is the favorite out there…or which spell sphere… or which lvl 4 unit or level 1 tiles (who comes up with this stuff?!). recently i found myself voting against the border tiles but there are so many to choose from. several elimination games are nearing and end and a few new ones have started. you can vote once per day and support your favorite or eliminate the rest. you can go  here  for details.
come join us at aow1 forums, it’s a blast!



aow1 needs your help, all forum members needed to vote!
posted by enginerd on march 15, 2009
you’ve waited long enough… the maps were made a couple months ago… our expert panel has now made their comments… and they are very interesting reads! but we need your help, we need every forum member to go vote! that’s right, read through the comments, check out the map, play it a bit and vote! that’s right… just give it a score, we need your input here.. 7 maps were submitted in two different themes for the winter holiday mapmaking competition. some really good maps, check them out.
and… if you’re bored and want to see another exciting tournament just come down to this thread to watch 18 players go to battle in this doubles tournament. exciting times at aow1… what’s next? well… we’ll save that for another newspost!

















acknowledgements ... and disclaimers
copyright © 2000-2025 heavengames. all rights reserved.
        please read our disclaimer & privacy statements.






