


bara + design
























weblog for http://www.ohbara.com





wednesday, november 5



	 
	 {hey, i'm over here!}
	 
    


from the number of hits i still get on this blog, and the number of people linking to it, it's clear some of my older notices about having moved (more than a year ago!) to my new site haven't been as effective as i might have hoped!so, come on over and say hi!  and if you've linked to this blog, thank you--and please, when you have a moment, switch the link to http://www.ohbara.com/weblog .



posted by eireann at 4:36 am
2 comments






sunday, july 1



	 
	 if you're wondering...
	 
    


...you can find me over here now.



posted by eireann at 6:16 pm
1 comments






monday, may 14



	 
	 * * *
	 
    


a worktable in my room (but i can't wait until i have a whole room to work in!); skirts cut and serged, just waiting for zippers and finishing; plain wooden boxes with glass fronts; a sharp pair of scissors. new drawings, the extension of my "what-am-i-wearing, what-do-i-think" series.  beginnings of a real, new body of work.ideas for poems.  (i read at first ave. last friday night. local people will know the feeling of those black walls, the stars with names on them.) encouragement and excitement from my editors.  starting the poem-a-day correspondence back up on the 17th.  poetry every week this summer.planning for six markets this summer, and +/-.  and a change of direction for my shop, and my business.  more on this soon.and for me.  more on this soon, too.but a smaller change in direction, first--i'm moving over here.  (more integrated.  simpler.  reining things in a bit.)come say hello.  it's a little empty, but you know me--i''ll fill it up fast with pretty things.



posted by eireann at 8:40 pm
1 comments






wednesday, may 2



	 
	 little things
	 
    


are nice to come back to, like stores that stay open between noon and two p.m., and lots of trees and green spaces in the city, and efficient public transportation, and only one or two hours of time-zone difference between my best friends and me (instead of eight or nine).and reconnecting with friends here.and to jump right in (i did the craftstravaganza last saturday, and i'm reading at the 7th street entry on the 11th!).and i hear that a certain printmaker is updating his shop today (oh! and there's free shipping 'til friday!) with new cards (and he's got a show coming up, too, if you're in the twin cities).and now back to the sewing machine with me.



posted by eireann at 10:16 am
6 comments






sunday, april 29



	 
	 into and between
	 
    


i'm stateside.thinking about what i'll do over the next three months, and then after that.  thinking about where i want my work to go, what i want to continue.  what i want to leave behind.  about making and how my relationship to it changed this year.i was learning a new language, a new system of thought, a new culture, a new place.  and that took a lot of my creative energy.  i wrote.  i thought.  i took long walks.  i began a series of drawings that i am still making almost every day.  but i did very little in the way of my business.my movement now feels interior, inward.  i wrote in my journal before i left don't forget your own rhythms of writing/not writing (making).  make your choices for you.i feel lots of blank space.  reentry.  things burn up, get lost in the new atmosphere.see you soon.



posted by eireann at 9:57 pm
13 comments






friday, april 13



	 
	 about today
	 
    


i knew, of course, when i arrived, that today would eventually come.  and, back in october, when i had no apartment, no easy way to stay in contact with my family, no community, no sense of my place, no idea of how to connect to my students, and little to no command of the language, i was counting the days.  i marked them off on calendars i made myself.this was my last day of school here.  i can't believe it.  it's unreal that i won't come back here after the vacation; unreal that there is a good chance i will never see many of my students again.  it is my students who, along with a few other (very, very special) people, made life here beautiful. hearing pierre's maximum-volume hello i-raannn! as he sped past my classroom to german every week (no one here pronounces my name right, but that's okay).  petulant adrian who refused to say goodbye but wrote me a 'hello note' instead.  sweet and funny claire and léa.  and the two-hundred-some others, all of whom somehow became a part of me.  who came to say goodbye today and cheered for me and made me cry.i have their photos and i have their notes, and i have a tiny pair of garnet earrings from them. but i would rather have another year.



posted by eireann at 11:33 am
9 comments






thursday, april 5



	 
	 on beauty
	 
    


for the last few years, probably about as long as i have been making clothes; or a bit longer actually, i have thought about dressing myself.  what it means, what it can do for me, how i can use it as a means of communication, how it can be art.i love beautiful things: the feel and look of shibori.  the yellow silk petticoat i have.  wool.  that's one reason why i make clothes--to have really lovely things i couldn't afford if someone else made them.  to have the pleasure of making them, too.when i was in paris last week for a day, i saw a man wearing a scarf made of heavy silk chirimen printed with shibori; it was navy blue and black and the shibori pattern was (as is typical) white. it took my breath out of my mouth.  he wore it witha black wool coat and he carried his son in one arm.  his son wore red.  the colors, textures, patterns, the two people.  beautiful.  how material matters to me: i don't like to wear synthetic things because they don't feel beautiful. they don't merit the work.  beautiful objects, beautiful materials. my hands, my body want to know this, not just my eyes.i once broke up with someone in part because he didn't make anything.  he didn't understand the value of making, of materials.  he didn't need to touch things.  he didn't value made things for their innate beauty, the quality of having-been-made.a friend and i talk about making journals to record what we wear every day.  sometimes i follow the wardrobe_remix community at flickr. about a month ago i began drawing my clothes as i wore them (more or less--there are a few fantasies here).  and that moved into figuring out how to draw myself, too, what i look like.  how i express myself through my clothing.  how many nuances of communication  are part of my daily dress. getting used to my face (which i don't see much).drawing my clothes lets me be free with colors, try out things i would not have otherwise.  it's easy because i have nothing to lose; these are just doodles, croquis, nothing of importance.  i can be free with the lines, i can scribble, i can make mistakes.  i have found beauty where i didn't expect it.i want to live in a way that is the least harmful it can be.  i want to make beautiful things and live in spaces that are beautiful. i want the way i am in the world to be an extension of beauty to other people, too.(whenever i can i will go out in the world singing.)



posted by eireann at 8:29 am
27 comments











about me

name:  eireann 

view my complete profile

find bara

bara
design collective


only this moment begun

custom letterpress
arid lands
ghostschool


making blogs + sweet things: favorites

uniform studio
tipika
twelve22
6.5 st
red felt flower
shim + sons
wise..craft
una flor de papel
the worsted witch
lisa solomon
boiled art editions
small hands
yarnstorm
cake+pie
mulysa's plant-of-the-day blog
giant jeans parlor
le train fantome

just before

{hey, i'm over here!}
if you're wondering...
* * *
little things
into and between
about today
on beauty
in the meantime
breaking
better

+ in the long-distant past

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
july 2007
november 2008






www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from ohbara. make your own badge here.






 










 



