












gavin de becker and associates - providing safety and privacy for the world's most influential people and enterprises














































toggle navigation









how we protect our clients
our people
join our team
advisory & training services
public education 
contact us  
 

























                                        gavin de becker                                    



gavin de becker is widely regarded as the nation’s leading expert on the protection of public figures. his work in the prediction and prevention of violence has earned him three presidential appointments. he is the bestselling author of the gift of fear: survival signals that protect us from violence, now published in 18 languages.












                                        charlie gilbert                                    

                                        executive vice president                                    

charlie gilbert was recruited by gdba from the central intelligence agency, where he served in the top-10 leadership position of deputy director of the national clandestine service.












                                        james hamilton                                    

                                        strategic consultant                                    

one of the world’s true experts on protection, james hamilton was recruited from the fbi, where he developed the academy’s protection course, currently taught to protectors of the u.s. attorney general and director of the fbi, as well as protectors at nsa, and many other agencies.












                                        john muffler                                    

                                        senior advisor – mosaic threat assessment systems                                    

before john muffler joined gdba, he served as chief of domestic operations for the u.s. marshals service, and chief inspector of the national center for judicial security.  at the federal law enforcement training center, he taught protective operations, threat assessment, and protective intelligence.  john is a member of the department of state’s fulbright specialist program.












                                        bryan niederhelm                                    

                                        senior vice president, threat assessment & management                                    

bryan niederhelm has managed some of the nation's most sensitive threat assessments. prior to joining gdba, he served in a special u.s. marine battalion, protecting u.s. diplomats and top secret information, and providing security and logistical support for u.s. presidents.












                                        vincent o'neill                                    

                                        senior advisor                                    

during his career with the united states secret service (1983-2003), vincent protected two u.s. presidents and other heads of state, and rose to several leadership positions. he was then appointed to the senior-most security position at the international monetary fund, where he served until being recruited by gdba in 2023.












                                        fritzroy allen                                    

                                        vice president, security technology                                    

for more than 25 years, fritz allen has designed protective security strategies for at-risk individuals and led protection operations throughout the world. prior to joining gdba, fritz served in the united states marine corps.












                                        ellen prystajko                                    

                                        case management                                    

ellen prystajko is a behavioral scientist with a specialty in threat assessment. she has managed thousands of cases involving threats, unwanted pursuit, and workplace violence, and served on the development team for several mosaic threat assessment systems.












                                        michael lafever                                    

                                        chairman of the executive board                                    

michael lafever has advised our high-risk clients since 1979. he is the firm’s liaison with lapd, u.s. department of state, department of defense, secret service, and various international law enforcement agencies. michael was the only civilian attendee at the central intelligence agency’s first threat management conference.








some other experts on our team




previous





next


















 








 













we're on instagram







 follow on instagram






this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
there has been a problem with your instagram feed. 








                gdba is a national security service-provider whose clients include:
            












































                                                contact                                            



                                                join our team                                            



                                                resources                                            























privacy policy | privacy notice | cookie policy |
do not sell my data




                this website and all of its contents are copyrighted by gavin de becker & associates © 1997–2025. all rights reserved.
                
                any use, reproduction or duplication of the contents of this website without the express written permission of gavin de becker & associates is strictly prohibited.
            
california: ppo-17976; texas: b14230
gi bill® is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of veterans affairs (va).more information about education benefits offered by va is available at the official u.s. government web site at https://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill. 





 





















