







texas home plans | custom home design









































































































skip to content







 



 
login
















 



 


facebook
 



houzz
 



pinterest
 



envelope
 


















 
 









home
process
firm
plans
shop plans
portfolio
resources
contact






 







 











$0.00

0
 cart




 








 
call us now
























welcome to texas home plans 







 
learn more



















featured project 



 villa delectatio 







 
view gallery




















introduction

 



about us 



we are a custom home design firm located in the texas hill country (the heart of the texas wineries).our focus is helping you realize your dreams by fashioning an exceptional design that is unique to you; artistic, functional, structurally sound, and keeping budget in mind.from start to finish, we love to see our clients happy and enthusiastic about both the process and the design itself.we have helped hundreds of clients bring their dreams to life with a variety of styles in residential projects through the hill country and across the nation. we specialize in a variety of texas-style & southwest home designs, but our portfolio is limitless. our footprint encompasses an endless number of styles, including ranch, farm, german, texas mission, tuscan, country french, prairie, craftsman, and victorian.at texas home plans our design scope includes single family homes, lodges, duplexes, cabins, cantinas, barndominiums, carriage houses, gazebos, and outdoor living spaces. but our most important project is the one we do for you. 



 











 
 (830) 257-2311







looking for more information? contact us 

















what we do

 



our portfolio 







 






 



 



cabins 



							cabins or casitas typically are smaller, 2-bedroom living quarters with no garage, and they are often found on ranches as guesthouses or caretaker accommodations.						















 
view more










 
total 8 projects









 






 



 



cantinas 



							cantinas are outdoor living structures for entertaining and enjoying the beauty of outdoor spaces. they may contain fireplaces, grills, refrigerators, bar taps and even pizza ovens. they are designed to complement the architectural style of the home.						















 
view more










 
total 1 projects









 






 



 



carriage homes 



							a carriage house is usually built as part of a garage or barn. it will include a small living area with a lounging/sleeping area, but no more than one or two rooms total. these can be quite cute as well as efficiently functional for guests, family members, and caretakers.						















 
view more










 
total 4 projects









 






 



 



duplexes 



							duplexes are simply two-family dwellings. they can increase efficiencies while providing ample space and abundant livability.						















 
view more










 
total 4 projects









 






 



 



estate homes 



							estate homes are often situated in golf course communities or on ranches, which demands they provide great views as well as be architecturally interesting from all views. they offer design challenges that we turn into breathtaking designs.						















 
view more










 
total 28 projects









 






 



 



executive homes 



							when a small-scale home is “too small” or an estate home is “too big,” we can help you plan a mid-sized executive home that is “just right” for your family and lifestyle. these usually range in size from 2000 to 3000 square feet.						















 
view more










 
total 27 projects









 






view all




















what we do

 



our home plans 







 
view all












 







 








 





 texas lodges • cabins • more album 






 
















 





texas garden homes • casitas album 






 







 
















 





texas traditional album 






 
















 





texas ranch album 






 
















 





texas mission album 






 
















 





texas german album 






 
















 





texas farm album 






 
















 





 texas contemporary album 






 
















 





 texas country french album 






 
















testimonials

 



what our customers say 







 






						“we can’t begin to tell you how pleased we are with the overall look and flow that resulted from your design. it was a pleasure working with all of you. thank you again for your creativity and imagination.”					


richclient 






						“you all know that you’re amazing, right?? thank you for your talent, professionalism, efficiency and attention to detail!  you have made this a very smooth and pleasant experience; we are thrilled that we were referred to you for the design process. god bless you all!  (or as a future texan, i should probably say y’all)”					


k. almgren - ilclient 






						“we want to thank you for the work you did on our house plans in comanche trace. the finished product is exactly what we asked you to produce, a texas farmhouse. even though we started with one of your standard plans, we incorporated certain ideas we had and you made them work in the plan without much added square footage.”					


l. sudderth - caclient 






						"just thought i’d share a couple of pictures of our home that we are proud of.  purchased a set of plans from you a few years ago and are always getting complements on the finished product. thanks!"					


bob - texarkana, txclient 






						"lovely plans, received them earlier this week. we are excited about the build. and ...you will be most welcome to photograph whatever you want, whenever you want. thank you again for a beautiful home-to-be."					


b. castillo - txclient 






						“we want to thank you for all your help in the design of our home. we are really looking forward to getting started. i hope you guys had fun with the design in doing something a little “different.” i know we really like the end result.”

					


a. sell - txclient 



























we're here to help you! 







 
contact us
























register to get our newslettersign-up to receive new home plans straight to your inbox. 







 






 







 
send









🤝 your email is safe with us. 











 



mon - fri : 9am - 5pm1218 bandera hwy. kerrville, texas 78028 



email us atinfo@texashomeplans.com 



social media 






facebook
 



houzz
 



pinterest
 



envelope
 










our services 






about the firm




our process




plan albums




portfolio




resources











our collections 






estate homes




executive homes




lodges




small scale homes




garden homes




duplexes











we are here to help 



 


 




							call us now						


						(830) 257-2311					














copyright © 2024 texas home plans. all right reserved. 















































 


























































































