














    industrial weatherstripping manufacturer | fenestration | ultrafab







































































 1050 hook road                                                                                    farmington                                                                , ny                                                                 14425                                    
 


 (585) 924-2186 
 

 request a quote
 





 



search for:




 

 
 






homeabout us

sustainable initiativesour partnersterms & conditionsiso 9001:2015 certificate
productstechnical support

aama testing / compliancedownload aama pre-test guidecustom seal & brush engineering for oemscalculate proper seal sizemeasurement guidepile propertiesucx bulb seal propertiesextruder backing optionsfabricator backing optionsinsertion equipmentultrafab product declarations
blogcontact

find a reprequest a quote or samplecareers
catalog 


 


leading in vision and technologypremier manufacturer of pile and extruded weatherseal products for the window and door industry, and specialty brush and seal component parts for oems.introducingangleon™the durable, efficient solution for vibratory movement applications.
learn moreweatherseal productsfor fabricators and extrudersview productsspecialty productsoem engineered solutionsview markets / industries

digital catalog now available
ultrafab is proud to announce the launch of its new interactive digital catalog. featuring in-depth product information, informative videos, and featured news, the new catalog is another way that ultrafab  is the leader in vision and technology for the weatherstripping industry.
open digital catalog





world leaderssee our latest innovationsin actionultra nylon®ultrafab inc. is proud to launch the highly versatile ultra nylon™.  its unique bristle seal technology resists wear, making it useful in sorting, cleaning, and static mitigation.   ultra nylon™ is designed custom to your applications needs.   options include:  multiple bristle densities, fiber diameters and fiber heights.  additional offerings include die cuts, counter sunk holes, through holes, and adhesive backings.
learn moreultra bend®the premium flexible dust plug offers superior performance, a close-fiber nonoriented design, an aggressive premium adhesive, and a 360º wrap sealing function.
learn moreultra cell® micro-cellular foam sealsultra cell® microcellular foam seals feature new thermoplastic foam technology that provides consistent low closing forces and industry-leading compression set resistance, weatherability, and color stability. 
learn moretest lab servicesultrafab offers a value-added, state-of-the-art test lab service free-of-charge to our customers. our test wall capability performs air resistance testing and simulates wind-driven rain to test air leakage and water penetration in a product.
learn morein the newsglassbuild america 2023utrafab co-exhibited with roto at the fenestration industry's largest tradeshow of the year.read morespecialty products at the ata expo in orlando.ultrafab specialty products highlights products for the retractable shade and storm covering industry.read moreultrafab and arcworks:  a win-win partnership.we are proud to highlight our special partnership with arcworks.   read moreworld partnersbe the first to hear about our latest innovationssign up for our email list



mailing list sign up






if you are human, leave this field blank.


recaptcha
        




email address
        *





submit





committed to helping yousave labor, time and moneyeasy to insertultrafab products are easier to insert than other weatherseals saving time and labor.
automatedultrafab’s automated inserting systems are terrific productivity builders for fabricators or extruders.
perfect fitultrafab weatherstripping products do not stretch, shrink or leave tails after insertion.
avoid wasteif you have out of tolerance t-slots, ultrafab can supply most backing widths immediately to avoid waste.
quick responseultrafab will respond to assembly line changes quickly, to avoid lost production time.
custom designultrafab’s expertise is available to custom design prototype products or configurations, including custom brush manufacturing and more.


















find a rep
request a quote or sample
catalog
careers
whistleblower system
 


 


at the leading edge in its vision and technology, ultrafab, inc., is a premier manufacturer of pile and extruded weatherstripping products for the window and door industry; and specialty brush and seal component parts for oems.


corporate headquarters

                                                    1050 hook road
                                                                                                    farmington                                                                            , ny                                                                             14425                                            

(585) 924-2186


  general information


  weatherseal sales


  specialty products sales


  human resources



manufacturing & warehouse locations

ultrafab south
                                                                                                    49 freedom court
                                                                                                                                    greer                                                                                                    , sc                                                                                                     29650                                                                                            

ultrafab west
                                                                                                    809 west first street
                                                                                                                                    mcpherson                                                                                                    , ks                                                                                                     67460                                                                                            


warehouse locations

edwards warehouse
                                                                                                    14332 gillis road
                                                                                                                                    dallas                                                                                                    , tx                                                                                                     75244                                                                                            

1880 warehouse and transfer llc
                                                                                                    1121 70th ave.
                                                                                                                                    roberts                                                                                                    , wi                                                                                                     54023                                                                                            

john perkins industries, inc
                                                                                                    712 antioch church rd.
                                                                                                                                    greenville                                                                                                    , sc                                                                                                     29605                                                                                            







 
 
 







 

iso 9001:2015 certified 
 

 
 



©2025 ultrafab, inc.
 


1050 hook road
farmington
                                                                , ny
                                                                 14425
(585) 924-2186
info@ultrafab.com

 


 


















designed and developed by













