











fastcase – beyond research

























































skip to content


1-866-77-fastcase (866.773.2782)







store
support
contact us
fastcase 7 login


vincent ai trial







fastcase is now vlex
experience smarter, faster legal research and workflows designed for lawyers with vincent ai.
                        try vincent ai.








evolve with smart legal software
fastcase offers a spectrum of legal software tools to equip law professionals with smarter, more efficient solutions.










trusted by 80+ associations
fastcase is proud to partner with over 80 national, state, and county bar associations to provide our legal research and solutions as a free member benefit.












what do our clients have to say?
i am a solo practitioner who loves fastcase.  almost spent a fortune on westlaw but now i know that would have been a huge mistake.  fastcase has everything i need.
jack grimes attorneydata is driving a new reality in the practice of law. we wanted to roll-up our sleeves to better understand the ways we can leverage data to build solutions for clients.
mark wassermanco-ceo at eversheds sutherland llp









vlex and fastcase
legal tech disruptors vlex and fastcase merge to form world’s largest global law library.





read the announcement
learn about vlex












want to stay up to date with fastcase?
sign up for product updates, newsletters, and more.



sign up









aboutabout vlex and fastcase
vlex fastcase 50





productsfastcase legal research
vlex fastcase (member benefit)
dir partnership – dir-cpo-5254





coveragecoverage





support & trainingfastcase support





policiesprivacy policy
terms & conditions











copyright © 2024 fastcase inc., all rights reserved.
terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice. by accessing and using this page you agree to the terms and conditions.













view cart
checkout
continue shopping




























