


water's edge campground - water's edge campground
































































































homeonline reservationsthings to do

planned activities
campground tour
facilities & amenities


rates

camping rates
rv & cabin rental rates
seasonal camping rates
golf cart rental rate


park information

site map
rv & cabin rental information
seasonal camping information
group information
directions


contact us

e-mail us now!
contact information


photo gallery 
















								home							















 online reservations
click here!
 












					online reservations!				
























 days to 2025 season:


55days
09hours
22minutes
10seconds
 















homereturn homereservationsbook today!things to doactivities, facilities & more

planned activitiescampground tourfacilities & amenities
ratespricing & policies

camping/visitor's rates/policiesrv & cabin rental ratesseasonal camping ratesgolf cart rental rate
park informationmaps, directions & more

site maprv & cabin rental informationseasonal camping informationgroup informationdirections
contact use-mail, phone, etc.

e-mail us now!contact information
photo galleryimages & more 

















welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!
welcome to water's edge campground!



 
























camping in connecticut by the day, week, month or season! 
enjoy a campsite on our ten-acre, spring fed lake, and join the activities in our large recreation hall or at the lake. all campsites are appropriately equipped and the lake is well stocked with fish.
in addition to swimming and fishing, there's plenty of opportunity to go hiking, pitch horseshoes, surf the internet, play bingo, or just sit back and relax. planned activities include: childrens games & activities, bingo, pig roasts, pot luck suppers, treasure hunts, and live entertainment and dancing.
whether you're after a weekend getaway or an rv seasonal site, you'll find water's edge tops! kids love it too. we offer plenty of activities to keep the kids busy.... fishing, boating, dances, swimming, hayrides, etc. we also provide free park-wide wifi so you can keep up-to-date with email and stay in contact with your social networks.
we are group friendly, providing a dedicated group camping area (our "safari field"), shared pavilllion and shared firepits. we are also pet friendly, providing a spacious dog park (our "bark park") so that your pets can stretch their legs too.
the water's edge campground season is april 15th - october 15th. leashed pets are also welcomed throughout the park. fishing at water's edge is "catch & release".

 

 

water's edge family campground
 















 *** this website is for informational purposes only. all rates, activities, policies and rules are subject to change without notice. for a copy of our written rules click here or call us at 860-642-7470. if you have any questions at all regarding campground policies please call.



copyright © 2018. water's edge campground









 

home
contact us
reservations
activities
rates
 


























 

essential ssl
























