







astro event company










































































0








        skip to content
      












































open menu
close menu
















































open menu
close menu











































 

 when it comes to planning your event…shoot for the stars




    view services ➤
  

     












astro event company has been the hampton roads & virginia beach leader in wedding and party services for 30+ years. our diverse staff of entertainers can handle all kinds of events, from birthday celebrations to black tie affairs.  




















          dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★  dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★
        











dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★  dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★










        dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★  dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ dj's ★ photo booths ★ event rentals ★ planning services ★ lighting ★ transportation ★ 
      


















 we aren't just...

























meet the  team















our rentals















upcoming events
















 














 












we do things differently.



we do things differently at astro entertainment, and that's a fact. we not only love what we do, we love bringing your visions to life.for over 30 years, we have provided the hampton roads area with award-winning quality entertainment, customized to suit all of your needs, big or small! our diverse staff of entertainers is ready to assist you with anything from birthday parties, to black tie affairs. from planning, to breaking down, we are there for your event at the level you desire, and the knowledge and enthusiasm to back it up.if you're looking to create a party that is tailored to be exactly what you have been envisioning, we've got you covered. with a vast selection of top-of-the-line services like silent discos, movie nights, game shows, and much more, we are here to take your event up more than just one notch.




    view services ➤
  












 

need inspiration?we’ve been a part of thousands of events of all types, and we’ve got the pictures to prove it. take a peek at some of our previous events for more ideas and inspiration and when you’re ready, we’ll make your dream event a reality.




    view inspo ➤
  

 


















 weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★  weddings ★ corporate events ★ military ★ bar/bat mitzvahs ★ school functions ★ birthday parties ★ holiday parties ★ outdoor parties ★ anniversaries ★





  












 














 














 

 

 









 

see our upcoming eventsfrom our annual charity golf classic to the uniquely yours bridal showcase, we’re always planning events of our own! ready to hang out with the wildest crew in virginia beach? check out our upcoming events and we’ll see you there!




    aint no party like an astro party ➤
  

 












 let's make it a five star event.






















★★★★★
hey all reading this review, my name is brian and i just got married at the end of july 2020, and used astro ent, as our wedding dj. man oh man, am i so glad that we did! huge shout out to dj larry d for playing our hits all night long. as someone who loves to dance at a wedding (especially my own) larry made the night truly special. larry was very invested in us having as much fun as possible. larry is amazing to work with and catered to our every need! larry is an extremely talented and technical dj and knows when to pump up the jams and when to let some folks catch their breath!dj larry knows how to party and is i couldn't recommend him more! do yourself a favor and hire dj larry d for your upcoming celebrations or events! thanks again larry!-brian m.






★★★★★
danny was the absolute best dj!! he had everyone up and dancing the entire night, which was exactly what we wanted for our wedding! we definitely recommend danny to anyone and everyone who loves to dance the night away!-cory via weddingwire






★★★★★
dj rodney made the wedding reception so much fun! he mixed latino and american music so flawlessly, there was always someone in the dance floor. my parents danced all night long! he also did a wonderful job during all the other wedding events. i would definitely recommend him and astro entertainment for your event.-andrea m.






★★★★★
dj danny gray is amazing and has such a fun, energetic, friendly personality! he got everyone up and dancing early into the night and his music playlist was exactly what we wanted! everyone had a blast!! he even assisted me with logistics on the day of the wedding - how to announce/line up guests for dinner and cake. our wedding was an absolute dream and beyond our expectations and he played a major role in this! 100% recommend dj danny gray!!! :)-stephanie b.





































































 

join the party: @astroeventco





















 













 
































      
        wishlist form
      
    


wishlist




please provide your contact details and we will contact you about your wishlist



              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone
              
                *




(###)





###





####





              date of your event
              
            
if you don't have a date, or this is n/a - just leave blank!



mm





dd





yyyy





              are there any other questions or concerns you'd like us to address when reaching out about your wishlist?
              
            




              wishlist
              
            






thank you!



















 ready for your event to take off?as your event planning hq in the hampton roads region, we are so excited to work with you to bring your plan or idea to life.  




    get in touch ➤
  






















 

contact1115 independence blvdsuite 204virginia beach va 23455sales@astroeventco.com757-460-2224



navigateabout astroservicesinspirationeventsclient portal log in



follow































astro event company ©2022 | site & branding by summerside creative studio















 












