




holiday limo | san antonio's premiere limousine service
































 first class comfort at an affordable price

  210-683-5035
 








home
our fleet
packages

weddings
quinceañeras and sweet sixteens
prom night
night out
shopping in style


corporate
contact us
 






 enjoy astress freenight out rsvp today


 ride in  luxury  rsvp today


 make your  big day a memorable  one with  holiday limo  rsvp today









reserve your limo now!



































# of guests
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10































































we will contact you for more information and to confirm your reservation within 24 hours




our packages
holiday limo is here to take you anywhere you need to go in style.












we’ll get you there! 





let holiday limo be your provider for airport,convention,corporate,wedding,and special event needs.



professional & reliable destination management services in san antonio, south texas, and hill country for over 20 years!



our suv service is the best 



limo rental service is a convenient and affordable alternative  to car rentals and taxis.






about us
when it comes to limousine service in san antonio, no one can beat the service and reliability of holiday limo. that’s because we recognize when it comes to your transportation needs, it’s not just the destination that matters but the experience you have along the way. at holiday limo we don’t just get you there, we get you there in style. our service is unbeatable, our staff is exemplary and our limousines are upgraded and maintained to the highest standards. from the fairy-tail wedding to corporate events, the immaculate holiday limo fleet and our highly-trained chauffeur’s can help make your next journey a success. all you have to do is sit back and enjoy the ride.

did you know the average american spends an hour and a half in a vehicle every single day? that’s nearly four years over a life span. why not spend some of that time relaxing in style rather than fighting with traffic? holiday limo can take care of all of your transportation needs for any occasion including airport pick-up and drop-off, a night out on the town or even a shopping spree at some of san antonio’s world-class retail establishments. whether you are looking for a sedan, a van, a stretch limousine or even a party bus, holiday limo has the right vehicle to suite your individual needs. holiday limo is locally owned and operated and our 24-years of experience in san antonio mean we know just how to make your next journey a success. are you ready to get there? rsvp today.





 

 holiday limo 4035 naco perrin blvd #210a 210-690-0400






 copyright © 2016 - holiday limo | website managed by ink & link creative

 



















