





ridenow phoenix: motorcycle & powersports dealer in phoenix








































































®










































skip to main content





shop brands




featured brands

polaris off roadcan-amsea-doo



all brands


all brands











previous



next








toggle navigation

















							17202 n. cave creek road, phoenix, 
										az
									
									85032
						






							602-992-8620
						




						phoenix
					







españolenglish





search

go








home

inventory

showroom

all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
clearance inventory

custom
								inventory

value
								your trade


can-am®
sea-doo® watercraft
can-am® maverick r
polaris® off-road vehicles



finance


6 months deferred interest*

get an insurance quote 
apply now
get
								pre-qualified
shop by
								payment

payment
								calculator

oem promotions
what's my buying power



service

service
								department
service appointments

free tire install request
sell/trade your vehicle



parts & accessories

parts department

parts
								request
free tire install request



info

about
								us
map &
								hours
schedule an appointment
get your motorcycle license
rider education and licensing


employment


newsletter signup
reviews



contact us







			ridenow phoenix
		


				17202 n. cave creek road
			
 
					phoenix
				, 
						az
					 
					85032
				

				us
			

phone: 
				602-992-8620
			
email: 
				phoenixwebsales@ridenow.com,phoenixsales@ridenow.com,nrqjgksa@mailparser.io
			

fax:
				















get out and ride now

search our inventory of hundreds of new & pre-owned models.

search

go









polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.
rebates up to $2,000 on the purchase on several can-am off-road vehiclesrebates up to $2,000 on the purchase on several can-am off-road vehicles
yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.
offer valid 2/1/25 through 2/28/25. financing is subject to credit approval. void where prohibited. not all who apply will qualify. visit our consumer financing page or contact your local dealer for more information.offer valid 2/1/25 through 2/28/25. financing is subject to credit approval. void where prohibited. not all who apply will qualify. visit our consumer financing page or contact your local dealer for more information.
cash offer - ride in. cash out.ridenow phoenix - new &amp; used powersports vehicles, service, and parts in phoenix, az, near scottsdale, mesa, glendale, and tempe
free tire install - with the purchase of any in-stock tires. bring in your estimates & we will match the price ridenow phoenix - new &amp; used powersports vehicles, service, and parts in phoenix, az, near scottsdale, mesa, glendale, and tempe








previous



pause



next










new inventory
shop now




pre-owned
shop now





sell / tradeyour vehicle
learn more

















motorcycles
view models





utv
view models





atv
view models





watercraft
view models











ridenow powersportsphoenix
we stock new and used motorcycles, utvs, scooters, atvs, and pwcs at our arizona store.

as a full-service dealer, ridenow phoenix offers customers new and used can-am®, sea-doo, polaris®, suzuki and yamaha sales, parts, atv accessories and motorcycle service at our phoenix, arizona location. our selection includes motorcycles, atvs, utility vehicles, scooters, and watercraft for sale here in az.
+ read more







shop by manufacturerour brands




polaris® 





suzuki 





kawasaki 





yamaha 





can-am® off-road 





sea-doo 





ryker™ 





spyder® 





kayo® 






motorcycle & powersports dealer in phoenix
fuel your passion for adventure at ridenow phoenix, your go-to powersports dealership in arizona's vibrant capital. we're your choice provider of polaris, can-am, sea-doo, yamaha, kawasaki, suzuki, segway, hisun, kayo, and more. if you’re after the rumble of atvs, the rush of motorcycles, the thrill of personal watercraft, the versatility of scooters, or the utility of side-by-sides, we've got the ride that matches your needs.
whatever you need, we’ve got you covered with our service center, finance center, and parts department. surrounded by the landscapes of mesa, scottsdale, chandler, gilbert, tempe, paradise valley, carefree, cave creek, litchfield park, and guadalupe, our dealership is the place to dive into powersports culture in arizona. 
ditch the ordinary and join us for an extraordinary ride at ridenow phoenix.
find your next adventure: new & used vehicles
experience power on the road with our extensive inventory of new and used powersports vehicles. tear through the open trails on a yamaha or conquer the waves with a sea-doo. from the prowess of polaris to the spirit of can-am, our new inventory showroom boasts the finest selection.
our used inventory doesn't just offer any rides; we’ve gathered carefully tested machines that deliver great driving. quality, performance, and the thrill of the ride – find it all here. our vehicles, curated for quality and performance, guarantee an exceptional ownership experience. 
ridenow phoenix stands out as a premier can-am dealer in the heart of phoenix, az, offering an impressive selection of top-tier can-am vehicles. among their standout offerings is the can-am maverick, a rugged and high-performance side-by-side designed to tackle any terrain with ease. whether you're seeking thrilling off-road adventures or reliable utility, ridenow phoenix is your go-to destination for the latest can-am models, ensuring you find the perfect vehicle to elevate your outdoor experiences.
fuel your passion with hassle-free financing
turn your plans of adventure into a reality with our finance center. whether you're into motorcycles, atvs, personal watercraft, or side-by-sides, we've got the financial solution to help you make it happen. 
our financing options are tailored to your needs, ensuring your journey begins on the right financial track. join the community of satisfied riders who’ve experienced the ease of our service. value your trade or apply for financing online. your ride, your terms, with ridenow phoenix.
service & parts excellence
trust your powersports ride to the experts in our service center. our team of technicians specializes in maintaining top brands and adherence to the highest standards to keep your vehicle in peak condition. 
our parts center stocks everything you need for customization and upgrades. from routine maintenance to personalized modifications, we've got the parts, skills, and passion. warranty work? you bet. schedule your service appointment or submit a parts request. let's keep the adventure alive.
ridenow phoenix: your powersports partner
ridenow phoenix is more than a dealership; we're a community united by a passion for adventure.  located in phoenix, arizona, we stock powerhouse brands such as polaris, can-am, sea-doo, yamaha, kawasaki, suzuki, segway, hisun, kayo, and kawasaki wc. our commitment to quality, unmatched variety, and friendly service make us your go-to destination in the area for all things powersports. join us and discover why enthusiasts from mesa to litchfield park choose ridenow phoenix for their vehicle needs. your journey starts with ridenow!





roadway loan (installment)

					*all credit products are issued by webbank. an origination fee of 4% applies. the dignifi interest waived program applies to all approved customers. interest will be charged to your account from account opening at 9.99%‐36.00% apr. if the full loan amount is paid within the first 90 days, you will receive a refund in the amount of any accrued interest that was charged. a minimum monthly payment is required. additional principal payments will be required to pay off the loan amount before the promotion expires. interest will be waived if you make all of your scheduled payments on time and pay off your loan in full within the first 90 days. the application generally takes a few minutes. all applications are subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria. the maximum approved amount, terms, and the annual percentage rate (apr) will be based on an evaluation of credit history. webbank funds the repair amount once repairs are completed and documents are executed.
					


expressway credit (revolver card) 

					*all dignifi expressway credit cards are issued by webbank. an annual fee of up to $79 may apply. six-month deferred interest promotional offer is available on all approved purchases of $350 or more using the dignifi expressway credit card. no interest will be charged on the promotional purchase if you pay the promotional purchase amount in full within 6 months. if you do not, interest will be charged on the promotional purchase from the purchase date. a minimum monthly payment is required. the required minimum monthly payments may not pay off the promotional purchase by the end of the promotional period. account must be open and current to be eligible for this offer. regular account terms apply to non-promotional purchases and, after promotion ends, to your promotional purchases. please see any special promotion advertising or other disclosures provided to you for the full terms of any special promotion offered. all applications for credit are based on an evaluation of credit history. the annual percentage rate (apr) ranges from 27.99%–36%. if you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
					













contact information


17202 n. cave creek road
phoenix, az 85032

phone: 602-992-8620

hours











quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory

value your trade
test ride
fleet vehicles
get an insurance quote

connect




follow ridenow phoenix on instagram! (opens in new window)





like ridenow phoenix on facebook! (opens in new window)





check out the ridenow phoenix youtube channel! (opens in new window)





follow ridenow phoenix on twitter! (opens in new window)










copyright© 2025 ridenow phoenix  |
					all rights reserved


unsubscribe |
					policy |
					privacy |
					accessibility |
					terms |
					site map
























































































