







breastcare.org | national consortium of breast centers




































































































 














 






facebook




twitter




linkedin


nqmbc.org
bhcn™ navigator certification programs
cgra – cancer genetic risk assessment certification

0 items
 












home
about ncbc

about the ncbc

board of trustees
committee list


membership

why membership?
membership applications


contact us

meet our staff


certifications

bse certification
breast patient navigation certification programs
clinical breast examination certification program
cancer genetic risk assessment certification program


other

advertise with the ncbc!
resources
uspstf position statement




ncbc directories

national directory of breast centers
national directory of breast professionals
directory of breast care vendors/suppliers
national directory of certified breast patient navigators
ncbc national directory of advocate ambassadors


member area

member login
view/update your profile
renew your membership
ask the experts
job board and available positions
past ncbc newsletters
view sample job descriptions
download ncbc logos
ncbc board policy
renew your navigator certification


 





select page


  
 



 



 


































































































































































breast care team empowerment
for over 30 years, ncbc has continued to evolve to meet the needs of breast centers and breast care professional individuals like you who share in our common goal to improve our patients’ lives and their clinical outcomes.
ncbc is charged with bringing the entire continuum of breast care, from advances in imaging technology, pathologic correlation, genetics and risk assessment, oncoplastics, lymphedema, business administration, to the latest in breast disease treatment and management and survivorship. our organization leans heavily on the volunteerism, passion, and knowledge of recognized experts within their fields, all laser-focused on our true-north, which is our patients.





conference dates
2025 march 21 - 232026 march 13 - 182027 march 5 - 10



conference flip book
housing information
abstracts / poster information




request facility member discount code
exhibitor / sponsor kit
exhibitors listing


















is your breast surgeon a certified oncoplastic surgeon?validate your skills: certificate of performance in oncoplastic surgery™ is offered by passing the practical performance testing, written testing as well as other requirements (extra charge). applicants must have prior oncoplastic course(s) attendance and have practical experience.



of didactic teaching plus7 hours of hands-on labover three days



ncca nationally accredited breast navigator certification: bhcn™ncbc is the premier organization to offer breast navigation certification to individuals working in breast care in addition to nurses. we offer three options to become a certified breast navigator. just one exam, specifically designed for your role in breast care.



certified breast navigatorsnationwide



ncca nationally accredited cancer genetic risk assessment: cgra™ncbc's certification in cancer genetic risk assessment has been developed to acknowledge the healthcare professional with clinical experience and advanced knowledge in cancer genetics and cancer risk assessment.



cancer genetic risk assessmentcertifications to date and growing








the national consortium of breast centers (ncbc) invites breast centers from across the united states to participate in its national quality measures for breast centers™ program (nqmbc). launched in april of 2005, the nqmbc program offers facilities providing breast health care the ability to track and measure quality performance measures in more than 46 individual quality indicators. the most compelling component of this program is the ability of participants to enter their own data and immediately compare their performance on these measures with other participating breast centers around the country. in addition, you may compare yourself only with centers like yours, your size, your location, the number of mammograms done per year and other variables. current participants use these comparison reports to identify where quality care already exists and where quality care improvement opportunity exists. your ncbc facility membership allows you to participate in the nqmbc program without any additional cost.


nqmbc participating breast centers across america 






search location











category






distance range

radius:  km




status























                              loading...                            




breast centers: 0
print










×
store direction












get directions
×


from:



to:




 km                

 miles                


get directions









use my location to find the closest service provider near me
×


use location












×






 























attend the ncobc annual breast center conference at a reduced member cost and be captivated by over 100 renowned speakers and nearly 80 breast industry exhibitors with the most advanced technology and software to date. all while earning from 25 to 40 cme’s.

ncbc facility membership gives access to the nqmbc® program, a quality initiative of the national consortium of breast centers. the only breast care-specific quality management program of its type examining performance across the entire patient's journey from screening through diagnosis, surgery and adjuvant therapies.




as an ncbc member you will receive the bi-monthly newsletter of the ncbc, the breast center bulletin with access to the latest articles and research in breast health.

 

ncbc facility membership includes free job postings ($500 value) post your available positions on the ncbc breastcare.org website. viewed by more than 2,000 breast health care professionals.




this invaluable member benefit is a one of a kind resource. post your breast center specific questions and in a short period of time your question will be answered by designated experts in each of these fields: surgical, oncology, navigation, genetics, quality, rn, administration, radiology.
 

free monthly subscription to the breast cancer wellness e-magazine to share with your patients and the annual special resource edition in the fall.





get in touch


name(required)


first



last

email(required)

phonemessage(required)captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 














the national consortium of breast centers is a nonprofit public benefit corporation, 501(c )3.
ncbc is the premier interdisciplinary organization committed to the development, maintenance, advancement and improvement of the highest quality patient-focused breast centers by supporting education, certification and interdisciplinary communication among those we serve.



 








 national consortium of breast centers, inc.
po box 1334
warsaw, in 46581-1334
(574) 267-8058

 

 donate to ncbc
ncbc donors
advertising opportunities
photo gallery 

 






facebook




twitter




linkedin


all material © 2025 national consortium of breast centers, inc.  





 × product(s) added to cart → ×








            cart        






 





	your cart is empty!    
        return to shop    
 


 



checkout
-
$0.00





 
0
1
 








  
 























































