


graphic novelties























    
	graphic novelties
	
  
author's note: this blog has been superseded by my culture shock blog.




thursday, march 13, 2008



	 
	 superheroes and metaphors
	 
    


julian sanchez, blogger, freelance writer and reason magazine contributing editor, has a nice video interview with douglas wolk, author of reading comics. topics include world war hulk as a metaphor for blowback. the interview is from november 2007, but if you haven't seen it, it's new to you:



posted by franklin @ 2:19 pm
1 comments









	 
	 not so 'incredible'
	 
    


i am one of only three people who loved ang lee's hulk — the others being lee and his mom. so, take my opinion for what it's worth, but the trailer for incredible hulk is, um, a bit lame.anyway, see for yourself:mtvmusic videosmtv showsentertainment newsno, not looking forward to this one as much as i am iron man and the dark knight.



posted by franklin @ 1:49 pm
1 comments









	 
	 you know, i learned something today
	 
    


apparently, there was once such as thing a kung-fu porn.



posted by franklin @ 12:31 pm
0 comments






friday, february 29, 2008



	 
	 trailer park
	 
    


first, the greatest actor ever in what will certainly be the greatest movie ever:second, a new kick-ass trailer for iron man. hint: this is how you make a superhero movie.iron man exclusive traileradd to my profile | more videos



posted by franklin @ 7:39 pm
0 comments






wednesday, february 27, 2008



	 
	 the goddamn batman thinks you need jesus
	 
    


decatur, ala., city councilman ray metzger, who owns a not-quite-authentic reproduction batmobile, has been handing out come-to-jesus pamphlets featuring everyone's favorite dark knight. take a peek and maybe you'll be as moved as i was — moved to hysterical fits of incredulous laughter. (click images to enlarge.)



posted by franklin @ 1:08 am
2 comments






tuesday, march 28, 2006



	 
	 the (super) power of words
	 
    


the los angeles times weighs in against marvel and dc's joint trademark of the term "super hero" and its variations:in trademark law, the more unusual a term, the more it qualifies for protection. we would have no quarrel with marvel and dc had they called their superheroes "actosapiens," then trademarked that. but purely generic terms aren't entitled to protection, at least in theory. the reason is simple: trademarks restrict speech, and to put widely used terms under private control is an assault on our language.(link via neilalien.)



posted by franklin @ 1:10 am
2 comments






friday, march 24, 2006



	 
	 p is for pad
	 
    


make a note of this moment because this will probably never happen again: i agree 100 percent with peter david:if i see one more article about alan moore being "swindled" by dc or how hollywood has destroyed his graphic novel, i'm going to go on a vendetta of my own.what he said. now, go read the entire post and the comments.



posted by franklin @ 12:39 am
0 comments






monday, march 20, 2006



	 
	 super thieves
	 
    


sf writer cory doctorow is mad as hell about marvel and dc's joint attempt to monopolize the term "super-hero":"super-hero" isn't marvel's property. they didn't invent the term. they aren't the only users of the term. it's a public-domain word that belongs to all of us. adding a ™ to super-hero is a naked bid to steal "super-hero" from us and claim it for their own.(link via neilalien.)



posted by franklin @ 11:34 am
0 comments









	 
	 february by the numbers
	 
    


icv2.com has posted its monthly breakdown of comics sales: the top 100 graphic novels and the top 300 floppies. the return of astonishing x-men gave marvel the no. 1 slot on the top 300, but dc held it's own, filling half of the top 10 spots, including two issues of supergirl and two issues of green lantern. (how on earth did supergirl become a top 10 book?)the circulation of 13 of the top 25 floppies was up over their previous issues.



posted by franklin @ 2:23 am
0 comments






sunday, march 19, 2006



	 
	 b is for box office
	 
    


v for vendetta did anything but bomb this weekend, taking in an estimated $26.1 million on 3,365 screens to debut at no. 1. box office mojo crunches the numbers:dystopian visions of the future frequently have trouble finding an audience in theaters, from blade runner to the island, brazil to equilibrium. throw in a potentially off-putting protagonist in its always-masked freedom fighter, and v for vendetta was a tough sell, rendering its opening a solid success despite industry speculation that it could bow to north of $30 million.



posted by franklin @ 11:43 pm
0 comments









	 
	 d&d to dvd
	 
    


mark evanier has revealed that he is recording extras for the upcoming dvd release of the dungeons & dragons cartoon series.



posted by franklin @ 8:36 pm
0 comments










about me

name:  franklin 
location:  athens, alabama, united states 
i am assistant metro editor for a newspaper in alabama. i am also a freelance writer, having written reviews, op-eds, columns, and essays for magazines, newspapers, and journals, including reason and rue morgue. you can e-mail me at tfharris (at) hiwaay (dot) net. "the views expressed on this website are mine alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of my employer."
view my complete profile

syndication

graphic novelties xml feed
graphic novelties feed for livejournal

comics blogosphere

comic weblog updates
attentiondeficitdisorderly too flat
bags and boards
the beat
beaucoupkevin
blogity-blog-blog-blog
brill building
bully says: comics oughta be fun!
clea's cave
collected editions
colleen doran
comic book commentary
the comics reporter
comics should be good
comics worth reading
dark, but shining
destroy all comics!!!
ditko comics
evan dorkin
focused totality
the great curve
the hurting
image comics blog
jog - the blog
the johnny bacardi show
love manga
the low road
mah two cents
mangablog
near-mint heroes
neil gaiman
neilalien
the next voice you hear
pen-elayne on the web
peter david
photon torpedoes
polite dissent
pop culture gadabout
popp'd?
postmodern barney
progressive ruin
return to comics
rob's blog o' stuff
the savage critic(s)
shelly's comic book shelf
snap judgments
this is pop!
unqualified offerings
warren ellis

comics news & views

buzzscope
comic book galaxy
comic book resources
comic world news
comics continuum
icv2
lying in the gutters
marvel directory
marvel masterworks resource page
newsarama
ninth art
pipeline
pulse
silver bullet comics

beyond comics news

action-figure
cinescape
comic book movie
dark horizons
superhero hype!
toon zone

kindred blogs

giant monster blog

previous posts

superheroes and metaphors
not so 'incredible'
you know, i learned something today
trailer park
the goddamn batman thinks you need jesus
the (super) power of words
p is for pad
super thieves
february by the numbers
b is for box office

archives

2006-02-12
2006-02-19
2006-02-26
2006-03-05
2006-03-12
2006-03-19
2006-03-26
2008-02-24
2008-03-09




bugmenot
    have i linked to a web site that demands you fill out an annoying "free registration" form before you can read the story? try bugmenot instead.





graphic novelties is copyright © 2006 franklin harris. 




