
















this ordinary life







































































this ordinary life



pity those who seek out shepherds

























































































thursday, august 18, 2011











  india – kolkata drove by the homeless sleeping on the cold, dark streets. their bodies in an open grave....* for an 'airport express' bus it took it's bloody time turning up! i waited for 40 minutes before finally giving up and jumping into a cab instead, saving those 100 bahts. for what, i did not know. i was leaving the country – it was hardly as if i needed them anymore. from the si lom road, getting a cab was easy – getting to the airport however, not so much.at around 7pm bangkok is just like one big car park, only the engines are still running and everyone seems to have fallen asleep on the horn! we crawled our way along to the expressway (nothing more than a clever name for a toll road) and then literally, at every corner we turned, it just produced another stream of stoplamps. it was only a little concern as i was never going to miss my plane and when things finally picked up and i was on my way, that tiny knot of anxiety started to disappear.i was looking forward to india – really, i was. i wanted the change of lifestyle, the change of pace and a really good cup of tea – india seemed to be the very place for me........ but there was something else. it was an odd sensation and one that i wasn't entirely expecting - i was going to miss bangkok. infact, i don't think i wanted to leave thailand at all. i thought back on all the good times that i'd had from that first night in koh lanta at 'bar-racuda' to the majesty of the tiger temples just the day before to the friendliness of the staff at the urban age hostel. it was all good. thailand; the land of smiles? yeah – i guess so.checking in, immigration was the usual formality and for the very last time i found myself in the land of estee lauder and sony for the next six months. a final cup of coffee from coffeeworld, a ridiculously large burger from bk later and i found myself patiently, waiting for my plane. sitting in the departure lounge amongst a bunch of indian gents and watching the cricket on bbc 24, i felt very comfortable here. there was a familiarity already, if not with the country then at least with the people. the uk has a very large indian community so nothing seemed out of place so far. we boarded, i opened my book and began to read.i rarely buy guide books, least of all 'rough guides' and it felt like i was cramming for a test. india is such a ridiculously large country and so varied that i thought that this was the only way to really understand it. now, if you believed everything that you read in these things, you'd think that you were stepping into a biological warzone. india would kill you as soon as look at you! 'hiv is rapidly increasing', 'malaria is one of the big killers', 'worms may enter your body. an itchy anus is a common symptom' (terrific!), 'rabies is a problem in india'.... and so on. after a while it all calms down a bit and then starts to tell you things that you really want to know but not before putting the fear of god (or should that be shiva?) into you first. india still seemed daunting and yet everyone i knew who had been to india seemed to have survived it just fine. i sat back and tried to relax about the whole thing.there was a little idle chat with the guy next to me but it was only pleasantries. his thick accent making it difficult to understand and warp speed dialogue that would make a drunk irishman seem positively lax. i'd already found myself competing with the indian contingent on the plane. they seemed to be a culture of opportunists and if anything was coming their way, then they wanted it. they wanted the pillow and blanket, the drink, the seat reclined back as far as possible. if there was an 'assistance' lamp and they could use it, they would and constantly asked the attendants for 'just one more thing'. i missed out time and time again on the legroom and the armrest, despite my subtle attempts at just elbowing myself in, it bore no fruit.having arrived in the early hours of the next morning, tired, dehydrated and a little apprehensive, there was the final hurrah of baggage collection. i hate waiting for my bag at the baggage carousel. every bag that comes out that isn't mine is like a tiny, little disappointment. sure enough, my new friends had acquired baggage carts, any baggage cart and were lined up, obediently waiting while i was left in the second row trying to peer over the top of them. one bag later and i headed off to my taxi.it always seems like a safe bet – especially if you're arriving in a new country late at night – to just bite the bullet, pay that little bit extra and get someone to get you to your hotel with no problems. we drove by the streets nearest to the airport – usually the most squalid – and you thought to yourself 'well hang on, this isn't so bad. look, they're trying here; they have signs in neon and atm's. there's even a dancing shiva on the dashboard. y'know – they're having a go' and i started to think that the whole poverty thing here in kolkata had been blown out of proportion...... and then it hits you. as you start getting into the backstreets to kolkata, there are people lying out on straw mats or if they're lucky, on the back of carts. hundreds upon hundreds of bodies strewn haphazardly all around as we drove on to mahatma gandhi road. we pulled up outside hotel himilay inbetween long lines of big, heavy, dirty aggragate lorries and i wondered what exactly had i got here. later on, lying in my bed and thinking about what i'd paid for this place, i can't help but think that i'd made a bad choice. slowly, i talked myself into disliking india before i'd even given it a chance.'back to basics – do what you'd normally do, paul', so after breakfast i had a quick look around my immediate area. you've got to keep your wits around you, that is for sure. this is no place to be listening to your ipod, for instance. i'm trying to find a place to fit in but – of course – there is no such thing here. so you're left as a spectator and that is an incredible thing all on it's own. going from bangkok to kolkata is such a huge contrast, i'm going to be at a loss for how to describe it. there is just so much....... noise, so many more people on the streets, on the buses, on the metro. there is pollution everywhere and yet it's accepted as the norm. people are washing themselves with the standpipes on the street or using the river as a toilet. not the regular standpipes, you understand – that you find in the western world. no, these are just your typical, run-o-the-mill hand-pumped standpipes from an era long since forgotten. it adds a splash of charm inbetween that macabre curiosity that i always seem to carry with me. around the mg road and amongst all these people i was the only western face and yet they looked through me as if i was invisible. the occasional person might shout 'hello', looking more for a response than any pleasantry gifted out on their behalf and it was just amazing to behold. traffic here is a hoot! the buses are the most dilapidated i've ever seen. they've been beaten and flogged to within an inch of their useful lives but against all odds, still seem to run. they show their battlescars of countless collisions and yet people pile onto them. the trams are alike. the guidebook says that they haven't changed much in their 150yr service but if you had any image of some quaint tram like in, say, san francisco well, you can get that thought out of your head immediately. they look....... evil. not of this world – a skeleton of a tram – a ghost. there are no windows, no doors, every corner has been beaten into a reluctant chamfer and yet they still continue to run. you could drop the h-bomb on kolkata and all that would be left would be flies and trams!!some of the cars that come out of the showrooms actually get blessed by clerics. this is a bonafide ritual. the priest mumbles a few incoherent words, spashes water on the bonnet, burns some incense and wafts it around the extremes of the car and then the driver is ready to face the traffic. i understand that driving here requires all the help you can get but relying on divine intervention is pushing it a bit. personally, i'd like something a little more concrete than that. other alternatives included the ubiquitous tuk-tuk, tri-shaws and the hand pulled rickshaws. these were supposedly outlawed but you just try telling the city slum dwellers that. often it is the only way that they can make a living and they tend to live short, very hard lives. i never used them. finally, you had the metro. it's clean, it worked, it is of course horrendously packed and for some bizarre reason, you can't take photos on it. a regulation so stringently adhered to that there are guards both at the station entrances and on the ticket floors ready to insist on removing that battery from the camera. apparently it's ok to eat and drink and shit and piss down there but god forbid should you want to photograph any of it. despite all this, it is the best and most economical way to get around the city. just 4rp (about 5p!!) can get you out of this particular brand of madness and into a totally different kind of madness altogether.calcutta (or kolkata as the bengali like to call it) was the capital of the british raj. you only have to look around you at the now dilapidated buildings to see that we'd stuck our oar in here somewhere in their recent past. the buildings are glorious though. in such ridiculous states of decay, they actually developed a charm that outshone the so called 'sights'. the proof of this was in the way i spent my days. rather than go to fort william or the maidan or the indian museum, i just contented myself with walking around and just seeing kolkata for what it really is. my only excursion was to the victoria monument.the statue of ol vic doesn't catch her in her best years. there is slightly too much birdshit on her head for one thing to be truly respectful. she is also depicted during her – as another author put it – 'fat elvis years' which, if a little unfair is most certainly apt. it's not a good look. i never went inside – instead i preferred to enjoy the sunshine and walking around the gardens. besides; to enter the building costs 10rp for residents and 150rp for foreigners. now that still only works out to approximately two quid but once again, it's their principles that i found sadly unfair....... especially when we built the bloody thing in the first place! the gardens are a nice place to be in their own right anyhow. the grounds regularly watered, the flowers bloom and indian couples could be seen nestling and canoodling under any treebranch or agreeable bush. it made for a nice place to be.the maidan are the 'lungs of the city'. lungs that suffer from chronic emphysema i'd imagine! on the plus side it is a huge green area in the city where you'll find a racecourse or a stadium, a handful of monuments and – at the weekends – dapper chaps in their finest whites knocking out a quick game of cricket and just enough time for a quick afternoon tea. it's all so..... british!. many locals would stroll here too. i found it interesting: while the guys had opted for a more modern, western style of dress here the girls, thankfully, maintained their saris and the wonderful colours that accompanied them. all the ladies wear them and all the ladies looked very glamourous indeed. i wanted to photograph them but shied away. i haven't adapted to their psyche about such things just yet so i bided my time.i finished my first day exploring sudder street. in an ideal world, this is where i should have come to in the first place. it's the backpacker hangout and while i enjoyed the mahatma gandhi road and all it showed me, i really didn't want to be segregated from likeminded people for the entirety of my stay. i found a decent hotel that was reccommended that had dorms and decided to leave for that the next day.my taxi weaved it's way through allsorts of potential hazards on it's way to sudder street. the car of choice here is, amazingly the hindustan 'ambassador' – basically a 1950's morris oxford by any other name. why they chose to adopt this particular car as their daily runaround remains a mystery. we were trying to get past another taxi (into 'cleaner air' maybe) but it was trying to overtake a rickshaw, which, in itself was overtaking a tram!!! a calamitious occasion if ever there was one. the oncoming traffic seemed to be the merest of inconveniences to any of them. this is the thing about the indian traffic system. you've come across faster traffic and more volumous traffic but none of them drive with the aggression of these guys. plumes of smoke kicked out of them, constantly choking up the city. kolkata has the dubious honour (along with beijing) of having one of the worst air qualities in the world. infact, it makes beijing look positively spotless! if you ever had any doubts about the air quality here in kolkata, just have a little excavation of your nose at the end of the day and see how much black stuff comes out.i'd asked my driver to take me to the indian museum nearby. quite often in touristy areas, if you so much as mention these popular streets to a taxi-driver, they'll slap another 30% on top of your fare. i arrived at the hotel and then shown to my dorm. i realised now that hotel himilay was a really nice place to stay in. after all, it had room service, it had cable tv, it had wi-fi and hot showers but it was over a 1,000rp per night. today i found myself in hotel paragorn. the dorm bed was thin and hard, the shower is a bucket and ladle but it's a tenth of the price! i'd put my bag in, taken all that was of value with me and headed out for something to eat with a bunch of japanese people in my room.mikie is sweet. she looks at you with these big, brown attentative eyes and when she's happy she slaps her hands together excitedly like she is a child. it's an endearing trait that i remembered from japan. there was also tom and one more person – his name i never did learn. together we sought out breakfast.sam from the blue sky cafe is a charming character. you've all met someone like him before. he's friendly and funny with a machine gun rappore. during my time there i heard him speak fluent spanish, english and he teased the japanese with a handful of words too...... his indian isn't so bad either! there was an excellent menu of, albeit, familiar meals with just a dash of indian cuisine. at almost any time of every day you'll find it full of westerners. i found myself there every morning, such is my wont of a breakfast that doesn't come with capsicum. the special muesli, for instance, is very special indeed. i'm not entirely sure what is in it but it tasted good, filled me up and i didn't find myself rushing to the toilet and losing copious amounts of fluids (despite some of the longer residents at paragorn complaining of food poisoning there, i never had a problem). the décor is very 80's with it's bold, garish geometrical patterns and it's chrome and glass seating. lastly, it had air-con...... well, a sort of air-con – it might just be big fans. either way it made a nice place to crash when the heat of the day became too much to bear. two german girls who had been working in india for 8 months assured me that all the things that i'd read in my guidebook were hugely over-inflated. yes – use a mosquito net, yes – use repellent but don't go overboard – it's just not worth it.the four of us decided to go to 'mother house'. this was mother teresa's residence in kolkata and now turned into a museum and remembance room for her. i remember mother teresa dying back in 1997. it was about a month after the princess diana crash and while the papers raged on and on about that for weeks, mother teresa got maybe a couple of inches in the typical red-tab press. it seemed such a misproportion. you looked around here and saw all the good work that she'd done against ridiculous and pitiful conditions. her devotion, her questioning and her conversations with god were touching. i've rarely considered myself religious but i'll always be thankful for people like her in the world. a big draw about the place though is the volunteer effort. mikie – a nurse back in tokyo – wanted to stay there for a week helping out. anyone can do it and the tasks are very menial and i'm divided over this in a very big way.this is the thing: volunteering sounds like a wonderful thing to do but i have a problem with it. do i want to do it because i want to help people or do i want to do it so that i can say that i'd done it? it's that whole corrupted virtue thing again. my primary concern should be to help the people but i'm not sure it is – my reasons were more selfish – more of something interesting and different to write about. i know that, either way, both parties got what they wanted and neither were a bad thing but it still sat uncomfortably with me. the other thing is, i'm an atheist (i may as well admit it) and if i'm to do it at all i'd like to think that i'm doing it without the order of a higher power. this is all done in the name of the lord jesus christ and i don't want that. i should want to help people because i want to help people and that grinded a little also. i imagined that if i did do this then i'd feel good about helping the people, write about helping the people and probably even photographing the people but not really being concerned about the people i'm helping. sometimes i think that these are thoughts that i should be keeping to myself but at least i'm being as honest as i can about it. finally, a huge and ridiculous oversight no my part. i cannot, cannot go into the house of mother teresa with an iron maiden t-shirt on with 'eddie' busting out of a coffin and the slogan 'no prayer for the dying' underneath it. if there was a more inappropriate design for the occasion, i'd like to see it. in the long run, i'd decided against it..... for now. i know that the likelihood of the next couple of days took me to darjeeling and at some point i'll be passing through kolkata again. we'll see then. the chai wallah on the corner sits on a wooden platform, cross-legged making tea for hours on end. he boiled the sweet milk, thew in a couple of handfuls of tea and spices into a saucepan, strained it through the nastiest looking piece of cloth you ever did see and you think it's going to taste awful but it's not – it's the nicest, sweetest tea you've ever had in your life!! it's served to you in roughly cast clay cups. they barely have the dust rubbed out of them and then you sit on the street with friends or take them back to the hostel and enjoy them there. it became an essential part of every day, several times a day and it is one of the favourite memories that i'll take away from there.it's funny; the poverty here continued to impress – or maybe that should be disappoint. i went out one day 'sightseeing'. don't get me wrong – this isn't the typical sightseeing. in kolkata, sightseeing is best when you just walk around the streets and observe life here. it's difficult sometimes though. i wanted to capture some of what i was seeing but i didn't know how. everything that i pulled out was an unconscious display of wealth. my camera could feed them for a month, the watch for a month, the mp4 player for a week - my water bottle attracted envious glances ffs! even if they aren't thinking in these terms, i was. and yet everything i saw and found inspired me to tell this story just a little better than what i normally would..... if only i knew how to represent it at all.after a while you become braver. a friend once told me 'take photos first – apologise second'. it's harsh and borders on the invasion of privacy but i gave it a go all the same. to my surprise and delight, people loved to be photographed. well, some did – namely the kids (as always) but surprisingly, the men too. it was the perfect opportunity for them to perfect that 'bollywood' pose that they had clearly spent a long time working upon. typically you avoid people posing for photographs but this took it one step further; it parodied people posing for photographs....... they just didn't know it. it was gold to me. you avoided photographing beggars. they will want something for it and will follow you relentlessly. if you do it at all – you'd better have a good telephoto.despite the surly staff, the worn-out matresses and fidgety geckos, running about with cockroaches in their mouths, hotel paragorn is a remarkably good place to be. this is no shrewd move on the owners part, let me make that clear. instead, i think it's the power of the guide books. they call it 'travellers favourite' and 'backpacker friendly' so people from far and wide come here. the courtyard is a marvellous meeting place. a relaxed haven away from all the madness with it's 'shade trap'. some patio furniture provided the barest of essentials. most people tended to just sit outside their dormitories on the step. indeed, i believe i'd spent about half my waking hours sitting outside on those steps for my entire stay there. plus anyone wishing to enter or exit had to pass through this courtyard encouraging the whole 'hi, how are you' conversation and by evening time, everyone retired to the roof terrace to talk about their day. in short, it helped people mix and that is never a bad thing. despite it's appearance, it retained a certain charm about itself. all this – remember - is entirely deserving of the guests and not of the management in any way. if they only knew what they had here, they could turn it into something really specialwhile the bengali's will claim that kolkata's poverty is no worse than, say, mumbai or delhi's, you can't help but notice the amount of begging in the street. it starts with toddlers, being carried around by mothers just asking for 'milk for baby, milk for baby'. that then escalates to the little boys and girls with the doe eyes who gently tug at the hem of your t-shirt or try to grab your hand. the amputees are always difficult to walk past in any country but in india, where more grotesque the mutilation would fetch a bigger daily 'wage', there were some truly disturbing deformities out there. finally, there are the pensioners. walking skeletons who no longer cared who or how much was given to them. it's a 'career' that they've had most of their lives and i imagined death would be an easy way out for some. don't be fooled – the vast majority of these people are professional beggars! there is a two-page information sheet at the retreats explaining why you shouldn't give to them and i was very happy to oblige.my last day here started early. andrea from seattle wanted to attend the 'laughing yoga' in rabindra sarobar and i was intrigued by it all. it was an early start. a problem i managed to overcome by never falling to sleep in the first place but it was a worthwhile trip, just to find that this place existed. clearly in a more middle class environment, we could walk around the park and see joggers, yoga practitioners, people walking dogs and really using the park. even if we didn't find what we were looking for we had a wonderful walk around the lake during sunrise and then carried on talking over breakfast. we'd hatched a plan together to travel to darjeeling that night, if nothing else just to share the cost of a cab.my plan of just spending a day (or half day) photographing people, events, sights finally hit fruition. i wandered up a few favourite streets that i'd found during my stay and snapped away once more. the kids giggled and pushed to get infront of the lens and the guys struck startlingly accurate poses from their favourite bollywood films. i drifted towards park street where all the bars were. this is supposed to be kolkata's 'park avenue' but it was busy with people rushing to regular jobs and the streets were noisy and clogged with traffic. compared to the backstreets, it was just plain dull. i ended my time on a familiar step in a now familiar hostel talking to familiar faces. it's a lively community at hotel paragorn and i was sorry to leave it behind but leave it we must. with time for one final photograph, myself and andrea left for sealdah station and, eventually, darjeeling. (*something to believe in - poison)





posted by



elllvieee




at

1:25 pm



























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers
























blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(1)





        ▼ 
      



august

(1)

india – kolkatadrove by the homeless sleeping ...










about me





elllvieee


see: the story so far.... the very first entry.

view my complete profile











































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























