


discover, share, create: austin armor builders society



























portal home

                |

			
			  
		



			 
		

austin armor builders society portal










					 home 
				
					 meetings 
				
					 newsletter 
				
					 articles 
				
					 reviews 
				
					 gallery 
				
					 chris de haven 
				
					 shows 
				














                                     
                                


account login

email:



password:



remember login















never forget



















welcome to the austin armor builders society portal




















the austin armor builders society portal allows society members to gather and share information on building scale armor and figure kits.  the austin armor builders society has been in existence since 1997 and has around 30 members.  austin armor builders society is the home of the regional ampscentex show that is held every other october.
            


if you would like to become a member or you are a member in good standing and want access then send an e-mail requesting access to information.


a techincal note: this website is best viewed with a screen resolution of 1024x768 pixels or higher.














news and features


















celebrating 25 years of aabs

                            austin armor builder society are now celebrating 25 armor vehicle building years together! as a community, it goes without saying that we are incredibly proud of what we have achieved. we have had the opportunity to showcase our skills with numerous communities and have received tremendous support from all quarters. the work continues with more
                            special events and workshops, including a special surprise at the amps centex show in october - we hope to see you there!
                        







the social side of aabs

                            the armor-building community is small but dedicated. we went from zero to thirty members strong and have built a solid foundation on which future enthusiasts can build to their heart's content! we make sure to arrange regular meetups with members and also work on planning workshops that help new entrants to the arena of armor building. the aabs community is like a second family to many of us who all share a passion for hardcore armor modeling!
                        







benefits of joining aabs

                            the only question you will ever be asked in aabs is, "are you passionate about armor building?" that's it! this is a community where people leave all their differences at the door and only focus on the art of armor building. the benefit for new joiners is the mountain of tutorials and materials our community has managed to collect and curate over a period of two and a half decades. we are always looking for members who are enthusiastic about their armor building but who are also able to take constructive criticism about their models.
                        







showcasing member achievements

                            if there's one thing we are guilty of as an armor-building community, it's being partial to our aabs members! we're incredibly enthusiastic about this community, and we can't help it! as a member, you can showcase your creations to a crowd of people who are always supportive and help you to do better. as a bonus, we also feature accurate and detailed builds in our newsletter. extremely good models also have a chance to make it to our youtube channel, which helps you gain more recognition, especially from other like-minded communities.
                        







armor vehicle modeling

                            for our aabs community, armor vehicle modeling is an artistic and rewarding pursuit. it holds unparalleled joy, and most of us just can't get enough of it! we love the effort and focus required to recreate an authentic model of an m48 patton tank in painstaking detail, complete with weathered effects. and the best part is that all of our members are helpful. this can help you get even better at modeling your next modeling masterpiece!
                        







supporting our community partners

                            we are super friendly and approachable at aabs! we take the time to work with other communities around in the city to build a strong and productive relationship with them. in the long run, these types of interactions result in a unique kinship that is hard to recreate. at the end of the day, we as a community are about bringing the love of armor building to a wider audience so they can experience it through our eyes for themselves! 
                        










            restored stug iii ausf. g
        


            there was a surprise to many of us modelers who went to brent mullin's open house near top austin seo in april 2009. 
   
           
        



















614 s 1st st, austin, tx 78704, usa






newsletter















the february 2014 newsletter sabot away! has been e-mailed out to the members and has been posted on the newsletter page.


the featured articles are:


club auction by roderick bell.














                                     
                                








