







home - envirosafefoam.com



























































	skip to content







 


 
508-248-4600



 
info@envirosafefoam.com



 
mon - fri: 8:00 - 5:00










 


facebook-f
 



instagram
 



youtube
 














  







 
home
spray foam
about
faq
contact us
 

 menu


home
spray foam
about
faq
contact us
 
























 










 






















while working on the crew, evan learned the values of working hard, serving others, ethical business practices, and building meaningful relationships…” 



 







spray foaminsulationworcester, ma 


















 enviro safe foam insulation company was established in 1997 by evan’s father, michael pelletier. michael was a custom home builder that created this spray foam company because he was looking for a better way to create an air seal in a homes building envelope and to create a healthier living environment within the home. he was one of the 1st spray foam insulation contractors in the state of massachusetts.  evan started learning about spray foam insulation at a very young age. he remembers going to all the icynene training classes with his dad in calgary, canada. evan started working on the spray foam crew when he was 15 years old. while working on the crew, he learned the values of working hard, serving others, ethical business practices, and building meaningful relationships. in 2016, michael retired and evan took over ownership and now serves the greater worcester and boston areas. 
















































the safe choice
for all yourinsulationneeds 


























 







closed cell spray foam provides an air tight seal and vapor barrier. 



as a multi-generational business serving worcester and surrounding areas, we often hear from people who believe spray foam insulation is a new product. the fact is that polyurethane foam has been around since the late 1930’s. while it’s not new, it is definitely considered to be a premium product, out performing other insulation types in not only r-value per inch of thickness but also in the fact that our 2lb closed cell spray foam insulation creates an airtight seal and vapor barrier.traditional insulation systems like batt and poly and blown in cellulose  insulation rely on an added vapor barrier sheet that is difficult to install in some places and can be easily punctured and cut. 






















customers reviews 







 
i was lucky enough work alongside evan on a recent job. his attention to detail and knowledge of insulation products is unparalleled with other insulation companies i've worked with in the past. if you're looking for quality work by a contractor who has the most integrity, enviro safe foam insulation will be the best choice. i would recommend this company to anyone!



 

colony insulation
contractor













extremely knowledgeable. great coordination! professional service from estimate through execution! very pleased!



 

todd bolton
homeowner













very impressed with the spray faom process from start to finish. from all the good information at the time of the estimate, to booking my job and then having it completed in a timely fashion. we will definitely be using enviro safe insulation for any future projects.



 

macie lockhart
homeowner




















protect your investment. 



we all love to focus our attention on our homes interior. granite counters, new flooring etc. but often people are not informed that what is within your walls protects the whole investment. a failed or flawed insulation system can create cold spaces that we don’t like to use but worse still it can cause condensation issues that can lead to rot and mold growth.whether you are creating an addition, renovating your home/project or building new, enviro safe foam insulation company will help you protect your investment. 











 







 











 







 



























frequently asked questions 











does spray foam leave an odor? 



properly applied open and closed cell spray foam insulation will have no odor or detectable voc’s after 24 hours. 



























what is r-value? 



r-value refers to the ability to prevent the flow of heat. in other words, the r-value indicates how effective a material will be at insulating an area. as such, it’s unsurprising that this question is at the top of people’s minds when determining if spray foam insulation is a good fit for their home or building. many people will be pleased to know that spray foam insulation has the highest r-values of any insulation material. the r-value of closed cell spray foam insulation is around 6.5 to 7 per inch, and the r-value of open cell spray foam insulation is around 3.8 per inch. to provide some perspective, blown-in cellulose insulation has an r-value of around 2.2 to 2.7 per inch.  



























does my drywall need to be removed to do spray foam? 



yes. while some products have existed that could be applied through drilled holes, they did not address vapor barrier concerns and often could cause more issues. 



































stay in touch 



subscribe to our newsletter for energy saving tips. 



 







								email							







subscribe




















facebook





twitter





google-plus





pinterest











facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 






copyright 2023. all rights reserved. 

























