






play blue max boardgame online or challenge other players at different wargames.








 
login or register loginuser name password remember me register...forgot password?main menuhomeyour gamesyour profileforumgames creditslinks donatefaq
 leaguesleague indexhow to playleagues people playstatistics
 gonzagaplay gonzagahow to playgames people playstatistics
 blue maxplay blue maxhow to playplanes & combat chartsscenarios listgames people playstatisticstactical advicethe big planes race
 cartagenaplay cartagenahow to playgames people playstatistics
 wooden ships...play wooden ships...how to playgames people playstatisticsnewbies' guide
 king me!play king me!how to playgames people playstatistics
 vampiringplay vampiringhow to playgames people playstatistics

what you can find here

this site is dedicated to online gaming. here you can play online with other
users at many famous board games. just register
and the fun immediately starts. once registered, you can start a new game or subscribe to open games, if any. when a session reach the correct number of subscribers,
the online game starts.
if you don't see a open game to subscribe to, don't be shy, start your own game. you'll find hundreds of other players happy to play!

you'll be informed about this via mail and you'll also receive a mail notification every time it is your turn to move.
you are free to make your move immediately or wait up to a week to do your move, but please don't let too much time pass... the other players are waiting you. 


play gonzaga
play blue max
play cartagena
play viva il re! king me!
play wooden ships and iron men
play vampiring

newsdecember 10th 2024: wishing you a great holiday season!hi everyone!
i hope you are all doing well and enjoying this holiday season. i wish each of you the greatest of success and good fortune (both on you play it and in rl) in 2025! 

 


have fun!electro

facebook group here:
www.facebook.com/groups/575849002897254<show previous newsgames you can play



vampiring: give yourself up the dark world of vampires and try an
exciting adventure of monstrous metamorphosis and bloody fights! this original
game, created and designed specially for our website, allows 2/4 players
to lead a family of three thirsty vampires. they'll move round among ancestral
castles, obscure forests, gloomy caves, ruined towers and fearful graveyards
hunting for each others. who will be able to presage enemies' transfigurations?
who will succeed in anticipate their moves? who will ambush the opponent
vampires to suck them the last drop of blood?
go to the illustrated rules and learn the easy but subtle laws that
govern the world of vampiring. there are two versions of the game to assure
different strategy levels: in the "castle" way players can ensure their vampires
into their own homes; in the "mansion" one vampires are safe only in the shade
of the great cross... take heart and try this quaking venture!

   




s.e.5a

stability

engine

wings

fuel



allied
a






armament

tail

fuselage


2 f




blue max:
      each player pilots a wwi airplane in a dogfight. each plane has a
      maneuver sheet showing which ones it is allowed to do; some maneuvers
      are "restricted" in the sense that they can't be repeated from one
      turn to the next (the plane would stall). 
      you get to shoot ahead. damage is rolled on a table that determines
      severity in terms of blue and red hits; you then draw the indicated number
      of coloured chits. hits are taken to the wings, tail, engine,
      etc.fuel eventually runs out and the pilots fly off to meet another day
      (if they survived).
this is a lot of fun with a lot of different scenarios and
      massive numbers of players.
      fly to the game rules,
      and full throttle here to play it!.
   



cartagena:
   this game tries to reproduce a famous 1672 jailbreak of about 30 pirates
   from the supposedly impregnable fortress of cartagena. it is said that not
   long after this astounding escape, a game celebrating it became popular in
   the pirate coves of the caribbean; and that a faster, more chance oriented
   version was played in jamaica, while a slower, more skill-oriented one was
   played on tortuga island.
which is why in this game, too, we offer two ways
   of playing: a "jamaica way" in which chance plays more of a role and a
   "tortuga way" based mainly on skill. as explained in
   the rules, the
   difference between the two versions is only in the layout and handling of
   the cards.
   what are you waiting for? free your six pirates! try
   this thrilling experience!
   



king me!:
   the enlightened monarch vladimiro miritiro, tired of reigning, has decided to
   choose his successor among his subjects. the players are helping him in this
   decision, by advising their favourites and trying to crown one of them as the
   new king. help your favourites characters climb to the highest levels
   of the castle, and to try to crown one of them as the new king. as usual, everything is
   explained in the rules.
   try king me! now.
   




give us some feedback

      we are working hard to give you an always better site. new ideas are welcome, so please give us your opinion.
      write us for suggestions or special requests at: gamemaster@youplay.it or post a message in the
      forum

last subscribers
fromusersince
eldritchsalad3days 22h hyperversum3days 22h tutatis4days 8h 
all trademarks or tradenames used in this web site are the property of their respective owners.material may not be republished, nor may content or images be mirrored on another server without  written permission. 
page generated in: 12.5 milliseconds.