





a contemporary art museum in downtown san josé.





























































 
 
visitexhibitionscurrentupcomingpast closeprogramslibrarymembershipsgivedonate to the icathe david pace legacy fund close

 skip to main content skip to footerinstitute of contemporary art san joséa contemporary art museum in downtown san josé.home






blood be water opening receptionblood be water opening reception march 22, 2025 | 5:00 pm – 9:00 pm join the institute of contemporary art san josé for an inspiring evening as we celebrate the opening of esteban raheem abdul raheem samayoa’s first institutional solo exhibition, blood be water. this exhibition reflects on the power of community as a form […]
read moreblood be water press releasefor immediate release press contacts: tachiya bryant tachiya@sjica.org february 3, 2025, san josé, ca – the ica san josé is pleased to announce blood be water, a solo exhibition by esteban raheem abdul raheem samayoa, a mexican-guatemalan artist based in oakland, ca. known for his profound exploration of cultural identity and personal heritage, samayoa’s debut […]
read morewho ‘am’ i without you?  “it is not as if an “i” exists independently over here and then simply loses a “you” over there, especially if the attachment to “you” is part of what composes who “i” am. if i lose you, under these conditions, then i not only mourn the loss, but i become inscrutable to myself. who […]
read moreesteban raheem abdul raheem samayoa: blood be wateresteban raheem abdul raheem samayoa: blood be water ica san josé march 22nd, 2025 – august 24, 2025 in his first solo institutional exhibition, blood be water, esteban raheem abdul raheem samayoa presents an immersive installation featuring new airbrushed paintings, charcoal drawings, oil pastels, and ceramics. drawing from muralism, street art, and latin american folk […]
read morecurator and artist tourcurator and artist tour saturday, january 18th | 10-12  p.m. join ica san jose for our second curator and artist tour of the current exhibition, allegedly the worst is behind us. curator and director of public programming, zoë latzer, will lead the tour, accompanied by artists livien yin, demetri broxton, arleene correa valencia. this event […]
read moreartist talk: trina michelle robinson and tricia rainwater in conversation with hakeem jefferson  and matthew villar mirandajanuary 23, 2025 |6-7 p.m. join us for a conversation with artists trina michelle robinson and tricia rainwater, alongside political scientist hakeem jefferson and curator matthew villar miranda. this panel dives into the profound ways art can reclaim silenced histories and offer pathways toward resilience and healing, as exemplified in allegedly the worst is behind […]
read more






volunteer




volunteer
would you like to volunteer for future events or workshops? email a staff member and get started!









join us




join us
if you’d like to support the ica, consider joining as a member or becoming part of our board. visit the member tab to explore the benefits of joining our family.





footer

 exhibitionscurrentupcomingpast




 about ica san josémission/visionenvironmental sustainabilityhistorystaffboardpress roomnote: the ica cannot accept proposals. anything that gets sent to us will not be returned.




 get involvedmembershipsupport uscareers/internships




 visit us


ica san josé
560 south first street
san jose, ca 95113 > map


    
subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required

your email address  *




first name 



last name 





    
    
    
    





 support

copyright  © 2025 institute of contemporary art san josé 

[feed_them_social cpt_id=610965]





























