







roman holiday music















































home


about us


our other acts





menu



specializing in italian, german & french ethnic entertainment






home


about us


our other acts









for a true italian grape stomp experience, the annual menghini winery grape stomp in julian california can’t be beat!each year in early september, there is a very special event that takes place in the verdant vineyards of the historic town of julian, located in the rolling hills an hour’s drive from san diego, california. it’s the menghini winery grape stomp festival, but a unique and decidedly authentic one, where the fresh grapes are rolled in, placed in large wooden vats, and young and old are invited to stomp the grapes while the roman holiday ensemble plays lively italian music. after the stomp, visitors are invited to stroll through the grounds and taste a variety of local wines and relax to the beautiful strains of italian music the band offers on stage throughout the afternoon.since a picture is worth 1,000 words, enjoy these images of the recent 2023 grape stomp (now in its 26th year) and mark your calendars for a visit in 2024. it’s a true taste of italy in the hills of southern california. 






































































































































































 



bring a traditional taste of bella italia to your italian festivalthe roman holiday ensemble has performed at countless festivals throughout the united states over the past two decades. from chicago to boston, from portland to florida (and many other venues in between), roman holiday has always been acclaimed at festivals across the nation for its lively and traditional italian productions. italian festival videosthe roman holiday ensemble wowed the crowd on october 9, 2016 at the san diego 22nd annual little italy italian festa. highlights included a colorful flag parade and an exciting main stage performance.21st  annual san diego little italy festa! roman holiday flag parade & performancessan diego sicilian festival



















need a bit of "la dolce vita" for your corporate event?roman holiday is well known among the nation's corporate event coordinators as a highly professional musical company. we work with planners every step of the way to create exactly the theme the client has envisioned. we are bonded and insured, and can perform in any variety of configurations for corporate groups. in addition to italian, we also offer german and french productions.corporate event videoscorporate event, pelican hill resort & spa, newport beach, californiacorporate event, pelican hill resort & spa, newport beach, california, italian show at sunset













salute your heritage: make your wedding simply unforgettableroman holiday has been in the business of creating unforgettable italian weddings for years. after all, we are the creators of the italian wedding cd, the nation's best-selling cd and "how-to" guide for planning a traditional italian wedding.trust us, if you add this italian element to your wedding, your guests will never forget the experience. your wedding will be special.....a salute to your heritage, as well as a unique wedding scenario that your friends and family will cherish-- we guarantee. contact us to discuss how we can add a traditional italian touch to your special day. we travel anywhere. we also perform for birthday and anniversary parties.italian wedding videositalian background music for an upscale garden weddingrustic italian wedding in the mountains of idaho













we're the perfect choice for your grape stomp or wine festivalnothing pairs better with wine than roman holiday's lively italian music. we've stomped grapes at festivals and events across the nation and encouraged audiences to hop in the barrel and do the same! our lively group will make any wine-related festival a huge success.grape stomp & wine festival videosroman holiday performs for the julian california italian grape stomp at menghini winery













roman holiday is right at home on stage and screenthe roman holiday ensemble has graced the stage for many a theatrical performance across the country.......and had some roles in major hollywood movies, including the classic film a walk in the clouds, the fourth tenor, and the pbs special, the meaning of food.  we'll travel anywhere to perform our magic on stage, or in film.our "chicken dance" recording was featured recently on the peanuts movie in a fun scene with snoopy dancing to our tune!scenes below are from the film a walk in the clouds, starring keanu reeves, with the roman holiday band on the set:


































 





















we are a perfect choice for themed fundraisers, car shows, and other special events if italian is the theme for a special event, we've got it covered. from car shows to fundraisers, italian product demos to cruise ship launches (and birthday and anniversary celebrations in between), be assured that roman holiday will make your special event a memorable one. we come in any configuration, from solo piano, duos, trios and our most popular contingent: our 7-piece band with 2 dancers.













      
        contact us
      
    


contact





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!






































