

























the national environmental education foundation | neef












      skip to main content
    














































header cta buttons


resources


stories


donate







main navigation


who we are


about neef


our impact


our values


board


staff


careers


reports and financials


news




what we do


k-12 education



greening stem projects


greening stem hub


climate superstars


environmental education resources




conservation



national public lands day


public lands engagement


restoration and resilience fund




health



pediatric asthma


climate and mental health


sunwise




grants



funding opportunities


grantees




employee engagement



research and best practices


projects and services




public campaigns



nhl, nba, and iheartearth psa campaigns






explore


resources


climate change


environmental education


health and environment


public lands engagement


sustainability


water


events




partner


become a partner


our partners




support us


donate


our impact




get connected


contact us


press room


sign up


































cultivating an environmentally responsible public
























we are the national environmental education foundation (neef)
neef is the nation’s leading organization in lifelong environmental learning, creating opportunities for people of all ages to experience and learn about the environment in ways that improve their lives and the health of the planet.











at a glance: trending topics











read more




how wildfire smoke affects asthma and what you can do to stay safe


learn how wildfire smoke impacts your health, and how you and your family can prepare.













read more




winter salt smarts


explore eco-friendly alternatives to road salt and learn how to safely manage winter conditions while...













read more




show your love for sustainability with these valentine’s day ideas


explore a sustainable valentine's day: from eco-friendly cards to thoughtful gifts, discover ways to celebrate...






















what sets us apart













image
 



our values
our core values guide our work, helping people connect with nature, improve lives, and protect the planet.
 
our values
 
 









image
 



partners
we build effective private-public partnerships that advance environmental education on our public lands.
 
meet our partners









image
 



our impact
neef raises $3 for every dollar of funding we receive from the national environmental education act.
 
see the numbers









image
 



grant support
we offer a variety of grants to help organizations improve the environment and engage their communities.
 
neef grants












 

who we are
congressionally chartered in 1990 as a 501(c)(3) non-profit to complement the work of the us environmental protection agency (epa), the national environmental education foundation (neef) is a non-partisan, non-advocacy organization working to make the environment more accessible, relevant, and connected to people’s daily lives.

learn about neef











explore our programs











 


k-12 education
diversifying the future stem workforce while building a youth conservation ethic







 


employee engagement
developing employee engagement campaigns to meet csr and esg goals









 


conservation
fostering a sense of stewardship through education and engagement on america's public lands







 


grants
offering a variety of grants to help organizations fulfill their mission to educate and improve the environment









 


health
providing resources and training for health professionals to address environmental impacts on health







 


public campaigns
creating memorable experiences to motivate individual commitments to positive action for the environment













news











read more




31st annual national public lands day brings conservation efforts to hundreds of sites across the country


on saturday, september 28, tens of thousands of people across the country joined together to restore and...













read more




national public lands day will unite thousands to conserve and celebrate across the us


on saturday, september 28, an estimated 45,000 volunteers nationwide will join on national public lands day...













read more




us national arboretum will host signature event for 2024 national public lands day


the 2024 national public lands day signature event will take place at the washington youth garden in the us...







more news







stories











read more




nature heals, veterans learn


at ease magazine highlights the veteran's and nature grant-funded signature event for national public lands...













read more




why is science communication important?


dr. heather leslie shares strategies that help researchers and scientists concisely and effectively share the...













read more




nature lovers say “i do” to a wedding on national public lands day


a virginia couple took their love of volunteering on public lands to the next level by getting married on...







more stories






















connect to the environment
sign up for our monthly newsletter, filled with practical information and tips on environmental education, health and wellness, and conservation, delivered directly to your inbox.











help us make the environment accessible, relevant, and connected to people's daily lives to inspire empathy and connection to the natural world.


donate








additional resources for...


nonprofits


teachers


companies


health professionals


the press


conservationists


search stories in spanish (busca artículos en español)












































contact us    |    202-833-2933




copyright


copyright ⓒ 


nondiscrimination statement


eoe/m/f/d/v


neef and your privacy


terms of use


disclosures










national environmental education foundation1730 rhode island avenue nw, suite 401washington, dc 20036
  




















