





rancocas valley regional high school




























 




accessibility tool bar



compact layout
font size
saturation
contrast
reset








rancocas valley regional high school











google translate









rancocas valley regional high school logo
rancocas valley regional high school
rvrhs pride




»home+district»board of education»business office»educator evaluation»employment opportunities»facilities requests»staff directory»superintendent's message»safe return plan for 2024-2025»remote learning plan»public media+about us»administration»school profile»diversity & equity»history of the school»rv pride»middle states»referendum update»photo album»video collection»rvtv»departments+academics»curriculum»gifted & talented»flip program»graduation requirements»program of studies»project lead the way»njrotc»school performance report»state testing»summer coursework»tutorial+students»abuse hotline»genesis student portal»replace id card»student tech support»policies & procedures»student handbook»school store»senior trip information»student activities»student email»working papers»wellness+parents»affirmative action»attendance office»child study team»deans of students»drug & alcohol resources»title 1»genesis parent access info»genesis parent access login»ir&s process»registration/student info changes»nurse's office»project graduation»school lunch»student activities fee»wetip+faculty»human resources portal»professional development opportunities»staff resources+alumni»diploma request»rv alumni association»rv veterans war memorial»special events»vip recognition»transcripts»contact us












skip to content
skip to menu



















rv-preprv-prep

genesisgenesis

librarylibrary
guidanceguidance
athleticsathletics
documentsdocuments


calendarcalendar
1:world1:world



 











mental health resources
rv events and tickets




upcoming events












feb
18





								boe work session & regular action meeting
								


time:

								5:30 pm 
								
								 - 9:00 pm


location:
work session at 5:30pm in superintendent's conference room at rv annex
regular action meeting at 7pm in board/pd room #9 at rv annex
								





feb
19





								realtor coffee klatch
								


time:

								8:00 am 
								
								 - 10:30 am






feb
21





								rv's got talent show 
								


time:

								7:00 pm 
								
								 - 9:00 pm


location:
									pac
								





feb
23





								black history month
								






feb
26





								western burlington county honors band concert
								


time:

								7:00 pm 
								
								 - 9:00 pm


location:
									pac
								





mar
2





								irish american heritage month
								





								women’s history month
								






mar
4





								senior trip
								






mar
5





								senior trip
								





show calendar
show all






rvtv


inklings magazine
school tour
non-resident tuition program






eastampton school district



hainesport school district



lumberton township school district



mount holly school district



westampton school district






rv budget & goals
hib grade report
anti-bullying reporting





















news & announcements






welcome to rv high school






february students of the month




					
				
					
				
									
				
					congratulations to the february students-of-the-month: 12th grade–lukas pechin, 11th grade–rhyann roseboro, 10th grade–brooklyn durning, and 9th grade–josiah cohen. students were honored at the board of education meeting following a breakfast with the principal and the nominating faculty and staff members.





rvrhs celebrates black history month




					
				
					
				
									
				
					throughout february, our calendar (click on link after news item) will showcase a variety of events, sessions, music, videos, and readings celebrating black history month. the president in his proclamation noted that, "throughout our history, black americans have been among our country’s most consequential leaders, shaping the cultural and political destiny of our nation in profound ways."





nicky's run t-shirt design contest			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					the nicky green foundation is calling for submissions for a t-short design for the 13th annual 5k run and family fun walk. the design must be 8 x 12 inches in black & white. the event is scheduled for june 14th. the winner will have their design printed on the run’s t-shirt along with free entry into the race or walk and a $25 gift certificate to wawa. email your design by march 31st for patgphan@gmail.com and include your name and phone number.





pride builds rv graduates			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					watch our 11th in our series of videos on pride builds rv graduates.





an invitation to grandparents' day




					
				
					
				
									
				
					rancocas valley’s annual grandparents' day will be held on tuesday, april 8th from 8:15am-9:45am. you and your grandparent(s) are invited to attend a free breakfast and a welcome reception beginning at 8:15am. optional guided tours of the first floor of the building will be available for grandparents. you must register your grandparents by completing the online form (click link after this news item) by no later than 3pm on march 28th. you will need your grandparent's email address and phone number to complete the registration form. due to the limited number of seats available in the cafeteria, no walk-ins will be allowed for this event.





online application for project lead the way (pltw) for 2025-2026 school year




					
				
					
				
									
				
					online application for project lead the way (pltw) for 2025-2026 school year is now open. project lead the way (pltw) pathway to engineering™ program offers a dynamic curriculum where students experience real-world hands-on learning. rv students interested in pursuing a career in engineering, biomechanics, aeronautics, or another applied math/science area are encouraged to participate in the pltw program. the rv pltw program was nationally certified in may 2014. pltw pathway to engineering™ is a four-year course of study combining our current math and science honors/ ap level courses with pltw electives. ​​​​​​​application closes on march 1, 2025 at 5pm. students must view pltw video before completing application. click on the link for the application.





junior prom




					
				
					
				
									
				
					the junior prom will be held on friday, april 11th from 7pm-11pm at the collingswood ballroom, 315 white horse pike, collingswood, nj 08107.  junior prom tickets will go on sale beginning thursday, february 20th, through monday, february 24th. tickets may be purchased during tutorial or lunches in the student activities office.  students must have their student id and signed contract in order to purchase a ticket.  students must also be in good standing and free of any fines in order to purchase a ticket. tickets are first come, first served.  the cost of the ticket will be $75.00 per person. please review the attached documents.





senior yard signs			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					celebrate your senior - order your senior yard sign today!  complete the attached order form and return it by march 12th to celebrate your graduate.  all signs will be distributed when seniors pick-up their graduation caps and gowns in may.  yard signs can be personalized with the student’s first name too!  order yours today and don’t miss out.





5th annual juneteenth celebration




					
				
					
				
									
				
					the rv black student union invites you to join us at our 5th annual juneteenth celebration on friday, june 6 from 5-9pm at the red devils plaza. vendors and local businesses can sign up to vend at our event and get more information on our celebration by visiting our juneteenth website. please contact mrs. sarah sherman, advisor for the bsu, at ssherman@rvrhs.com for more information.





pay activity fee online			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					rancocas valley school district is pleased to offer pfi to our parents to pay for the student athletic/activity fee in addition to student lunch accounts beginning august 1st for the 2024-25 school year.





care solace




					
				
					
				
									
				
					rvrhs is committed to the well-being of our students, staff, and families and have partnered with care solace to help individuals find mental health care providers and substance use treatment centers. the care companion team is available 24/7 to quickly connect you to carefully verified providers in your community. you can contact your school counselor or case manager for more information. call 888-515-0595 or go to www.caresolace.com/rancocas to start the process.





join the superintendent for lunch & learn




					
				
					
				
									
				
					students who would like to join dr. heilig for an upcoming lunch & learn with the superintendent, please click on the link following this announcement to be considered for an invitation.





student registration			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					in order to attend rancocas valley regional high school, you must reside within one of our five sending districts of eastampton, hainesport, lumberton, mount holly or westampton. beginning in the 2024-2025 school year, rvrhs will accept a limited number of students residing outside of the district on a tuition-basis. rvrhs does not participate in the public school choice program. please click on the link following this announcement to visit the registration page. please read all directions carefully for completing and submitting the required form and documentation.



 
show all









mission statement
 

						the rancocas valley regional high school district, 
						an innovative, diverse and caring learning community 
						with invested stakeholders, empowers every learner 
						to achieve personal growth and educational success 
						to become contributing, resilient, and well-rounded individuals.
					








pride builds rv graduates





allaire morgan - class of 2018





















address
         520 jacksonville road, mt. holly, nj 08060 
    


phone (609) 267-0830
    
fax directory

facebook
rancocas valley regional high school

rancocas valley regional high school
twitter
terms of service

powered by educational networks 























