















geller world!














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






geller world!



"i shall be telling this with a sigh
somewhere ages and ages hence:
two roads diverged in a wood, and i--
i took the one less traveled by,
and that has made all the difference."
- excerpts from robert frost's road not taken












sunday, march 22, 2009







setting a lighter view of my life at 28...





it is a sunday and the first thing that pops into my head is -- "should i purchase that prada bag i lusted for in paragon (mall) last night?". these days, i have been educating myself with stuff at the higher spectrum of fashion -- the luxurious indulgences of the cosmopolitan woman from bags, shoes, clothes, jewelries, accessories and make-ups. i have bought at least 3 fashion magazines a month, subscribed to a purse forum, visit the malls every week and read as much as i can about the season's collections and the timeless style must-have's. but these somewhat pleasure-seaking endeavors have served a purpose in my workaholic existence. they are some of the ways i cope with the stress and pressure from my job at the investment bank (which i still love until this time for giving me the means to fuel my brain and to sustain my comfortable lifestyle).as of this time, here is my wishlist:1) a black prada leather tote bag2) a pair of jimmy choo seattle strappy sandals3) a pair of black louboutin high-heeled pumps4) a white tod's restyled 'd' bag5) a white bottega oxford booties6) a tiffany 1-carat princess cut diamond pendant7) a cartier mini love ring in white or yellow gold8) a two-toned cartier santos women's watch or a patek aquanaut men's watch9) a classic burberry khaki trench coat10) a louis vuitton hard-sided cosmetic caseof course, they will remain as a wishlist at the moment as there will always be a guilty part of me, the conscience maybe, that will always remind me that there are more people who will benefit more on the money spent on these luxuries. i, on the other hand, have not found a way to give back to the society.seriously, being single and living a contented life at 28 is not anymore about having what i want (though you can more or less afford an indulgence once in a while). it has become a journey to becoming 'the more' of what i am right now with the resources (money, talent, job opportunities, bunch of loved ones and friends above all) at hand. for now, most of my responsibilities are still focused on myself -- improving my skills and learning as much as i can in my chosen field, enjoying my vacations with my family, rewarding myself with a shopping spree occassionally, and dreaming about how i can join the entertainment industry with an i.t. background...oooppppsss, that's another story. 





posted by



gela mae




at

9:15 am



2 comments:
  

























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






about me





gela mae


a workaholic in denial, a forever mother's girl, a pop culture fanatic, a fashionista wannabe, a caffeine addict, a food lover, a contented autistic (i have my own world 90% of the time)

view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2009

(1)





        ▼ 
      



march

(1)

setting a lighter view of my life at 28...












 










