










digital legends entertainment: 3d video games for mobile phones, smartphones and tablets






































press release
join us in building call of duty® warzone™ for mobile!
barcelona-based studio joins growing team of internal mobile studio resources

we are creating an all-new, aaa mobile experience that will bring the thrilling, fluid and large-scale action of call of duty®: warzone™ to players on the go.
join our growing, award-winning team of mobile veterans and emerging talent on this ambitious mission. we are seeking skilled operators in all aspects of game development. this large-scale, battle royale experience is being built natively for mobile with cutting-edge technology designed to entertain gamers around the world for many years to come.
from production roles to engineering, design, art, marketing, and more, we’re looking for game-makers, passionate fans, and genuinely awesome people to join our diverse team, inspired to deliver the next world-class mobile gaming experience to fans.
we have several incredible opportunities across multiple internal studios including solid state studios, beenox, digital legends and demonware.
click here for more details.











afterpulse
the pulse has changed everything.
the balance of power is unstable. world leaders are deploying elite squads and the time has come for you to enter the fray.
will you restore peace or ignite the largest world armed conflict in history?
 know more or get it free now:









the respawnables

                  halloween haunt! run, laugh and respawn!
                  join the fun with this trigger-happy, action packed, third person action game.
                  play offline or online for free for endless hours of fun!
                

see what we do



games showreel
watch digital legends's showreel featuring a selection of clips from our latest creations! this is what we do...
watch video



winners of red herring global award
digital legends entertainment is the proud winner of red herring global top 100 award to the most innovative companies worldwide.
see what we do









