





paul chek – paul chek is a world-renowned expert in the fields of corrective and high-performance exercise kinesiology, stress management, holistic wellness and integrative lifestyle management.































 



skip to content



 


search for:











toggle navigationhomeaboutspirit gymchek institutebookspodcastepisode collectionsall episodesblogeventscontactlog in 


search for:











 





homealdrin g2024-07-02t18:00:26-07:00 
paul chekspeaker & consultant | educator | author | inventorpaul has dedicated his life to optimizing the inner workings of human beings. whether physically, through corrective exercise and performance conditioning, mentally and emotionally through holistic lifestyle coaching, or spiritually by helping people find and live their legacy, his body of work combines research and wisdom from diverse fields of study.
his courses and books have helped hundreds of thousands of people improve their physical, mental, emotional and spiritual health, either directly or by working with one of his trained chek practitioners.
his latest work, spirit gym, is for those who have the courage to step outside of the limitations of this world to create more love, life and freedom in their lives.
find out more about spirit gymwho is paul chek?paul chek is a world-renowned expert in the fields of corrective and high-performance exercise kinesiology, stress management, holistic wellness and integrative lifestyle management.for over forty years, paul’s unique, integrated approach to coaching and education has changed the lives of many of his clients, his students and their clients. by treating the body as an integrated system of systems and finding the root cause of a problem, paul has been successful where traditional approaches have consistently failed.
author of numerous books, videos, personal and professional development courses, he is the founder of the chek institute, creator of spirit gym, and the host of the popular spirit gym with paul chek podcast.
learn more about meas seen inhow can i help you?coaching & mentoringspirit gym is paul’s coaching and mentoring program to help you find purpose and fulfillment, love that prospers, health that never wanes, and freedom that takes you further.
explore heretraining for health & fitness professionalsthe chek institute, founded by paul, offers a highly systematic and effective approach to holistic health for fitness and health professionals.
learn morebooks by paullearn from paul by reading his many books on holistic health, movement, sports conditioning and personal development.
order nowwhat paul’s students and clients say5 / 5
unlike saul (paul the apostle) which in my opinion twisted the true divine teachings and misguided many generations, paul chek is delivering a divine clear message through spirit gym, which can guide any individual with no spiritual background to the essence of divine wisdom. a profound read with a depth of wisdom which can transform your view towards yourself & the world that you are living in.
much love
yahuma, artist, poet, musiciani highly recommend paul’s work, especially this book, to all who are interested in self-evolution. paul provides both an essential introduction to health and wellness, as well as the opportunity to reach the highest levels of physical, mental, and spiritual evolution. paul has had a tremendously positive impact on my life, especially in stimulating me to “think bigger”—to consider greater opportunities on the path to my highest potential. i am fortunate to be able to call paul both a mentor and a friend.matt maruca, founder & ceo, ra opticspaul chek is a multi-dimensional man who shows up in my life as a teacher, mentor, guide, wise elder & shaman – i feel so honored for the depth of our friendship. paul challenges me to grow physically, mentally, emotionally & spiritually, providing reflections on various aspects of my personal journey, reflecting valuable insights from his life experience. paul has provided me resources of books to read, podcasts to review, individuals to connect with for growth or inspiration, exercises for my wife’s health, invitations to practice art & taught me to tap into the wisdom of my soul. paul continues to teach me a deeper level of integrating the many “separate” aspects of my life, to learn that they all merge into my highest expression of self.
thank you paul for your friendship and mentorship, i love you!dr. nick berry, essential oil wizardrypaul chek is a living legend, and living proof of the principles he espouses, covering all dimensions of health – physical, emotional and spiritual – in a manner unparalleled in this field. i cannot recommend paul’s work enough, and especially his latest contribution to the upliftment and betterment of anyone with the good sense to pick a copy up and read it!”sayer ji



 
 
at last – purpose and fulfillment can be yourspaul chek finally unveils his greatest creation!
discover his secret to your success with:spirit gymturn confusion into clarity
turn uncertainty into purpose 
turn unfulfillment into true freedom 
learn moreterms and conditions
privacy policy
x
other sitesspirit gym
chek institute
chek academy
chek connect

subscribe to the newsletter© copyright  2025 paul chek |  all rights reserved


 
 
page load link











































































 


go to top




