


air boat usa | everglades airboat tours in miami
































call us: 1.305.247.7469 (305-airshow)
 
 
 
 
 
 








home
about us
tours & prices
services
news
gallery
reviews
contact

online order













florida everglades air boat rides and air boat tours!  swamps! gators! birds and abundant wildlife! let air boat usa take you on a jungle adventure!
 


please note: private only your group only - no public low cost rides - only private!  bathrooms and snacks on location!
yes! we are open for you!  we are safe and clean as well!  ready for your family and or group!
we love and care about all of our guest, that become airboatusa family memembers and want your safety, as a...
read more



see our tours:






1.5 hr. private only!"getting started"


book
from $350.00


2 hr. private only!"world famous"


book
from $450.00


filming & photo"snap shots"


book
from $

 





all private only you  and your guest onboard the boat - first two guest included in base charter price - unlike other airboat tours which take you for a quick spin and then drop you off at the gift shop to spend more money, when we say our world-famous private safari is two hours long, we mean two full hours on the boat, not the gift shop or caged animal show.
you also get:- full money-back guarantee for weather/maintenance cancellation
-------
it's wild out there!
our airboat rides are real water safaris. you will:- see wild animals- enjoy beautiful landscapes and ecosystems- experience true swamp wilderness- revel in the glory of everglades national park read more

take a look at real experience








view gallery








people love airboatusa:


i went to miami with my best friend for spring break and we decided to do something out of our element. it was super duper fun! captain tim was amazing ! we went and another family was there with a dog. it made me super happy to know that you can take your animal. it made it feel very "homey" and i felt like i was with my family.

if you want to have fun, this is what you need to do !!!!

i give it 5 stars !

april 2016
ileana april 2016 varas




view all





only you and your guest on boat



wounded warriors
ride free - 1 per group











 post your review







 
 
 

 
											
												




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

											
												










about us
tours
services
news
gallery
reviews
contact
agents
view mobile site





connect with us:  1.305.247.7469 (305.airshow)
 
 
 

copyright © 2014-2015 airboat usa.






