    closet design & office design company in st. louis | newspace®           
 
 
 skip to main contenttwitter facebook pinterest linkedin youtube instagram flickr houzz (314) 423-3200about usour teamour processblognewspace – areas we servematerials & finishesprofessional organizationhome buildingcustom woodworkingbusiness interiorsoffice furniturearchitectural wallscommercial casework

  
menu    
closetswalk-in closetsreach-in closetswardrobe closetslinen closetsutility closetscloset galleryhome officeshome office inspirationhome office gallerygaragesgarage gallerypantriespantry gallerylaundry roomslaundry room gallerymurphy bedswall bed galleryother spacesmudrooms & lockersbookcases & displaysentertainment centersaccessoriesnewspace gallerybook appointment now!contact
close search
   
book a free consultation 
call us     the st. louis region’s premier closet design and office design companynewspace® is the premier closet design & office design company in st louis! our experienced design team uses their creativity to design and organize space for your wardrobe and lifestyle. newspace® is the one to trust to get your closet organized and done right the first time.learn more about newspace®   meet our skilled design team   materials and finisheswhat we docloset organization
view morehomeoffices
view moregarages+ flooring
view morepantryorganization
view morelaundryrooms
view moremurphywall beds
view moremudrooms & lockers
view morebookcases & displays
view moreentertainment centers
view morenursery storage
view morefurniture options
view more
get started with newspace®the newspace® home organization guaranteenewspace® uses the finest materials and craftsmanship to deliver our lifetime guarantee for as long as you own your home. we strongly believe in providing the best quality and price. our low price guarantee promises to meet or beat any competitor’s proposal. as always, newspace® doesn’t consider our st. louis home organization and office design services complete until you are 100% satisfied.i'm interested | contact newspace® today314-423-3200   |   1960 innerbelt business center dr., st. louis, mo 63114meet satisfied newspace® customers  & organized homes across st. louis
learn morewhat are your  st. louis neighbors
saying about newspace®?‘‘love the design. even though it was a small closet, elena treated me as if it was a huge design!’’~scott c.‘‘we are really enjoying the new organized space created in our master. it is wonderful to have space that is beautiful and functional!’’~maida and lan v.‘‘i wouldn’t go anywhere else for my organizational needs and lynn is a dream to work with!’’~lisa c.‘‘we love our new closets as they make our life so much easier!’’~carol and john r.‘‘the work is beautiful! these additions have made a huge impact on the storage capabilities of my condo!’’~kathryn m.‘‘everyday starts and ends in a very relaxing way when you can easily see what is in your closet- gregg at newspace helped us achieve this!’’~rebecca and james w.“jenny was fantastic! made it fun and i can’t wait for my next job! greg was great as well! the installers were clean, quick and efficient!”~gary g.“i was thrilled. denise is honest. she’s resourceful and she figures out what will work and what won’t she did a fantastic job!”~bill & karen m.“we had a wonderful experience working with larry reimelt. he was very helpful, thinking of everything and working with our schedule. the workman came in and finished the project in one day as promised. wonderful–a++++.”~paul & karen c.“excellent customer service, follow up and friendliness.”~peggy f.contact us today 1960 innerbelt business center drive  st. louis, missouri 63114 phone: 314-423-3200
showroom hours:
monday – friday 8:30 – 5:30
saturday by appointmentbusiness interiorssubscribe today!sign up to receive our special offers!  
© 2025 newspace®.  newspace®. all rights reserved.  st. louis internet marketing by the wsi grouptwitterfacebookpinterestlinkedinyoutubeinstagramflickrclose menu
 closetswalk-in closetsreach-in closetswardrobe closetslinen closetsutility closetscloset galleryhome officeshome office inspirationhome office gallerygaragesgarage gallerypantriespantry gallerylaundry roomslaundry room gallerymurphy bedswall bed galleryother spacesmudrooms & lockersbookcases & displaysentertainment centersaccessoriesnewspace gallerybook appointment now!contact(314) 423-3200about usour teamour processblognewspace – areas we servematerials & finishesprofessional organizationhome buildingcustom woodworkingbusiness interiorsoffice furniturearchitectural wallscommercial caseworktwitter facebook pinterest linkedin youtube instagram flickr houzz luxury closetluxury closetluxury closet                




