



hf - work hard, play harder! 


































 
 

 




























 
home



 
news



 
what's on



 
annual poll



 
photos



 
forums



 
djs



 
features



 
music



 
venues



 
reviews



 
links































			  upcoming events
		    








 









how do i get my event listed here ?



















			  next event finder







find the next available event by this promotion:

select promotion
  			alumni			b2t			cohesion			colours			contrast			defected in the house			frantic			fundamental			goodgreef			halcyon			hardcore til i die			hi-tek soul			just groove			lost dawn			magnetix			prime time			proactive			psy-n-tific			psymera			puzzle project			refre5h			riot			saturday sessions			slinky			smartie partie			spangulation			storm			sundaze			synergy project			the gallery			tidy			together			toolroom knights
			total mayhem			trade			trance sanctuary			trancelucid			transmission			twist
			
































insta
   - solarshift project





						banging trance is the order of the day on alter ego in the form of solarshift project's ode to social media. sort of. a banging track from start to finish, this is proper alter ego floor-destroying trance; not unlike their previous release by izzy & ...
						
						[read more]
						






more reviews:
cafe del mari'm ok (activa remix)resonance (protoculture remix)

















[quote : unquote]

			..those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities. 
, 
			
voltaire (1694 - 1778) 
















link to us







			if you would like to link to us from your website you can find suitable icons here





  









features

















 introducing nem3si$’s new label infinite resistance!
			written by jessica alici (23rd october, 2024)
 infinite resistance is a melodic house & techno label by artist nem3si$, founded in 2024; to provide an all-inclusive platform for new emerging talent and established artists alike. an artistic home for free-spirited souls who enjoy creating without boundaries and constrictions, who resist the pressure of society to relinquish individuality and conform to normality.  read on to learn more about the artists freshly signed to the label.
[full story]
		    



other recent features:  [more features]
  mindbenderz talk ‘lord of the rings’ and fishing, as well as the creation of their new album ‘celestial gateway’!
  iono-music artists one function, eliyahu, invisible reality and dual vision talk robert miles, kids, dogs and vinyl, while we chat about their current releases!
  luke&flex talk influences, the irish rave scene, why flex wears a mask and play hard, their new ep out now on onhcet repbulik xtreme!
  lyktum expands on his new album ‘home’ – talking about his love of storytelling, creating new harmonies and the concept behind his musical works.
  pan talks getting caught short crossing the sahara, acid eyeballs and tells us trance is the answer, plus shares his thoughts on his latest release 'beyond the horizon' - all from a beach in spain!



















music

















			written by  (1st january, 1970)

[full story]
		    



other recent music:  [more music]



















news


















			reported by  (1st january, 1970)

[full story]
		    

 [more news] - [submit your news]




















photos















harderfaster photosets
members photosets






















chat forums
most recent topics - to see all the forums click here - to see today's active threads click here



















thread title




last poster





pleasuredome nye 2009 @ fantasy island, skegness - 12 arenas!!!


coinflip




best cryptocurrency recovery company - go to omega crypto recovery specialist hacker


klanbulat




 cryptocurrency tracing and recovery | hire a hacker for crypto recovery


klanbulat




understanding betting odds: a guide for beginners


humza




discover selfspark: your ultimate personal growth destination


jojikennn




maintenance janitorial services: the backbone of a clean and healthy


jamesseo




the most unbelievable betting upsets of all time


humza




wellhealthorganic surgery for wrist and ankle injuries


watson




bet88 - nhà cái cá c??c hàng ??u châu á


kitawi9820




the art of interview video production: how to make your subject shine


humza




the ultimate mobile betting experience


seoexpet




the best online casinos for high rollers


amys




how to play kick the buddy game


owaisseo




limbo


sammoor




jb saeed


nilexa




bet88 - ??a ch? cá c??c tr?c tuy?n uy tín hàng ??u


kitawi9820




unleashing output: come across 30,000+ ai apps in order to reinvent ones


kache.mace




trendy and edgy: the short mullet haircut


asnaya




understanding the differences between var let and const in javascript


seohub4




risk vs. reward: smart betting strategies for consistent wins


humza




which agency can provide different types of translations?


gfreg76




what are common mistakes when shopping for an iphone 15 back cover?


jobinkhosla




techniques for capturing


shafi seo




 your trusted fence company for quality installations and rep


wilsonsmith09




financial literacy: a key to empowering your financial future


shafi seo






























			  please login









join harderfaster
username: 
password: 





























						sorry, no competitions are running this week...
					    



competition winners
submit competition 
					    
















			  hf newsletter









please enter your details below to subscribe to the harderfaster newsletter:
			email address: 














 















































    all trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by
    their respective companies. all other content is (c) 2001-2025 harderfaster.








terms and conditions |
		privacy statement |
		text mode







 









