


baseball card buyer - home page












we buy baseball cards! call 1-888-665-4999

bcb travels to buy vintage sports cards in all 50 states & canada. call for an appointment!










the line-up






price  quote

 
free price quote if selling baseball cards


favorite buys

 
baseball card buyer now paying these prices


testimonials

 
compliments 
                  from baseball card sellers


grading

 
how to 
                  grade cards — the basics

will travel

 
we'll travel to see your collection




baseball card buyer pays top $ for vintage topps, bowman, pre-war & tobacco era baseball cards! we also buy all types of vintage football cards, hockey cards & basketball cards!
 

 


baseballcardbuyer.com inc.
toll-free: 1-888-665-4999
quote@baseballcardbuyer.com


read: news on bcb's find of "rare 1922 kromo-gravue cards of ruth, hoyt - uncovered in mi."

see: bcb's "large find of 800+ 19th c. tobacco cards!"

read: national press on
 bcb's "find of uncirculated wilson franks cards."

see:
 bcb's "ultimate willie mays collection find!"
















baseballcardbuyer.com inc., is a noted national expert on the buying and selling of vintage baseball cards - often consulted by the media on the current baseball card market.call 1-888-665-4999 for a free price quote.














price quote
favorite buys
pricing
testimonials
grading
will travel
email




we were interviewed live on radio 1480 whbc about the card market






bcb's owner was consulted by the new york times on the vintage baseball card market:  
click to read 


and quoted in busines insider on baseball card investing tips:
view



bcb's owner was interviewed by otis wealth inc.: read



 



read bcb's procedure for buying sports cards





"my husband's childhood 
baseball card collection 
from the early 60's was 
sold to bcb. the whole 
transaction was 
completed quickly, fairly, 
and professionally. my 
husband and i are very 
satisfied customers." -cindy t., columbia, sc





buying old sports cards


* daily in select us states
* via ups sent from throughout the us & can (we pay shipping)
* will travel for larger/rare sports card collections

 






*insurance appraisals*
baseballcardbuyer.com can assist collectors & underwriters in the professional appraisal of card collections. email for details











home
price quote
favorite buys
pricing
testimonials
grading
will travel
email


 call baseball card buyer right now at 1-888-665-4999 if you're looking for a buyer!




© baseballcardbuyer.com inc., 2001-2024. all rights reserved. we buy vintage baseball cards, football cards, hockey cards & basketball cards. 






