






 



welcome to spa and deck creations - spa and deck creations inc.




















































































skip to content






spa and deck creations inc.


home productsspas and hot tubshot spring freeflow spas jacuzzi nordic  saunasfinnleo  spaguard chemicals  safety signs service infofaq’s glossary of terms safety tips shopper checklist water tips  testimonials photo gallery 



 
home productsspas and hot tubshot spring freeflow spas jacuzzi nordic  saunasfinnleo  spaguard chemicals  safety signs service infofaq’s glossary of terms safety tips shopper checklist water tips  testimonials photo gallery 









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 














who we are
we are a family owned business. rick and jill goode have been working together for over 35 years. we have a knowledgeable and friendly staff, to schedule service calls and deliveries, order parts and accessories, and can ups anything right to your door.



what we do
our company is the largest and most reliable spa dealership in the north georgia and southwestern north carolina area since 1985. we serve blairsville, blue ridge, hiawassee, young harris, helen, ellijay, dahlonega, murphy, andrews, copperhill, brasstown, suches, cherry log, hayesville, and all the mountain towns through out the tri-state area.



contact us

general information


what our customers have to sayjonathan h.we just wanted to write and let you know how pleased we are with our spa. my brother used ours twice before buying one for himself making us a sundance family! thanks a lot – keep up the good work!
peggy g.twenty minutes in the sundance spa guarantees a good night’s sleep and a feeling of refreshment the next morning.
 and finally, the only good news about my diagnosis of arthritis and fybromylagia; i was able to take the expense of my spa as a deduction on my income taxes. i simply asked my physician for the prescription!
carol t. – blue ridge, gamy new majestic spa by sundance spas is so wonderful! joints, muscle aches, sore feet were all massaged until we were totally relaxed. slept great, felt great, all night long! one of the best investments we have ever made!
william s. – morgaton, gawe chose spa and deck creations, for our dealer mainly for the quality of the products they offer. we had a spa before, and our new spa has more jets that are stronger and better, more therapeutic. we use it for fun, therapy, pain relief and relaxation.
betty & george c. – hiawassee, gawe previously owned a sundance spa, and we got a new altamar. we like the upgraded filtration system and the sunpurity mineral purifier. no foaming, ever. it is outside on our screened in porch surrounded by garden and forest. we use it for fun and relaxation, as well as pain relief.
amanda b. – young harris, gawe were referred to spa and deck creations, and wanted our dealer close to home. we bought a jacuzzi model in 2000. our spa is sunken in wood deck, next to the house, and surrounded by our gardens. it is quick and easy to use, we use it for relaxation, family time, improved seep, and pain relief.
charlene & micah f. – mccaysville gawe invested in a jacuzzi 360 model in 2002. this is our first experience with spa ownership. we chose spa and deck creations, inc. to be our dealer, because of convenience of location at our home, and friendly service. we use our hot tub for family time, and fun. our tub is more of and entertainment place for family and friends, which also helps us relax after those stressful days at work. we also use it for quality time.
aileen & mike g.we have a sundance caprio, and bought it in may of 2005. we really like our new spa, as compared to our older one, it is deeper, and easier to clean, and keep the water regulated, temp. and sanitizer. we have it sunk 1/2 way into a wooden deck surrounded by dogwoods and evergreens on the eastside of the house, accessed from the ground floor or the upper deck-very private. the staff at spa and deck creations gives us friendly service, and knowledgeable. they service what they sell. we use it almost daily and can’t begin to enumerate how it has added to our enjoyment of life.
ranier a. – hiawassee, gawe got a good deal, great service and friendly treatment from spa and deck creations. our new spa is trouble free, and much easier to maintain then our other one. we use it for relaxation, improved sleep, pain relief, family time, and fun. we enjoy this unit thoroughly.
deborah b. – blairsville, gawe followed our friends recommendation, and used the internet to help us choose spa and deck creations, and are glad we did! our new spa is much better, than our old one. it is easier to clean and get the water in and out. we use it for our back pain, family time, and therapy.
florence f. – blairsville, gamy new spa is so much better than my old one, it has better jets, they are stronger for me, i need help with my pain in my hip and back. i chose spa and deck creations to be my dealer because of their convenient location in union county
john c. – blue ridge, gawe liked the owners of sundance spas of blue ridge, and spa and deck creations, so we bought our sundance marin. we like it better than our old spa, because of the seating, and the ozone generator. we use it for therapy, pain relief and relaxation. this is the best spa ever!!
monica b. – morganton, gawe have a sundance altamar, and have it outside on our porch. we chose spa and deck creations, inc. to be our dealer because they are very nice people, and because of the quality of the spa. also because it has the best warranty. we use it for fun, improved sleep, pain relief, family time, therapy and fun. it helps all over!
robert s. – hiawassee, gawe bought our jacuzzi spa from our local spa dealer, because the price of the spa was comparable to national chains, and we wanted to do business with a local company. we enjoy the spa socially, when we have guests.
mike b. – blue ridge, gawe chose a nordic insider, as our first experience with hot tub ownership. we chose spa and deck creations for our local service company because we always prefer to do business with local businesses, and because we use this spa for our cabin rental. the service we have received, the assistance with problems, the convenience of help and their promptness have been excellent. keep up the good work!
john and marion r. – blue ridge, gawe purchased our marin spa in oct 2005 from spa and deck creations, after 2 years of dreaming about it. we love it and use it almost everyday. we use the moments fragrances and just relax the work day away. thanks, jill for all your help.
gerald g. – hiawassee, gawe have had our jacuzzi spa for 3 years, and met spa and deck at the home show and liked the salespeople. it helps improve our sleep, and for our pain relief.
robert c. – morganton, gawe chose spa and deck creations to be our spa dealer because of the quality of spas and their reputation. we use the hot tub for relaxation, family time, improved sleep, pain relief, therapy and fun.
tanya m. – hiawassee, gawe bought a nordic sport from spa and deck creations, inc. as they are well known in the community. we like our new hot tub better than our old one, it is more durable and easy to move. we would not be without one! we use it for relaxation and pain relief
events & salesphoto gallery














					copyright spa and deck creations llc.  site designed and maintained by lg web consulting.
                








go to top


 





















































