









j. c. tonnotti window company | southington ct























































 

 







skip to content







 



 



 



 




call us today 860.621.1642







family owned & operated for over 40 years







we offer: windows + doors + siding + roofing

 




home
services

windows
doors
siding
roofing
sun and patio rooms


our quality experience
gallery
contact
menu 



search for:















j. c. tonnotti window company
our mission at j. c. tonnotti window company is to exceed our client’s expectations by offering superior craftsmanship and outstanding customer service.
“we measure our success by the relationships we build.”


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqvq9owxh4q

a name you can rely on
j. c. tonnotti window company is a family owned and operated company, established in 1979, offering a variety of home improvement services for over 40 years, ranging from installation of custom ordered windows, doors, siding and roofing. we have helped homeowners across the state of connecticut transform their homes with a level of quality craftsmanship and excellent customer service that gives you peace of mind.
we pride ourselves on putting our best efforts into every project, whether it’s installing energy-efficient replacement windows, preserving and protecting your home with a new roof, refacing your home with new siding, or refreshing an entryway with a new door system.






























































customer reviews						




see what our customers have to say about j.c. tonnotti window company						

 martha lanza18:43 15 apr 22we are so pleased with the experience we just had with jc tonnotti window co.!!from the quoting process to the building of our sunroom, we had only positive interactions with joe and his team. we have very high standards and we were impressed with their professionalism, excellent workmanship and punctuality. a very special thank you to chris, mike, matt, carlos, mauricio, dale, steve and gil for a job well done.congratulations to joe and faith tonnotti you achieved your company’s mission of, “exceeding  your clients' expectations by offering superior craftsmanship and outstanding customer service "with gratitude,martha and octavio lanzabristol, ctsylvia squires18:41 25 mar 22first installation:we were very pleased with all the employees of j. c. tonnotti we have had contact with from the sales person to the office staff to the installers.  the quality of the windows and door as well as the workmanship when your crew came to install them last month was obvious.  they arrived promptly, reviewed the rooms where the installation was to take place, and got right to work.  they were organized, respectful of our property, diligent workers, and cleaned up completely before leaving; in other words, professional.  any interactions with your workers was polite.  the crew leader gave us a clear demonstration of how the windows work for cleaning, etc. all in all, it was a very positive experience and we have already placed an order for more windows and another door to be replaced by j.c. tonnotti.second installation:we recently had a second round of windows and a new front door unit installed by j. c. tonnotti.  the workers arrived on time, reviewed the rooms in which they were doing the installations and started right to work.  they worked  quickly and efficiently, leaving openings to the outdoors (in february) for as short as time as possible.  one team member had to leave to pick up some additional materials which delayed their progress, but they stayed until the job was finished and completely cleaned up.  our house is much brighter and warmer thanks to the fine job they did.aileen zappone00:41 03 mar 22we had a front screen door as well as a smaller kitchen and large living room and kitchen window installed in january 2022. the installers were here for 6 hrs and everything was done efficiently and professionally. you wouldn't know they had even been here! cleaned up nicely when they were done. joe came to see us before the work was done and went over everything.  we have already noticed how much warmer our home is...on top of how wonderful the windows and door look. would highly recommend them for your home improvement needs...thank you!!!!danielle tyburski19:43 28 feb 22i love the windows and they are really beautiful and nice and they did a really great job installing the windows i my condothank u for the awesome windowsdanielle tyburskirichard & lois detuccioantoinette carey15:24 14 feb 22j c tonnotti replaced all the windows in my house. from the initial meeting to the installation of the windows, it was clear that this is a reputable, professional company focused on the client. chris and his crew clearly were expert installers but were also very respectful. although it was a cold day in february, they worked quickly and efficiently to avoid excess heat loss! when they left the house, each room was as clean as when they entered. beautiful windows, excellent company.melissa castillo13:27 17 aug 21the staff is extremely friendly, the work they did on my window is absolutely amazing. 10/10 would recommendj english11:11 08 apr 21my experience with jc tonnotti has been excellent from the first phone call - very professional, very respectful and excellent workmanship. my home disaster was repaired top notch. i cannot say enough good about this company. 













j.c. tonnotti window company uses years of expertise to keep your home beautiful and energy-efficient.
our replacement windows and doors can save you up to 40% on energy costs—a difference you’ll feel in comfort and savings.
want to boost your home’s efficiency? explore our services!



stay connected with j. c. tonnotti window company!





 



 



 



 


 








navigatehome
our quality experience
blog
testimonials
gallery
contact us
serviceswindows
doors
roofing
siding
sun and patio rooms
j.c. tonnotti window company

address:
205 bristol street
southington, ct. 06489
phone: 860-621-1642



copyright © 2024 j.c. tonnotti window company.
all rights reserved.
design by wwwenterprises.com

 




menu
close








 

homeservices▼windowsdoorssidingroofingsun and patio roomsour quality experiencegallerycontact 
 


































