













































time-to-runglobal running information 





home

country sites

australia

au forums


britain
canada

canada forum


europe
finland
germany
ireland
kenyan experience
malta news
namibia news
new zealand

nz forums


south africa

trail sa
za forum


spain
sweden
usa

us forums






sports medicine

doctor
exercise physiology

the abc physiology

collapse in heat




physiology home

skeletal muscle
what body type are you?


physiotherapy
massage
alternative
yoga
stretching


injuries & treatment

articles

predictors of injury
comeback from injury
advice on ice
injury prevention tips


5 most common injuries

achilles tendonitis
plantar fasciitis
itb – iliotibial band syndrome
runner’s knee
shin splints




events

marathon

tallinn
tel aviv
usa marathon


track

indoor


cross country
trail

trail south africa


triathlon


beginners
women
training

veterans
coaches corner
training methods
training articles
10k training programs
strength


resources

clubs
footwear
nutrition
tours
training camps
product reviews
runner’s tips

dealing with chafing
clothing tag ouch
breathing

cadence breathing
the side stitch




drugs-in-sport
your articles
site links


forums

training zone


info

about us

theed


contact us
privacy policy




  global running news
  injuries

  nutrition
  training
  forums




                                                                                                                




the 6 most memorable moments from the paris 2024 olympic track
the 2024 paris olympics have etched into history as some of the most talked-about and memorable games… [more]





olympics running events to watch 2024
the countdown to the most exciting part of the olympics is almost over. in a few days, the fastest and… [more]





what are the recent trends in fitness apps?
we’re taking exercise more seriously than ever and with apps it’s getting even easier. let’s take… [more]





6 common mistakes to avoid with weight loss strategy
running is a great form of exercise for weight loss. however, many people make mistakes that sabotage… [more]





5 tips for choosing a fitness app to track your runs
fitness apps for smartphones are now more popular than ever. here are five useful tips for choosing the… [more]







the 6 most memorable moments from the paris 2024 olympic trackthe 2024 paris olympics have etched into history as some of the most talked-about and memorable games to date. … [read more...]olympics running events to watch 2024the countdown to the most exciting part of the olympics is almost over. in a few days, the fastest and strongest runners in the world take to the stage to compete for olympic gold. … [read more...] 


newsin 2019, we look to return to estonia to participate in the tallinn half … [read more...]in four weeks’ time on thursday 28 february, the ‘iaaf heritage cross country … [read more...]eliud kipchoge and caterine ibarguen have been named the male and female world … [read more...]breathing as a beginner runner or jogger, the dreaded 'side stitch' can often be a more … [read more...]what is a breathing cadence? breathing cadence, is simply the inspiration and … [read more...]paralympicselection to a fourth australian team for the 2012 paralympic games couldn’t have come at … [read more...]newsletterseason greetings 2017 - the year 2017, draws to a close and we can … [read more...] time-to-run nutritionhow to get proper nutrition as a vegan runner time-to-run trainingwhat is fartlek? 

stretchingrunning may seem easy, but it is quite possibly one of the most difficult forms … [read more...] 
guidelines to stretching should be part of your stretching program. whereas … [read more...]welcome to the 'stretch routines' 1 to 4. here you will find safe and effective … [read more...]welcome to the 'stretch routines' 5 to 8. here you will find safe and effective … [read more...]strength training1. weight training tones your muscles which looks great and raises your basal … [read more...]strength training routines 1 to 3

welcome to the 'strength routines' numbered … [read more...]massagewhat does a routine injury prevention sports massage consist of?

each regular … [read more...]the big five the 5 most common running injuries
the five most common running injuries:  achilles tendonitis - chondromalacia  (runner's
knee) - iliotibial band (itb) syndrome - plantar fasciitis and shin splints

 time-to-run injuriesmuscle soreness after training suomen juoksu5 parasta sovellusta ladattavaksi juoksijalle 



 






 





sign up for time-to-run newsletter

email address: 



first name



last name





leave this field empty if you're human: 



recent posts


the 6 most memorable moments from the paris 2024 olympic track


olympics running events to watch 2024


what are the recent trends in fitness apps?


6 common mistakes to avoid with weight loss strategy


5 tips for choosing a fitness app to track your runs



partners

time-4-sport
time-to-tri




 




 

women info women’s running info .. women

10k training  better 10k 10k training programs
nutrition  for the exercising body  .. nutrition
sports doctor solving problems .. sports doctor


the abc searching for the solutions the abc


sports massage athlete’s massage … sport massage

 


women’s running
women’s running
the run-down on sports bras – menstrual cycle – women’s periods – ‘buying your first pair of running shoes‘ .


 new zealand running
jacko gill sets new shotput personal best of 22.12m
running tips
priding ourselves on striving to become ‘the world’s best on-line running information site’
running tips – running injuries – running training information – running nutrition – running calendar – running doctor – marathon news


 south africa running
wildschutt aims for record at gqeberha 10k
running information
there are a number of reasons why we start running.


 canada running
update on olympic and paralympic trials
 uk running
sawe wins, mccolgan sets british record
return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · running information · privacy policy · powered by dmg-projects · dmg-network partner · log in


















