     new & used ford dealership - virginia beach va                                

 





                                             beach ford inc        sales 757-796-6222    service 757-796-6200  parts 757-796-6111      2717 virginia beach blvd.virginia beach, va 23452                                           service        map        contact                       beach ford inc             call 757-796-6222   directions                       deals   deals   new ford offers   new ford bronco offers   new ford bronco sport offers   new ford escape offers   new ford explorer offers   new ford f-150 offers   new ford f-250 offers   used offers   service & parts offers   value your trade   barton off-road   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     new   search inventory   new ford offers   custom order   specialty vehicles   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   beach ford vehicle reels   beach ford hybrid vehicles   f-150 lightening   ford power promise   fordpass   tires   ford accessories     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned offers   used offers   used suv offers   used shopping guide   like new at used car prices   value your trade   beach quality used   barton off-road used   carfax 1 owner     sell/trade   commercial   commercial vehicles   value your trade     finance   finance   leasing   get pre-approved    payment calculator   value your trade   credit estimator      service   service & parts offers   mobile service   schedule service    service department   we'll buy your vehicle   caliber collision   order parts   nitrogen fill tires     about   about us   contact us - service   contact us - sales   ford blue advantage    get fordpass app   all american run   hours & directions   leave us a review   why us   beach ford all-american scholarship     our blog   careers   career opportunities                      home   deals   deals   new ford offers   new ford bronco offers   new ford bronco sport offers   new ford escape offers   new ford explorer offers   new ford f-150 offers   new ford f-250 offers   used offers   service & parts offers   value your trade   barton off-road   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     new   search inventory   new ford offers   custom order   specialty vehicles   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   beach ford vehicle reels   beach ford hybrid vehicles   f-150 lightening   ford power promise   fordpass   tires   ford accessories     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned offers   used offers   used suv offers   used shopping guide   like new at used car prices   value your trade   beach quality used   barton off-road used   carfax 1 owner     sell/trade   commercial   commercial vehicles   value your trade     finance   finance   leasing   get pre-approved    payment calculator   value your trade   credit estimator      service   service & parts offers   mobile service   schedule service    service department   we'll buy your vehicle   caliber collision   order parts   nitrogen fill tires     about   about us   contact us - service   contact us - sales   ford blue advantage    get fordpass app   all american run   hours & directions   leave us a review   why us   beach ford all-american scholarship     our blog   careers   career opportunities                   




                                                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                   


 new vehicles
 electric vehicles
 used vehicles
 schedule service






    inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search        

  




     search new inventory     search used inventory        



 

custom order 







 

beach ford vehicle reels







 

trade appraisal 







 

schedule service 





         a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   
     


the ford blue advantage features two levels of certification, gold and blue, based upon several factors, including a used vehicle’s age and mileage. peace of mind coverage, tailored to your budget!
search certified


      










ford f-150
the ford f-150 features a high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and high-strength steel frame, providing the foundation for available best-in-class payload, up to 2,445 lbs., and up to 13,500 lbs. of available towing. the ford f-150, built ford tough to make work or play easy.
find yours






       

beach ford inc located in virginia beach, va
here at beach ford inc, it is our mission to be the automotive home of drivers in the virginia beach, chesapeake, norfolk, va area. we provide a vast selection of new and used vehicles, exceptional car care and customer service with a smile!
speaking of new ford models, you have your pick of our showroom. our local dealership keeps a great stock of used cars, trucks, and suvs in inventory. with competitive prices offered on every pre-owned model for sale on our lot, you won't find a reason to visit any other dealership in virginia beach.
more about us

     




    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed        
     

follow us

                                 
     

ford dealership in virginia beach, virginia
beach ford has been a part of the virginia beach community since 1978, and we're committed to bringing the best service and value to our customers, year after year.



southeastern virginia's #1 car dealership
serving virginia beach, hampton roads, chesapeake, norfolk, and portsmouth, virginia, it is our mission to be the automotive home for drivers in our community. we do this by providing an exceptional car-buying experience that's no-hassle and stress-free, and we want to inspire you to share your experience with others.
we understand that buying a car can come with a lot of pressure, but from the moment you step onto our lot, we promise to exceed your expectations. our sales staff is ready to assist you in finding the car, truck, or suv of your dreams. not sure what your dream car is? our team will equip you with the tools you need to shop for a new vehicle with ease and confidence, and with no pressure. and when you're ready to make a decision, our team of ford specialists will help you find the right plan to fit your budget.


find the new, used, or specialty car for you
you have your pick of our showroom here at beach ford. we offer new, used, and even specialty vehicles like the barton off-road (bor), which are trucks outfitted for the tough mudders, the boulder climbers, and trailblazers. also, we offer roush series vehicles inspired by legend jack roush highlighting the f-150 and mustang models we keep our lot stocked with plenty of cars, and we truly believe you won't find a reason to visit any other dealership in virginia beach. choose from some of our highest-volume models, including the f-150, explorer, escape, f-250, and expedition, or take a look at our pre-owned vehicles for some of the most competitive prices out there.
if you're looking for a midsize suv that fits the whole family with a third-row seat, offers maximum towing of 5,600 pounds for all of your adventures, and still gets an impressive 27 city/29 highway mpg, consider test driving the explorer. it's one of our most popular models for a reason. the 2020 ford escape may be the ideal vehicle for you if you want a compact suv that's budget-friendly and has an mpg of up to 27 city/33 highway. we also have a wide range of ford f-150s that offer power, performance, and style, all great prices.


best factory-trained technicians
at beach ford, not only will you have a superior sales experience, but you'll also get that same level of care in our service department. our service technicians are efficient and knowledgeable, so you can feel confident that your vehicle is in good hands whether you're in for regular maintenance, new parts, or a larger repair. because we know your time is valuable, take advantage of our free shuttle service to get you back where you need to be while our experts take care of your car, truck, or suv.
never again will you have to waste your time at a car dealership. at beach ford, we value all of our customers and will greet you with a smile.
our awards
2020 president's award by ford motor company for exemplary customer service.
2020 top volume dealer award by ford motor company to the top 125 ford dealer's in the u.s.a.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.


although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, license, $899 processing and/or documentation fees. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures beach ford inc | 2717 virginia beach blvd., virginia beach, va 23452 | sales: 757-796-6222 |                























               