









home - nlug | nashville linux user's group
















































		skip to content	



 




nlug | nashville linux user's group
serving nashville's linux community since 1997








    menu	
home  

get involved


about  

nlug constitution and by-laws
contact


blog
getting started with linux

  
			scroll down to content		












home


 how can we help you with linux? 

are you brand new and looking to get started? are you looking for a linux career? just having fun with linux on your desktop? are you interested in just having a better way to use computers based on open-source sharing, civil-liberties, personal privacy, and a helpful community? is there a specific project or issue you need help working through? 
you’ve come to the right place.












get involved


come hang out with us
we meet on the second tuesday of the month from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm. most meetings offer an in-person option as well as an online remote option. rsvp on meetup to get the address or meeting link and current topic for upcoming events.
 free as in speech and free as in beer!
in either sense, linux users are all about free. there is no cost for nlug membership or meetings. 
 address, map, and meeting link available on meetup
join the conversation

forum/mailing list on google groups












about


at the heart of the open-source movement, linux is one of the most community-driven technologies around. nlug has been helping the nashville area share, geek out, and help each other since 1997. we rotate content to suit it professionals, hobbyists, & newbies. we routinely feature subjects such as



system administration
software development
security
devops
virtualization & containers
networking
certification
career development
desktop applications
hardware, and more.














blog







posted on august 16, 2019october 11, 2019 
using slack 

we started using slack to supplement live discussion in the nlug community. we don’t have any intention of abandoning our mailing list/google group which has been in use for decades. like irc, slack is just better for live chat/ real-time conversation. combined with the mailing list, it gives us more robust community discussions.other benefits are … 
continue reading “using slack”













contact


how can we help you?

 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 


δ














sponsored by vaco 

 

about this site still under construction. check back again soon.

search



			search for:		


  
		search	

 


slack  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	














































































































































































































































































































































