

famous poets and poems - read and enjoy poetry















famous poets and poems:  home  |  poets  |  poem of the month  |  poet of the month  |  top 50 poems  |  famous quotes  |  famous love poems


 




search for: poemspoets














famouspoetsandpoems.com / home 
total: poets - 631, poems - 34472


















poets










poet of the month










poem of the month










top 50 poems










famous quotes










thematic poems










thematic quotes




 

poems about:






birthday poems
death poems
mother poems
family poems
thank you poems
sympathy poems
retirement poems
sorry poems
angel poems
relationship poems
all poems  






popular poets






langston hughes
shel silverstein
pablo neruda
maya angelou
edgar allan poe
robert frost
emily dickinson
elizabeth barrett browning
e. e. cummings
walt whitman
william wordsworth
allen ginsberg
sylvia plath
jack prelutsky
william butler yeats
thomas hardy
robert hayden
amy lowell
oscar wilde
theodore roethke
all poets  







see also:
poets by nationality
african american poets
women poets
thematic poems
thematic quotes
contemporary poets
nobel prize poets
american poets
english poets








welcome to famous poets and poems!we are glad to see you here. this site is dedicated topoetry and to the people who make poetry possible:poets and their readers. famouspoetsandpoems.com isa free poetry site. on our site you can find a largecollection of poems and quotes from over 631 poets.read and enjoy poetry!








popular poems



i, too, sing america  by langston hughes
phenomenal woman by maya angelou
where the sidewalk ends by shel silverstein
if you forget me by pablo neruda
i carry your heart with me by e. e. cummings
the road not taken by robert frost
a dream within a dream by edgar allan poe
there is another sky by emily dickinson
a girl by ezra pound
messy room by shel silverstein
fast rode the knight by stephen crane
view more popular poems



  









featured poets










walt whitman









maya angelou









pablo neruda









shel silverstein








view all poets list 







poet of the month - matthew arnold   (1822 - 1888)





 although remembered now for his elegantly argued critical essays, matthew arnold (1822-1888) began his career as a poet, winning early recognition as a student at the rugby school where his father, thomas arnold, had earned national acclaim as a strict and innovative headmaster. arnold also studied at balliol college, oxford university. in 1844, after completing his undergraduate degree at oxford, he returned to rugby as a teacher of classics. after marrying in 1851, arnold began work as a government school inspector, a grueling position which nonetheless afforded him the opportunity to travel throughout england and the continent. throughout his thirty-five years in th...biography continue 












"bald as the bare mountain tops are bald, with a baldness full of grandeur."








 - matthew arnold





popular matthew arnold poems
growing oldthe song of empedoclesfrom the hymn of empedocles
view all matthew arnold poems  



books by matthew arnoldculture and anarchyceltic literaturedover beach















home   |   about project   |   privacy policy   |   copyright notice   |   links   |   link to us   |   tell a friend   |   contact us


copyright © 2006 - 2010 famous poets and poems . com. all rights reserved.the poems and quotes on this site are the property of their respective authors. all information has beenreproduced here for educational and informational purposes.








