

refractory metals & welding electrodes | from litty









zum inhaltrefractory metalsproductscustom-made productsrodsmetal sheetsblockswiresmaterialsmaterials overviewtungstentungsten-coppertungsten heavy metalmolybdenumtzmtantalumniobiumareas of applicationdie-casting mouldmechanical engineeringautomotive industrymedical technologyradiation protectionaerospacemotor racingwatch productsjewellery productstig weldingelectrode overviewlymox familybevelling servicewelding accessoriesresistance weldingplasma sprayingcompanywe are littycontact personcareersresponsibility & complianceenquire nownavigationenquire nowenquire nowrefractory metalswe are experts in high-melting-point metalswelding electrodestungsten electrodes for the highest performancerefractory metalswe are experts in high-melting-point metalswelding electrodestungsten electrodes for the highest performancelitty: a strong team player we’ve been your strong partner for high-melting-point metals and the experts for professional solutions in welding technology for 30 years. customers from 60 countries worldwide rely on litty. as a family business, we find individual solutions and guarantee optimal results. we work with passion to make our customers happy!high-melting-point metals: indispensable materials for industrytungsten, tungsten-copper, tungsten heavy metal, molybdenum, tantalum, tzm and alloys of these materials are what we know best. we supply semi-finished products with standard contours as well as finished parts based on drawings.learn morelymox® & lymoxlux®: the welding electrode that combines all the advantageslymox® electrodes combine the properties of all current tungsten electrodes and enable our customers to reduce their range to one type. lymox® and the premium product lymoxlux® have revolutionised welding. now the two electrodes are also available as a duo version. would you like to know the differences and the special advantages of all tig electrodes from litty?learn moreexpertise & individuality make us strongwhat speaks for littypersonal serviceyou have your own personal contact person from quotation to delivery, as well as for follow-up enquiries.individual solutionswe find the right solution both in the standard range and for special requirements – nothing is too big, too small or too complicated. in good timewe’re fast – both in preparing quotes, providing advice and in terms of delivery. you will receive your quotation within 48 hours.price, performance & products this harmonious interaction provides benefits to our customers. welding electrodes can also be supplied in large quantities and be delivered to you quickly.litty stands for qualitywe’ve been meeting high quality standards for 30 years. high performance is our maxim the best customer service is our passion.we’re friendlylitty is a lake chiemsee-based family business with highly qualified staff. that speaks for us as well.“as a family business, we’re proud of the way we work and the friendly way we work together. fairness, respect and individual service for our customers are the key to our success. we guarantee a solution-oriented approach, high quality and delivery reliability, and personal advice and support at all times.”marie-therese litty-panitzmanagementinfo@tungsten.deen 

deutschenglishitalianofrançaisespañol

requestlegal noticeprivacy policyyour browser is out of date!

    update your browser to view this website correctly.
    update my browser now
    


×

