




















































dude! joe's jottings, mostly junk — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































acroyear70
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














acroyear70







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






dude! joe's jottings, mostly junk
joe's jottings, mostly junk


recent entriesarchivefriendsprofilejoe's home page (not active)

previous 10


about this journalcurrent month 1
2345678
9101112131415
16171819202122
23242526272829
3031
links: my icons frontierland on film icons memories of maxandra picture collection celticdistrict.com ms fantasy ball expelled oct. 27th, 2016 @ 08:15 am i will not start a politics discussion on fb...about this entryjot somethingpermanent jottags:
politics

but damn, the washington post in their congressional endorsements (yes, comstock) show a naivete that is unheard of in a national-level newspaper.seriously? "our endorsement is a calculated hope that after wrapping herself in a bipartisan banner, her actions will match her rhetoric."drinking the kool-aid indeed.dec. 7th, 2015 @ 08:27 pm i will not start a politics discussion on facebook part ...about this entry3 jottingsjot somethingpermanent jottags:
politics

i *almost* posted this on fb. i really did. sanity saved me at the last second.the aclu has openly come out against the idea of using the no fly list as a criteria for any further restrictions against those whose names are on it.https://www.aclu.org/blog/speak-freely/until-no-fly-list-fixed-it-shouldnt-be-used-restrict-peoples-freedomsi seriously agree with the aclu on this one. the no fly list is horrid, in its accuracy, its consequences on the innocent, and on the utter lack of due process. it is one of the grossest violations of the 5th amendment ever accepted by modern america (the other being civil asset forfeiture).on top of that, it is obvious that it would not have even stopped san bernardino at all, as 1) neither shooter was on the list, and 2) they weren't the ones who purchased (from a store) the applicable weapons in the first place, so they never would have been detected by such a check even if they were on that list.when a proposed solution doesn't actually solve the problem, and it wouldn't solve the problem of any of *big* events of the last few years, either because these types of weapons weren't involved, or they weren't on the no-fly list, then it is not a solution, it is rotten theater.and that's all i'm going to say about it.nov. 18th, 2015 @ 02:36 pm so what is really behind "the deal"?about this entry2 jottingsjot somethingpermanent jottags:
politics

one of the common questions asked is why haven't the "moderate" middle eastern governments taken a harder stance against isis. even turkey, a nato ally, kept the border rather porous for individuals to cross and join with isis, and resisted letting us use our own air strips within their country for strikes against them until the nutcases crossed the border to harass the kurds. turkey may hate the kurds, but their own kurds are their problem, not isis's, to deal with. jordan as well, has armed their border, but not dared to cross it...but then again, jordan itself hasn't actually seen a direct threat yet, in spite of their more secular attitudes to personal behavior compared to the hardline isis leadership.today i read a detail about beruit that the media, even when finally mentioning that city at all, didn't say.isis's target wasn't the city as a whole. isis didn't even target the (eastern) christians in that city.isis's targets were shia. all of them. village and family, it was a sunni strike against shiites, not a fundamentalist strike against moderates nor a muslim attack against non-muslims, which it would have been if the christians' neighborhoods had been the target.a sunni strike against shia.suddenly, a lot of things made sense.( the rest behind the foldcollapse )oct. 31st, 2015 @ 08:48 pm tonight's thriller free zoneabout this entry1 jottingjot somethingpermanent jottags:
seasonal

the thriller free zone has begun. warming up with stick men improvs and starless with david cross.projekct four - seizurea scarcity of miracles by jakko jakszyk, mel collins, and robert frippfollowed by caitley's ashes, from jakko's solo but featuring mel collins.liquid tension experiment osmosisdreamtheater space dye vesta wall of later pink floyd - yet another movie, terminal frost, sorrow, wearing the inside out, keep talkingzep's no quarteralan parsons recurring dreamsting's i burn for youqueen who wants to live foreverfleetwood mac for halloween? when it is buckingham's live version of i'm so afraid, you better believe. then nicks's straight back.back to robert plant with ship of fools, thenmetallica's nothing else mattersinto the 80s for realz, with prince's when doves cry, thenu2's indian summer sky80s movies: i'm falling from real genius, wang chung's fire in the twilight from breakfast clubwinding down in the late 80s with the cure: fascination street (extended version) and lullabylast of the 80s, the cars moving in stereo.  takedown and cleanup to cirque du soleil's corteooct. 31st, 2015 @ 06:09 pm live-tweeting instead of live-blogging this yearabout this entryjot somethingpermanent jottags:
seasonal

you can follow on https://twitter.com/hashtag/tfz2015?src=hashapr. 28th, 2015 @ 10:28 am about jws :: been busy doing...nothing much?about this entryjot somethingpermanent jottags:
about me
, disney
, vacation

i've kinda been busy, first with the subfire player, then with prepping for a vacation, then finally taking said vacation in orange county, ca (incl discovery cube, original renaissance pleasure faire, disneyland and dca, aquarium of the pacific in long beach, a signing time concert for my kid and a friend, and walking through crystal cove state park (incl a beach with interesting tide pools we don't get on the east coast).so, watch the photo blog, 'cause lots of pics are coming in the next few weeks.plus here i may recap my thoughts on disneyland.about jws :: been busy doing...nothing much?apr. 7th, 2015 @ 04:59 pm about jws :: facebook and emergency handlingabout this entryjot somethingpermanent jottags:
current events

ok, everybody remember 9/11? of course you do. you also all remember so many of the false stories that the radio stations and sometimes the tv were telling until we all calmed down a little and got to focus on our thoughts (well, until buildings 5 and 7 fell, which kinda shook us all up again).one example: there were explosions at the state department (false). there were explosions at the capital (false). there were military planes chasing civilian airliners (mostly false). there were military planes shooting other at civilian planes (false). lots of these little rumors, all called in to the radio stations or reported on the internet (for those of us who had connectivity in that day of ultra over-load). all false.one of the problems we had, partly due to that internet overload, is that of those rumors still being posted even after they'd long since been discredited. the caches of the news reports, or copies of them, kept getting passed around, or links to the original page continued to be spread around after the news sources had made a new page for the updated information. the old info, out of date and known to be wrong, was still on their site.the news media took to handling that situation by basically making a master page for the news story, which they would then update and edit as if it was a wikipedia page. any time you clicked it, it would be the most up to date version possible. this is a reasonable solution.it is not a solution facebook is expecting. facebook's "opengraph" system basically caches an image, headline, and summary on the page as soon as somebody shares it with the system. any one of those 3 items may change later on the actual news page, but facebook continues to show the original summary which is full of false information, or the original headline which is very leading, subjective, and possibly not even true. all because it has cached that as being the headline for the url.this is happening today.right now, the wtop story on the dc and southern maryland blackout is a rather mild take on a "problem with a transmission line", belonging to pepco. but if you were to try to share the url, the original headline and summary, that there was an explosion in a st. mary's transmission station belonging to smeco, is what gets displayed. lots of false information, but facebook won't correct it. this is a problem, because someday there will be something serious, something full of false headlines and false stories, and people's reliance on links in facebook is going to make things worse, not better.facebook needs to solve this problem. and soon.about jws :: facebook and emergency handlingfeb. 1st, 2015 @ 07:57 am about jws :: why i still follow jwz...about this entryjot somethingpermanent jottags:
humor

reasons i love following jwz for 15 years...this shit never would have happened when jobs was around.i mean, he might have done something objectively even more horrible -- like declaring that itunes no longer does files at all, it's cloud only, welcome to hell and here's your accordion -- but this nonsense of "we claim it does this thing but that only works like 70% of the time"? that shit, up with which he would not have put.say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, dude, at least it's an ethos.about jws :: why i still follow jwz...jan. 12th, 2015 @ 10:15 pm about jws :: naughty little teddy bears...about this entry1 jottingjot somethingpermanent jotmy late friend pete brown used to sing this often, with his own minor variations, of course, at the foggs' various pub stops.teddy bears rave upif you go down in the woods today you better go in disguise.if you go down in the woods today you're sure of a big surprise.'cos every bear that ever there was is gathered there for certain becausetoday's the day the teddy bears have their rave up.there's angel bears who've come on their bike dressed in their leather gear.there's gallons of scrump all green with limps and 'orrible watney's beer.yogi downed a pint of it quick, was very promptly 'orribly sickand filled up both of paddington's new welliesrave up time for teddy bears.the little teddy bears are having a lovely time today.grooving to those heavy soundsthat only status quo know how to play.cresta bear is freaking out.he's frothing man, he's blown his little brain.rupert's spaced, he's on a trip. winnie the pooh is doing the strip.they reckon he's on the game.now every bear that's ever been good is sure of a treat today,for mummy and daddy and baby bear have found a new game to play.beneath the leaves where nobody sees there's goldilocks tied up to a tree.you bet your life she's getting more than porridge.so if you go down in the woods today you better not go alone.it's lovely down in the woods today, but safer to stay at home.'cos it's a really kinky scene, a big butch bear is playing the queenand they don't call him sugar puffs for nothing.rave up time for teddy bears.the little teddy bears are having a lovely time today.groping in the undergrowth,oh what would enid blyton have to say?see them gaily stagger round, collapsing on the ground,they haven't got any cares.at 12 o'clock the coppers are coming to take them all away,'cos they've been naughty little teady bears (mudcat credit: this was recorded by fred wedlock on his album oldest swinger in town, with chris newman. i'm not sure whether he wrote it or if it's attributable to someone else.)about jws :: naughty little teddy bears...jan. 5th, 2015 @ 03:15 pm on the disney storeabout this entry1 jottingjot somethingpermanent jottags:
disney

one negative of growing up is that aside from b&n, perusing a mall, even one as loaded as tysons, just isn't interesting anymore. sure, i got a little amusement from looking at the lego store's hobbit collection, but my 3 year old just isn't ready for that stuff yet. who knows what will be the next big thing when she is (besides star wars, which will never go away), as even the harry potter and potc sets are now gone. i mock the microsoft store every time i walk past. i cringe at the apple store not because i dislike the products, but rather just that i generally dislike the prices...and have no room in the house for a new computer (and i have 2 netbooks that need to find a new purpose in life).but the disney store's changes in the last couple of years are the most depressing. between disney's acquisition of marvel and star wars, the disney princess line, tink, frozen (almost as large as the rest of the princess line combined), and sophia (from the tv channel), plus the required area for mickey and minnie, there just isn't any room for promoting the classical era of disney films except for one tiny floor stand that was promoting a line of things for 101 dalmatians (i'll wager the blue-ray release is coming up soon). even pixar is underrepresented, nevermind the muppets, and i don't expect the pixar line to grow with the next film as it seems more for a grown-up audience in the same way that big hero 6 is (that film also have almost no merch in the store at all).just depressing. much as i *can* shop online, i actually don't like to.original link.recent entries | archive | friends | profile | previous 10 | top





























