









lancaster beauty school - antelope valley's best beauty school





























 
















skip to content




 









 



preparing you for success! 



close 




home
financial aid
programs

cosmetology
barbering
esthetician
advanced manicuring
manicuring
teacher training


services
specials
blog
contact
admissions application























antelope valley’s beauty school for over 50 years!
the lancaster beauty school in lancaster, ca trains future professionals in hair, skincare, and nails.

join our classes
salon services



lancaster beauty school in the antelope valley
lancaster beauty school is a well-established and reputable beauty college with a high passing rate for our students.  we are one of the few beauty schools that offer a manicurist course too.  we prepare our graduates with the top skills needed to secure employment in the cosmetology arts and sciences, including manicuring and skin care.
if you are considering a career in the cosmetology arts, please call us today at (661) 948-1672 or request an information pack to get started.





cosmetology courses
cosmetology and hair designhair braiding/natural hair braidingnail technician

learn more



nail courses
manicurepedicurenail extension

learn more





barber courses
identify the types of hair used in the manufacturing of hairpiecesbecome familiar with the different types of hairpiece bases that are availabledemonstrate how to measure a client for a hairpiecefit and cut hairpiecesdemonstrate the correct cleaning methods for hairpiecessell hairpieces in the barber shopsdiscuss alternative hair replacement methods

learn more



what are you waiting for?enroll today to start your new career!




empower your education!
call today (661) 948-1672






great haircuts happy clientssatisfied clients, the most important asset
you will experience the difference when you walk through the door, so come on in! we invite you to join our family!

victoria m.yelp review click to see it on yelp
the students and staff are still doing amazing work. i have really tight curls from wearing my hair naturally and it can be tedious to untangle. however, kiara slayed my hair!!!!!!!! i loved her confidence and the positivity the teachers were putting in the atmosphere. i'll be back in 2 weeks, and i recommend anyone to go there. thank you
















read more

read more reviews
inquire about our program





professional salon services from our outstanding students
lancaster beauty school offers superior salon services to the public at discounted rates.
these services are provided by our students-in-training and supervised by some of the best skilled and certified educators in the industry.

view our salon services







recent articles
what does a barber school teach me? february 10, 2025read more the benefits of a cosmetology degree january 10, 2025read more essential esthetician skills you should learn december 10, 2024read more 



ready to learn more?
interested in learning more about our available programs and about becoming a student? fill out the form below and a representative will contact you shortly.


"*" indicates required fields

your name*


first



last

phone number*email address*

program of study*cosmetologybarberingestheticianadvance manicuringmanicuringyour message or comment*
  


















 



 
 


 







our location

44646 n. 10th st. westlancaster, ca 93534

 phone: (661) 948-1672
become a studentwhy choose us?
net price calculator
approved & accredited
student testimonials
request information pack
ed gainful employment disclosure

school hours

mon-fri 9am to 5pm

salon hours:

tuesday – friday 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.*saturday 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.*closed sunday and monday
 





 2025 lancaster beauty school all rights reserved. marketing by partners in local search.						






home
heerf reporting
bpee performance fact sheets
catalog
 








 
 
back to top






 call today! (661) 948-1672



 find out more!







home
financial aid
programs

cosmetology
barbering
esthetician
advanced manicuring
manicuring
teacher training


services
specials
blog
contact
admissions application
 



 




















