



wildlife tours and wildlife holidays in spain and portugal





















 
 

					iberian wildlife tours in spain and portugal - for the wildlife holiday or natural history tour of a lifetime
					









discover the best of iberia's wildlife


iberian wildlife tours organises and leads top-quality natural history holidays throughout spain and portugal. for more than 20 years we've been guiding both for major european tour operators and for independent travellers.
we offer a range of departures throughout the year, varying in length from just half a day to two weeks. our general natural history tours are complemented by a series of more specialised excursions dedicated to birds, butterflies, dragonflies and wildflowers… more
2022 updatedue to technical difficulties with the site we are unable to update as before so please contact us directly for future tour plans using the links at the bottom of this page.

wildlife of the western canariesmarch 20198-day tour a tour for people who like a little bit of everything, including winter sun!  tenerife & la gomera offer an exceptional diversity of wildflowers, butterflies, dragonflies, reptiles and birds, many of which are found nowhere else in the world.further details for this holiday…

tailor-made wildlife toursanytime dateswith restricted time and budgets, travellers often want a birdwatching or wildlife tour orientated specifically to their needs. in collaboration with spainbirds nature tours, john can offer you fully legal tours in spain personally designed to suit your needs, be the emphasis on birds, mammals, butterflies and/or dragonflies. please contact john for a free quote with no commitments attached.
moon moths & monkey orchidsmay-june 2019 7-day tour the principal focus of the tour is undoubtedly the superb spanish moon moth, but the array of unusual spring butterflies, 30+ species of orchids and the selection of charismatic birds found here are also exceptional. macro photo opportunities galore!read more about this tour…

iberian lynx and birdsscheduled 8-day & 5-day tours; others by requestwe visit the mammal and bird-rich sierra de andújar in andalucía in search of the critically endangered iberian lynx, in combination with the wealth of birdlife in either the la mancha lakes (5 days) or the other lynx stronghold of doñana national park (8 days).more iberian lynx tours info…

a feast of flowersjune 2019 8-day tour the picos de europa's mosaic of haymeadows, ancient forests and subalpine limestone rock-gardens is home to more than 1500 species of vascular plants, including more than 50 orchids. early june is a time of maximum botanical diversity, with plenty of other wildlife on offer too. more information about this tour…


central spain birding day & half-day tripsthroughout 2019tailor-made birding tours in madrid, extremadura, la mancha and castilla y leon to suit your requirements. all levels of knowledge catered for. evening excursions & trips to special sites for the rarer species.more about birding in central spain…

autumn moths weekendsept-oct 2019 6-day tour one of europe's finest assemblages of nocturnal lepidoptera (more than 820 species of macromoths have been recorded here) offering a wealth of photographic opportunities, plus daytime excursions for autumn butterflies, orthoptera and flora. further details for this holiday…

picos wildlife walksthroughout 2019 day trips if you're holidaying in the picos, why not join me to explore the natural wonders of these mountains for a day to search for birds, butterflies, wildflowers and any other wildlife that might cross our path? children are particularly welcome. further details of these daily excursions…











wildlife holidays for 2022+our tour destinations this year, including those we run in conjunction with other operators, are very similar to those shown on the map above. to find out more, simply click on the coloured region on this map or on the individual tour titles in the list below to see details. discover the best of iberia's wildlife with us!
























  tours throughout spain

custom wildlife and birdwatching tours
birding day trips: madrid / la mancha / toledo / segovia / gredos / guadarrama / extremadura

  picos de europa tours

daily wildlife walks
picos de europa, pyrenees + belchite steppes
a feast of flowers

autumn moth weekend in the picos de europa
spain – the grand tour!

  castilla y leon tours

dragonfly and butterfly watching in c spain
ciudad real, la mancha, sierra de guadarrama & segovia

spain – the grand tour!

  navarra tours

moon moths and monkey orchids

  aragon tours

picos de europa, pyrenees + belchite steppes
wallcreepers and cranes in aragón

  catalonia tours

walking and wildlife in the eastern pyrenees 

  madrid tours

dragonfly and butterfly watching in c spain
birding in madrid & la mancha

  extremadura tours

c spain birding

extremadura (travelling naturalist)
extremadura (spainbirds)

dragonfly and butterfly watching in c spain
dragonflies, birds & butterflies in extremadura
extremadura in autumn: spain's secret wilderness
extremadura at christmas
spain – the grand tour!

  castilla - la mancha tours

birding in madrid & la mancha
c spain birding
ciudad real, la mancha, sierra de guadarrama & segovia

  andalucia tours


iberian lynx quest (andújar + doñana)


strait of gibraltar: bird migration & cetaceans

spain – the grand tour!

  canary islands tours

spring in the western canaries
canary islands (tenerife + la gomera)
canary islands (east + west)




iwt blog
john's c spain news
09/03/2017
a heatwave is currently trying to fool wildlife that winter is over. near record temperatures in c and  n spain have brought the biological spring suddenly to life, with numerous butterflies on the wing and early-returning migrant birds.... more
genet nights!
22/01/2016
the elusive genet!... more
giving something back... teresa's donation to butterfly conservation in 2015
26/11/2015
eleven tours in 2015 saw teresa and her clients recording an incredible 165 species of butterflies, resulting in a substantial donation to butterfly conservation earlier this month... more
extremadura 14-20 april 2015 : photo-blog part 2
22/09/2015
part 2 of a photographic summary of a private 7-day tour to extremadura during the peak spring period for just about all the wildlife there! this includes a few of the notable flowers, habitats and invertebrates seen, such as yellow & mirror ophrys, pink butterfly and tongue orchids, rhinoceros and scarab beetles and a 'mixed bag' of other fantastic wildlife.... more
extremadura 14-20 april 2015 : photo-blog part 1
16/09/2015
a photographic summary of a private 7-day tour to extremadura during the peak spring period for just about all the wildlife there!  this part covers a few of the notable birds and butterflies seen, such as spanish imperial eagle, great bustard, eagle-owl, provence hairstreak & spanish marbled white.... more
doñana + extremadura 05 - 11 april 2015 : private tour highlights
11/09/2015
summary report of a 7-day excursion focussing on the birds of these two fabulous birdwatching areas. nearly 200 birds species were recorded, including many returning migrants, 20 species of diurnal raptors and a remarkable range of the scarcer and more sought-after species of s and w spain.... more
brown bears, birds & butterflies in the picos de europa & somiedo n.p. : trip report august 2015
03/09/2015
a new less intensive and still highly successful version of the previous tour. an average of just one bear watch a day, mostly at dawn, resulted in a fine observation of a big black male on our very first attempt during a very difficult year! a wealth of other sightings included southern chamois, 3 wallcreepers, western spectre and 61 species of butterflies, such as the endemic spanish argus and chapman's ringlet.... more
read more news and current information about wildlife in spain and portugal…







john muddemana professional tour guide, writer and scientific translator, with a lifelong interest in diverse aspects of natural history. he lives the madrid mountains and guides organised groups throughout iberia, europe and further afield.
              read more about johnjohn's tourscontact john
follow john on facebook

teresa farinoan all-round naturalist and author with a special interest in the flora, lepidoptera and odonata of the iberian peninsula. she lives in the picos de europa and has been leading wildlife holidays in spain and portugal since 1989.
              read more about teresateresa's tourscontact teresa
follow @iberianwildlife

mike lockwooda seasoned naturalist currently working in catalonia on bird, butterfly and dragonfly studies. he lives in catalonia and leads wildlife and walking tours for various companies and private groups.
              read more about mikemike's tourscontact mike
more about iberian wildlife tours…







hometours for 2022+about iwttestimonialsiwt blogcontact us







publications

wildlife books
wildlife articles

translations
  spain (general)

custom wildlife & birding tours
birds & birdwatching
list of birds
geography & climate
list of dragonflies & damselflies
travellers' nature guide species menu

  andalucia

cabo de gata
sierra de grazalema
grazalema botanical trip report 2007

  aragon

benasque botanical trip report 2008


  canary islands

natural history of the canary islands
fuerteventura trip report

  catalonia

catalan pyrenees botanical trip report 2005

  extremadura

birds & birding
habitats
location & geography
list of birds
list of butterflies
list of dragonflies & damselflies

  la mancha &  castilla y leon

la mancha tours
birds & birding
botanical trip report 2009

  madrid

birds & birding
list of dragonflies & damselflies

  picos de europa

a naturalist's paradise
list of orchids
botanical trip report 2004
butterfly & moth trip report 2005
butterfly & moth trip report 2006
butterfly & moth trip report 2008
list of butterflies
picos walking guide

  western portugal

natural history of the arrábida
wildlife of the sado estuary
botanical trip report 2006

  non-iberian

ecuador cloudforest birdwatching
birds & bison in poland













 



 




 
 
 

  









					all photos and text © copyright of the authors.
home  |  about iberian wildlife tours  |  contactwebsite by richard albion


www.iberianature.coma guide to the natural history, environment, geography, landscape, climate and wildlife of spain. 





















