






ricetec global | transforming rice agriculture around the world

















 

















products

seed solutions

seed brands
smartrice®
climate friendly

fullpage®
max-ace®


seed treatment

squad®




service solutions

ricereach®




sustainable rice

why rice matters
challenges & solutions
methane in rice farming
innovation
sdg’s


about

who we are
history
leadership
scientific advisory board


news

resources


regions

usa
india
mercosur


contact

usa
india
mercosur
exports
careers


 


select page


  
 
 















leading innovation for sustainable rice farming

improve your rice farming operation. supercharge your yield. unlock new revenue streams. reimagine sustainable rice agriculture.

learn how
















reimagine rice agriculture

imagine a future where rice farming is not just sustainable, but groundbreaking. watch how this is possible.

reimagine







sustainable rice agriculture

explore how our decades of research and development and field-tested results are transforming rice agriculture.








increasing yields
ricetec hybrids have consistently outperformed traditional cultivars in various agricultural practices, achieving a remarkable yield increase. this improvement boosts farmer income and enhances food security while reducing the need for additional land and resources.








improving performance
ricetec’s hybrid rice seeds are known for their exceptional performance, delivering higher yield and consistent results even under abiotic stresses. by continuously working to meet local quality requirements tailored to consumer demands, ricetec customers realize increased farm performance. this unwavering commitment to performance and reliability makes ricetec a trusted seed partner.








saving water
ricetec hybrids are more robust and exhibit better abiotic stress tolerance, enabling a shift to more sustainable water management practices such as direct seeded rice (dsr), alternate wetting and drying (awd), and row rice. these practices reduce water usage and enhance sustainability while maintaining productivity.








lowering emissions
traditional rice farming contributes about 20% of global agricultural methane emissions. ricetec hybrids offer a solution by emitting less methane compared to varieties, thereby reducing emissions. by planting ricetec hybrids and adopting sustainable water management practices, farmers can further lower greenhouse gas emissions. 











sustainable rice agriculture that creates more value for farmers, consumers, and the planet.







 









choose your region for local solutions.









learn why leading rice farmers rely on ricetec worldwide





contact us



usa



india



mercosur







let's grow something together





we are here to assist you with all your rice seed and solution needs, from start to finish. reach out to ricetec with your questions. we look forward to building a long-standing and sustainable relationship!

note: all submitted information is subject to ricetec, inc. privacy policy.




email
communications@ricetec.com









name


email address


area of interest

area of interestgeneral informationseed productscropping solutionsseed treatmentsseed & cropping supportprogram informationgrower resource informationjobs & careers


message




submit













followfollowfollowfollowfollow



information

products• seed solutions• service solutions
sustainable riceabout ricetecricetec newsricetec regionscontact ricetec



sign up to receive communications






name


company


email address




send







headquarters

ricetec, inc.1925 fm 2917, alvin, tx 77511p: 281 756 3300communications@ricetec.com





©1988-2024 ricetec, inc. all rights reserved.claims are not a guarantee of performance nor a warranty of fitness for a particular use.



legal/privacy



 

















privacy notice






to provide the best experiences, ricetec uses cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent























