






city of amherst, ohio | sandstone center of the world

























































government

auditor
city council

clerk of council
agendas and minutes
live stream and archived videos
members of council
ward maps
virtual meeting registration


law director
mayor’s office

mayor
safety services director


treasurer


departments

building

building dept
board of zoning appeals
agendas and minutes
design review board
sidewalk information
stormwater public education


cemetery
fire dept
income tax

general info
payroll forms & info
income tax forms
business registration (net profit only)
faqs


office on aging
parks & recreation

beaver creek reservation
maude neiding park
nordson depot

info & reservations
senior center activities


pool hours & rates


planning commission
police dept
utilities

utilities department
stormwater public education




wens
news
employment
calendar
about amherst

dora
history
amherst magazine
video tour
maps


 





select page


  
 



 



 














pool positions open

the mayor’s office is accepting summer applications for the amherst pool. we are hiring for concessions and lifeguards.  must be 15 years of age as of may 1, 2025. to request an application please email janderson@amherstohio.org by april 8th. 
read more 








maude neiding park shelters reservation info

maude neiding park has four park shelters that are available for reservations monday through saturday. all reservations are now made via city's website. see the maude neiding park page for all pertinent information and to reserve the shelter and date of your choice. 
read more 








meals on wheels delivery volunteers needed!

we need you! the amherst office on aging is currently looking for friendly people who can spare a couple hours a week to deliver hot meals to our senior citizens! we deliver lunch monday through friday except for holidays. the meals are delivered between 10:30 and... 
read more 








documents from the public meeting for north lake / oak point road improvements

documents from the public meeting  held on november 9, 2021 regarding the planned study that the cities of amherst and lorain are completing for the north lake street / oak point road corridor from the s.r. 2 interchange to the buck horn boulevard/park square drive intersection, known as the lorain/amherst western gateway improvements.
 
read more 








online and paperless billing available for utility bills

more convenient payment options the city of amherst has launched a new online billing and payment solution, offering more ways to view and pay your utilities bill, plus the addition of 24/7 phone payments and pay by text. residents can receive and view bills... 
read more 








do not flush / drain advisory

do not flush / drain advisory – cooking grease and oils, wipes, and personal hygiene products clog sewer lines…
 
read more 












wens alerts
sign up for emergency alerts via the wireless emergency notification system (wens). this is a free service provided by lorain county and the city of amherst.








online payments
online payments are accepted for the utilities, income tax, building department and office on aging.(please note: all online payments are subject to a third-party service fee.)








watch meetings live
all council and committee meetings are streamed live. archived videos can be found here as well.








video tour of amherst
watch a video tour of amherst, featuring mayor costilow, mainstreet amherst, education, parks & recreation and community organizations.








new paperless option
your utilities bills can now be sent to you electronically! save time. go green. sign up and go paperless!(there is no fee to sign up for paperless)









upcoming city events

                  month         agenda        day        month        week          2024    jan    february 2025    mar    2026         sun mon tue wed thu fri sat               1          2       3       4       5       6       7       8          9       10       11       12       13       14       15          16       17       18       19     civil service   5:30 pm      civil service @ council chambers at city hall   feb 19 @ 5:30 pm       tickets   the civil service meetings are held on the third wednesday of every month. while we do or best to ensure this calendar is kept up to date, there may not be a the civil service[...]       20     design review board   5:45 pm      design review board @ council chambers at city hall   feb 20 @ 5:45 pm       tickets   design review board meetings are scheduled for the third thursday of each month. while we do or best to ensure this calendar is kept up to date, there is the possibility of a normally scheduled[...]       21       22          23       24       25       26     zoning board of appeals   6:30 pm      zoning board of appeals @ council cambers at city hall   feb 26 @ 6:30 pm       tickets   the zoning board of appeals is scheduled to meet on the fourth wednesday of each month. while we do or best to ensure this calendar is kept up to date, there is the possibility of[...]       27     cic meeting (as needed)   8:00 am      cic meeting (as needed) @ main street amherst community center   feb 27 @ 8:00 am       tickets   when needed, the cic meets on the fourth thursday of the month. while we do or best to ensure this calendar is kept up to date, and the cic meetings are called only when needed, please[...]       28           2024    jan    february 2025    mar    2026            subscribe        add to timely calendar      add to google      add to outlook      add to apple calendar      add to other calendar      export to xml         



 







contact mayor’s office mayor mark costilow
206 south main street
amherst, ohio 44001
ph 440.988.4380
fax 440.988.3753

quick links city council
building department
income tax department
utilities department
amherst codified ordinances

external links amherst police department
amherst fire department
amherst exempted village schools
amherst historical society
amherst public library
main street amherst

 




© 2019 city of amherst, ohio. all rights reserved. 


















