



rv lots for sale - deeded rv lot in resort community.





















north georgia rv lots


 









 




 


























 








 
welcome to rv lots
 only 5 minutes from carters lake  marina



 









 



 





 














 


 
rv lots for sale 
only 5 minutes from carters lake marina. 
1 hour - 15 minutes north of atlanta, ga
  
talking rock rv resort, located just west of ellijay ga, offers the opportunity to own your very own deeded rv lot in the beautiful mountain foothills of north georgia. only 5 minutes from 3,500 acre carters lake , considered by many to be georgia's most spectacular and serene mountain lake. well stocked with striped bass, hybrids and walleye, it is a fisherman's paradise. 
 
with this comes a full amenity package including an all new clubhouse. pool, tennis, pavilion, walking trails with excercise stations, excercise room, shower and laundry facilities, and modern playground equipment are just a few of the many amenities that make talking rock rv resort stand out. 
 
the perfect affordable alternative to expensive mountain homes and cabins, talking rock rv resort offers you your very own deeded rv site, always ready for your getaways and seasonal stays. leave your rv year-round if you choose. 
 
 
 
if you are interested in more rv resort properties for sale, please visit our coosawattee river resort 
              camper lots in mountain gated community with wonderful and varied amenities  to enjoy. the majority of our lots / sites are ready with septic, electric and water hookups.
 
 









 
 
featured 
                                property

                                lot 166                                


                                 saleprice                                :
                                                                 $
                                19,900.00                                                                 
                                beautiful camper lot backed up to w                                ...   

 
 








 














 
 

susan   moody
woodland   realty
706-273-8339
sus@ellijay.com



 
 








 



 


 



 


 
 
 
 
 













home  ::  property listings   ::  rv living   ::  the community   ::  gallery   ::  site map  ::  directions  ::  contact us 
copyright ©  flint timber lp

web design and seo page one or bust
 
 
 
 








