





ayre acoustics | music systems | digital to analog converter













































































products
dealers
company
support
contact
news
shop














 






 








music systems





world class performance




extraordinary value




our passion for purity in music reproduction has driven us to design and build no-compromise stereo equipment since 1993. forged from our fully-balanced, zero-feedback designs, we innovate new technologies and implement them in the most affordable way possible. whether you are looking for the best system for music streaming, a usb dac, a phono stage, or an incredible integrated amplifier, find an ayre dealer near you and change the way you listen to music.

















new! kx-8 variable gain preamplifier




the ayre acoustics kx-8 variable gain preamplifier is one of our most anticipated products to date. featuring our newly-developed, continuously-variable-gain volume circuit, we are able to achieve incredible resolution, and detail, reminiscent of our highest grade preamplifier designs throughout the years, with a smooth continuous action. with the ability to run strictly analog, or fully loaded with the same premium quality analog to digital conversion found in our qx-8 digital hub. with optional usb and ethernet inputs, the kx-8 variable gain preamplifier can solve any systems needs.
get all the details here.





vx-8 stereo power amplifier









8-series impressions






“when you get down to it, ayre gear has a house sound that is exemplified by its ability to balance superb resolution, clarity, and drive with a smooth as silk refinement that brings music into vivid, colorful life”   –michael lavorgna, twittering machines.







“the vx-8 extends ayre’s reputation for refined amplification that commendably reproduces music of all genres while asserting its singular, special sound, as unique today, under the guiding hand of ariel brown, as with its originator, charley hansen. a heartfelt, shout-it-from-the rooftops recommendation.”   – ken micallef; stereophile vol.46 no.10.










 









positive feedback writers’ choice award!






many thanks to dr. david robinson and juan ayllon for the qb-9 twenty award and review. “a relative bargain, it packs a delightful delivery of everything digital served up. an outstanding value, the qb-9 twenty can mix it up with the best of them and, hence, earns this...




 read more… 










ayre acoustics ex-8 2.0 integrated hub d/a integrated amplifier






“with its pure treble, clear and rich midrange, ample low end, and coherence, the ayre is the finest solid state integrated i've had in my house.” —ken micallef read the full ex-8 2.0 review




 read more… 













ayre accolades








ayre acoustics’ qx-5 twenty is one of the finest-sounding, most versatile digital audio products i have had the pleasure of using.
-john atkinson, stereophile











































 
















.
.
.





 










 

sign up for newsletter








		









 










 

sign up for newsletter








		



























































font resizer
×






a decrease font size.
a reset font size.
a increase font size.














					this is a text example, use it to view what font size you would like to have
				






close









