


la dolce vita




















    
	la dolce vita
	
  
...life italian style...





saturday, july 28, 2007



	 
	 i'm a schmoozer!
	 
    


thanks to jessica in rome who handed me a schmooze award.  i am quite honored as this is my first blogging award.aw, shucks!so what is the schmooze award?  i'm quoting here from jessica's blog:“as it goes, schmoozing is the natural ability 'to converse casually, especially in order to gain an advantage or make a social connection.  good schmoozers effortlessly weave their way in and out of the blogosphere, leaving friendly trails and smiles, happily making new friends along the way.' "so now i get to pick 5 bloggers who have the power of the shmooze.nyc/caribbean ragazza  i love reading about her high-powered life in the midst of the crazy la movie scene.  she's got some great insights and stories.tracie b. at my life italian has a fantastically funny outlook on living the expat life in italy.  plus she's from texas so i have a soft spot for her. kataroma always has an intelligent and usually witty comment to say and i find that her experiences as a "third culture kid" in rome often hit home with me. texas espresso is also a fellow texan who deserves the schmooze award.  i find her blog interesting from the other perspective of expat.  by this i mean american married to an italian but living in the us.  since i know so many americans married to italians but living in italy i like to read about her life on the other side of the pond.jeff in puglia is a shmoozer too.  he gets the award because i like to read about the expat life from a man's point of view.  there are so many women expat blogs out there (nothing wrong with that, mind you) and this is a nice breath of fresh air from puglia.so now, if i've got this right,  i post the directions to participate:1. write a post with links to 5 blogs that have schmoozed you into submission.2. link to this post so that people can easily find the exact origin of the award.3. optional: proudly display the ‘power of schmooze award’ with a link to the post that you wrote.



posted by avery at 5:50 pm
8 comments






monday, july 09, 2007



	 
	 officina profumo-farmaceutica santa maria novella
	 
    


i was first aquainted with this store in new york city when my then-boyfriend/future husband introduced me to this antique line of hand-made soaps, perfumes, and toiletries.  i was immediately seduced by the packaging and gorgeous display of products and i can honestly say it was love at first sight.so when we went for a last-minute mini jaunt this weekend and our friend francesca graciously offered to watch our dog, i immediately went to the smn store here in rome to pick her up a little something nice.the pharmacy dates back to 1221 when domenican friars settled in florence but was officially opened in 1612 when fernando i di medici gave them permission to open their doors to the public.  the original recipes of balms, lotions, essences, powders and soaps are still followed to a large extent.  the quantities are limited and quality is the highest priority.  i assume this is why many of it's products have become historically famous.  caterina de’ medici, queen of france, took with her to paris the eau di cologne (later renamed to acqua di colonia). a very famous liqueur is alkermes which held the sales record in the nineteenth century; also held in high regard are elixir di china and liquore mediceo which was named in honour of the medici family and the elisir di edimburgo, an excellent bitter. and for you horror movie fans out there, hannibal lecter (aka dr. fell) personally visits the farmacia in florence and chooses a scent which he spritzes on a letter he sends to clarice.  this is actually how they track him down to florence because his identity is revealed on the videocamera in the farmacia.  in the book i believe he orders a custom-made perfume for clarice prepared and sent by the farmacia in florence.my favorites are the pomegranite bath salts and the latte soaps. there is a nice if somewhat academic video that explains more detail about the history of the famacia here.  officina profumo-farmaceutica santa maria novellacorso del rinascimento, 47  tel.06-6879608-6872446



posted by avery at 8:08 pm
5 comments






wednesday, july 04, 2007



	 
	 happy fourth of july
	 
    


it's the fourth of july which means two things:  bbq and watermelon!unfortunately i won't be indulging in either of those today  but i am turning to the depths of my many fond memories of past fourths and secretly relishing the taste of those hamburgers, potato chips, and hotdogs...mustard only please; skewered tofu and veggies(summer of '01); and that special feeling of biting off chunks of watermelon with the juice dripping down your chin as you spit the seeds into the wild yonder.  (hey, i was just a kid and those seed spitting contests were the best!)*just as a side note, italy has the worst hamburger buns i have ever tasted in my life.  they are dry, yucky, and the middle soaks through with liquid while the rest just crumbles away mercilessly into your fingers and on the plate.  yuck yuck yuck.  and they taste like cardboard.*when i was young the annual fourth of july parade started at the end of our street so every year we had prime seats on our front lawn.  before the paraders lost their stamina, before the floats started to come undone, (or to be more precise bikes with crepe paper and balloons),  before the sun started beating down and forcing everyone under the safety of the magnolia trees, we were there.  bright and early excitement bursting over our folding lawn chairs to see who has the best costume and best float of the parade.  after they announced the winner we were always soarly disappointed and the hypothesis that perhaps the contest was rigged because every year they chose the ones that sucked the hardest started to form in our fragile little minds.we would spend the day swimming and slathering sunscreen on our skins.  a few snowcones (rainbow flavor was the only way to go) and cokes and we were set until night falls.  this is when the fireflies would come out and we would chase them catching the magic in glass jars.  of course when the boy across the street started to  smear the ones he caught on his clothes to make them glow it somehow ruined the magic.  but he was a weird kid.the fireworks usually started at 9pm sharp and lasted for about half an hour.  and of course we had our very own sparklers which kept us entertained for a good 10 minutes until we finished the whole box and whined for some more.  the black cat was my sister's favorite but it scared the crap out of me.   in fact anything that had sparks of fire flaming in all directions and made loud noises scared the crap out of me.  if it was high in the air with about a mile between me and it, fine.  but if it was on the ground lit by a 12 year old pyromaniac, i ran screaming the other way.those were the days when everything felt safe and the only fear was the crazy kid across the street.  the days when staying up till 10pm was really late.  the comfort of my mom and dad was just an arm's length away and i had not a worry in the world.ahhhhh, memories.  times have obviously changed and the last 3 fourth of july's i spent in nyc were tinged with a touch of fear.  maybe nobody else felt that way but i sure did.  but i tend to be a bit on the paranoid side.   you can't really blame me after growing up with a freak neighbor who is probably in jail or wanted at large now.   so i wish everyone a happy and safe fourth!today, by the way, is also garibaldi's birthday.  he was a brilliant italian soldier who helped in the unification of italy.  there are many monuments in rome attributed to him but i don't know my italian history very well (shame on me!) and i don't have fond memories of garibaldi as i do of the 4th of july so i'm not going to talk about him.  oh, except there is a statue of garibaldi in washington sq. park in nyc!  how's that for being an international icon!  



posted by avery at 7:10 pm
1 comments






wednesday, june 27, 2007



	 
	 a nose is a nose is a nose
	 
    


loveliness extreme.our dog otto lives his life through his nose.  as a hunting dog his nose is plastered to the ground 24/7 and his sense of smell is really really amazing.  yet annoying.  this is how our morning walks usually go:in fact this is how most of our walks go.  if you can't discern what that craziness is, he's hunting for lizards.  that's why his nose is in every nook and cranny sniffing as if his life depended on it.  but what an elegant schnoz he's got!  now if i could only teach him how to go truffle hunting....



posted by avery at 5:07 pm
5 comments






saturday, june 16, 2007



	 
	 ma perche?
	 
    


why do italians use the article when mentioning certain rock bands?as in "gli iron maiden".  huh?i'm sorry but it's just iron maiden.  period.  maybe i can understand when they say "i rolling stones" or "i beatles", even though it obviously sounds better using the english "the" ("the" rolling stones).  hey, i would never do the opposite and say "the 99 posse" because it sounds better "i 99 posse". they're an italian group, they have the italian article.   but "gli acdc"?  and with the italian accent it becomes "glyeeee aahcheeeedeeeecheeeee".no no no no no.it's just wrong.



posted by avery at 5:22 pm
12 comments






tuesday, june 12, 2007



	 
	 the heat is on
	 
    


it is so dang hot in rome.  the thermometer says 24 celsius which is about 75 farenheit but this cannot be right.  normally i would be strutting around town with my sunglasses on in a perfect 75degree weather but it feels so much hotter than that.  try around 95f where you sweat while you are sitting doing nothing. thanks global warming.and today i am so craving a mexican martini.  oh the joy. the best thirst quencher around for those scorching days (ignore the fact that alcohol dehydrates)  oh austin, i miss you. for those of you in the dark a mexican martini is similar to a margarita but made like a martini.  ahem....shaken, not stirred. and the best in austin has got to be from cedar door.  with trudy's tex-mex coming in a close second.   to make your own nectar of the gods here is the creme de la creme.cedar door's original mexican martiniin a 16-oz. shaker glass full of ice combine:1 1/2 oz. sauza gold tequila*1 1/2 oz. hiram walker triple secfinish with freshly squeezed lime juice, a splash of orange juice and sweet and sour. shake well and serve in a champagne glass with a salted rim, garnished with three olives on a sword pick and lime wedge.*i would recommend a better tequila than sauza (try herradura añejo, el tesoro de don felipe, espolon añejo, or even cabo wabo añejo mileni)because the better the tequila the smoother the martini.  cheers!



posted by avery at 2:56 pm
5 comments






friday, june 01, 2007



	 
	 toscana is beeeeauuuutiful!
	 
    


we spent a few days at the sea in talamone, tuscany.  all i can say is talamone is beautiful! it is so green and lush contrasted with a clear blue blue sea.  fresh seafood, the required castel/tower that all the coastal towns have, and super friendly people.  i realy like the tuscan accent, it's very elegant and soft compared to the roman one (which of course has it's own unique charm).  it's a very very small town which takes about 5 minutes to walk from one end to the other.  there's not much to do besides sail, swim, and windsurf, and of course eat really fresh really good italian food.  but that's cool with me.



posted by avery at 8:33 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  avery 
location:  italy 
american expat living in italy
view my complete profile

blogs i like

rebel yael
gia gina
american girl in italy
at home in rome
ms. adventures in italy
allora, aspetta!
anything but dull
my life italian
finny knits
nyc/carribean ragazza
jessica in rome
the life i chose
bleeding espresso
kataroma
cherrye in calabria
texas expresso
michellanea
dellinissima
jeff in puglia
just call me mausi

previous posts

i'm a schmoozer!
officina profumo-farmaceutica santa maria novella
happy fourth of july
a nose is a nose is a nose
ma perche?
the heat is on
toscana is beeeeauuuutiful!
il lampione dell'amore
la bici vs. il motorino
osso rotto

archives

march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
march 2007
april 2007
june 2007
july 2007

city swap - sign up by nov. 15!


 

















www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from patata1017. make your own badge here.











 









