








deicke visual rehabilitation marketing - understanding your vision





























 



skip to content




deicke visual rehabilitation marketing
understanding your vision
















vision rehabilitation for patients 


visual rehabilitation options you may not be aware of
 
the phrase “vision rehabilitation” includes a variety of professional services that can recover your eyesight after vision or eyesight loss, just as physical remedy restores functions after having a stroke or other similar issues. vision treatment or rehabilitation services allow individuals who have recently lost eyesight, are blind or have low eyesight to continue to live independently and maintain their quality of living.
 
vision rehabilitation services are provided by a team of specially trained experts like low eyesight therapists, vision treatment therapists, and mobility specialists.
 
there are numerous visual rehabilitation options for low eyesight and tools to assist you during your day-to-day activities. talk to your eyesight treatment specialist or ophthalmologist about alternatives for your unique needs.  some patients will require different methods of treatment only a doctor can advise.  these can include but are not limited to glasses, lasik, prk, contacts and more.
 
vision rehabilitation options for optical lower vision aid
these tools use a magnifying lens to make things look bigger as well as easier to view
 
magnifying glasses – magnifying glasses are used like normal glasses to make your hands completely free. you can use them for reading, threading the needle, or performing other responsibilities that require focus.
 
stand magnifier – these magnifiers can look over anything that you are considering. this can help you to keep lenses at a safe distance. using the stand is helpful for individuals who are having a tremor or possibly joint disease. some of the stand magnifiers have built-in lamps so that they are always ready for use.
 
hand magnifier – a couple of magnifiers help different levels of eyesight problem. some of the models have inbuilt equipment and lighting.
 
telescope – these are utilized to see things or signs that are very far away. they can be fixed to spectacles. others are used as binoculars.
 
video magnifier – these gadgets make printed documents, images, or other tiny things to look bigger. if you want, you can modify these according to your personal vision needs.
 
 
visual rehabilitation options for low vision equipment  
these devices provide help for everyday tasks
 

audiobooks and ebooks – using audio books, you will be able to hear wording that is being read out. with ebooks readers or devices like nook, kindle, and more, you can even increase the size of the word and compare.

 

tablets and smartphones enable you to change the size of a word, change the light, as well as give voice commands.

 

computers can be used to play audio books or magnify contents of ebooks.

 

speaking gadgets such as designer watches, timers, bp monitors, and blood sugar levels machines.

 
listed below are low vision techniques or rehabilitation options for your everyday tasks
 
raise the amount of light in your own home – replace lights with high watt lights and add some more lights in low-light regions.
 
reduce glare inside and out – adjust lighting so it does not create glare. protect your sight by using wide-brimmed headwear or wear sunglasses whenever you go outdoors.
 
make contrast within your home – use the colored tablecloth with white color food or put dark color paper over the desk where there are white color papers.
 
hint markers – use heavy, strong hint markers whenever you make a shopping list or take down notes.
vision rehab
 
what you can learn from visual rehabilitation
 
communication skill: reading and writing, braille, and basics of computer technology
 
counseling: to assist you, your partner, family, and friends for learning to adapt to your eyesight loss
 
learn personal management techniques and living independently: learn to make home alterations, home fixes, self-care, financial management, having fun with entertainment and leisure activities, and how to use the phone
 
improves travel skill: moving securely indoors, using transport, and traveling securely outdoors using white cane or some other device
 
vocational rehab: getting back to work following vision damage, or searching for a job as an employment seeker with blindness or low eyesight, including vocational analysis and training, job training, job adjustment and restructuring, and job positioning.
 
 



may 18, 2017 








search for:


search



recent posts


vision rehabilitation for patients


facebooktwitter





proudly powered by wordpress
/
				theme: shoreditch by automattic.			
























