


(episode 245)





















    
	(episode 245)
	
  
sometimes... well, lots of times, really fucked up things happen to me.  more often, i think of fucked up things.   other times, i make fucked up things happen to me because i bring the fucked up things i think about to fruition.  that usually happens when i am drunk.









thursday, march 15, 2007



	 
	 i'm no fan of ahmadinejad, but this is strange
	 
    


the following correction was printed in the guardian's corrections and clarifications column, thursday february 22 2007mahmoud ahmadinejad, president of iran, has not "called for israel to be wiped off the map". the farsi phrase he employed is correctly translated as "this regime occupying jerusalem must vanish from the page of time". he was quoting a statement by iran's first islamist leader, the late ayatollah khomeini."israel must be wiped off the map" is the front page statement.  months and months later, there is a correction?is the guardian trying to revise history, or is the mainstream media doing another butt-snorkel job supporting the bush administration, whooping us up for another bullshit war with repeated lies?either way, it is disturbing.



posted by enrico giamondi at 5:47 am
0 comments






thursday, march 08, 2007



	 
	 class reunion
	 
    


i just got an email from a high school classmate. apparently, they are putting together a 20th reunion.  there are exactly four people that i want to see (out of my graduating class of 300). my emotions for the rest of the class, and what i will think as i see each of them: 1) schadenfreude extraordinaire: i'm so glad your life wound up as a complete failure. you have always been a complete waste of good carbon. you deserve what a crappy live you have. now go die. i hope it is painful. : 80% of the class. 2) ambivalent but pleased: i could care less what became of you, and if i gave a sweet fuck, i'd have tried to contact you at some point over the past 20 years. the fact that i haven't should speak far more sincerely than any polite platitude that i will exchange with you in this brief encounter. nevertheless, it is nice that your life did not wind up sucking. no, i don't really want to keep in touch. no, nothing personal, i just have way better things to do with my time. no, we shouldn't hang out. fine, here's my card. hopefully you will lose it somewhere and never call me. yawn. someone kill me to get me out of this vapid conversation. please. oh, thank god, a fire! run! 15% of the class. 3) actively and justifiably depressed: i am really sad to hear that your life wound up as a failure. i did like you, and it was a lot of fun smoking dope with you every day in high school. unfortunately, you did not have enough escape velocity to break free of the intellectual complacency or whatever other handicaps this institution gave you. seeing you today bums me out. no, we shouldn't hang out. it's just because you are now a liability to me. no, i have enough problems without coming to see you at the shelter or getting pulled over while you happen to have heroin needles in your pocket. if i can ever secretly do anything to help you, i will, but stay away from me. mostly, it just makes me sad to see what has become of you because i do appreciate all the pot you smoked with me in high school, and it was pretty cool how you taught me about prescription medication. also, i definitely never would have passed that test on metrics without you. thanks for teaching me how many grams are in an ounce. take care of that pustule or whatever it is growing on you. 5% of the class.  i don’t think i’m gonna go to my reunion. i'd rather get an enema made of thumbtacks and rubbing alcohol.



posted by enrico giamondi at 1:01 pm
0 comments






monday, november 13, 2006



	 
	 keep the "christ" in christmas
	 
    


wal mart, the south - i've said it a million times - christians are fucking idiots.  pretty much, by definition, any moron who believes that superstitious hypocritical dreck is an idiot.  but, the next time you hear one of these cunts support "keeping the christ in christmas" make sure you remind them that christmas trees are expressly forbidden by the bible."thus saith the lord, learn not the way of the heathen, and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven; for the heathen are dismayed at them. for the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe. they deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not. . . . they are altogether brutish and foolish." (jeremiah 10:2-8)



posted by enrico giamondi at 6:22 am
0 comments









	 
	 ha, ha, and fuckin ha
	 
    


biblefuck, co - what more can i say.  i am just loving the fact that ted haggard, a candidate for cunt-bag of the century, was busted for snorting crystal meth with gay prostitutes.i don't entirely disapprove of either behavior.  i think if you do crystal meth, you are a goddamned redneck moron.  that shit is stupid as fuck to put in your body.  but, if you wanna, and you dont go breaking into my house for the money for it, or your meth lab doesnt explode and kill anyone, then comb that mullet back and toot away.same thing with gay whores.  i like whores.  i've definitely fucked my share of prostitutes.  so why shouldnt a homo get the same privilege?  but when it is a bible-thumping fuckwad, trying to con the whole world into some stupid assed superstition -- who also uses his superstition-mind-control shit to influence my laws... and his influence is to try and condemn the very behavior in which he is partaking -- well fuck him in his ass with a cactus.  here he is... meth snorting and gay whore fucking ted haggard.  take a look around.  those that "doth protest too much" are usually hiding something.   i have my suspicions about scott berthold - this lawyer who runs around trying to shut down strip clubs and adult bookstores all over the country.  just look at the guy.  he doth protest a little too much, and i wonder what he's hiding.  sam brownback?  do you think he is just a fuckin nut-job, just pandering to the complete idiocy that is the state of kansas, or is he trying to cover something up?  i can't even keep track of how many of these fucks have fallen.  if you want to, the freedom from religion foundation (www.ffrf.org) has a great "black collar blotter" that it keeps in its newsletter.  it reports on all the "holier than thou" fuckers who get caught stealing or buggering altar boys.  its a laugh riot.  i do expect to see james dobson and scott berthold on there one day.



posted by enrico giamondi at 5:52 am
0 comments









	 
	 bring on more immigration!
	 
    


600 new jersey ave, washington, dc - i am all for immigration.  legal, illegal, whatever.  stick with me here... it all comes down to the existence of the "wingman."i am not entirely certain that this is the "wingman creed" i would have drafted.  nevertheless, benjamin franklin wasn't overjoyed with the constitution either, but it was good enough for him.doesn't it suck that we *need* wingmen?  american women are pretty much the worst on the planet.  they can be ok, and even incredible, but if you can get outside this country and hit on some girls elsewhere, be ready for a treat.  ok, in asia, its all about the benjamins, because if a girl is in a bar in asia, at least in thailand or indonesia, and most of singapore, she's there looking to fuck you for a few bucks.  i'm not talking about that.sweden is awesome.  if you've never been, then you'll be saying "of course it is."  no, its not all big swedish bikini team tits flying around will-nill.  on the contrary.  swedish broads are generally pretty conservative, and there are a fair number of homely swedish chicks.  but, on average, yes... they're a damned fine gene pool of hotness.but that isnt why i love them.in sweden, you walk into a bar or a club.  you see a girl you want to hit on.  you say "hello" or "hej" (pronouned "hey"), and strike up a conversation.  no matter how hot, wealthy, or whatever it is never the cunty showing off for her friends crap you can get here.  next, you offer to buy her a beer.  this is where it gets awesome.  every time i got shot down in sweden, which was about 80% of the time (not bad odds if you ask me), the girl would politely say "if you want to invite me for a beer, i would like that, but understand that i am not interested in you."holy fucking shit.  that made it worth the $8 for the beer right there.  but it gets better.then, in the majority of those situations, the girl would take the beer, and while drinking it, keep chatting with me... and then would go get a friend who she thought *might* be interested in me.  and in those situations, the kill ratio was amazing.yes, swedes dont understand the term "wingman."  they dont understand why you would need one.  when a chick turns you down in sweden, she goes and gets you a consolation prize - which can sometimes be hotter than the original target.  and you get the "i've already pre-interviewed him for you" recommendation.  that shit is like a teflon loaded armor piercing round.better yet -- they dont mind fucking you within a few hours of meeting you.  they might not.  swedish broads are not as slutty as you may think.  but they are definitely not hung up on what their friends will think, or on how many dates they need to wait to fuck you.  i only had a girl hold off one night, one time, when i was there.  why?  because she hadn't thought she would be getting laid that night and she was embarassed that she hadn't shaved her pussy in 2 weeks.  sweet.  dont even get me started about latinas.  american broads really need some re-education.  they wonder why we dont have a woman president.  when swedish women run the country, even the islamic republic of indo-fucking-nesia, and paki-motherfucking-stan have had female leaders... do you really think it is sexism that keeps them out of the presidency?no... it is their cunty fat friends that do that.  american men would be fine with a female president.  shit, we all have a mom.  we never really mind mom telling us what to do.  every frat house has a "house mom," and every group of stoners has a "trip mom."  we love moms.  we certainly wouldnt mind having a "national mom."  on the other hand... american women are so fucking uptight that we really should just carpet bomb the country with ecstasy and diet pills for a month.and that is why i am all for immigration.  dilute the fucking attitude with some lovely latina "taking care of you baby" or some swedish honesty, or some fucking asian "pretend i'm submissive, but this is how i control you and you dont even mind it" shit.



posted by enrico giamondi at 5:28 am
0 comments






saturday, october 07, 2006



	 
	 piss drunk revenge
	 
    


gainesville, fl - i have been known to be a drunk.  fuck that.  i say that i have engaged in heroic campaigns of drunken glory, and i'll challenge any swine to a duel who has a contrary opinion.drunkenness is an energy and a source of creativity for the settling of scores.  i recall, or rather i do not recall, the evening in 2001 or so when i drank myself quite painfully wasted, at the "rotator."  this was a bar, in the back of a liquor store, in gainesville, florida, and yes, it had a rotating bar... and almost no air conditioning... and a very liberal policy toward admitting underage girls.  so yes, long story short, i walked in, i drank, i rotated, i sweated, and the next morning (a saturday), i woke up to waaaa niii niii niiii yinnnngggggg..... the horrid sound of a revving two-stroke engine.  i threw the covers off my naked sweat wracked body, climbed over my underage student who had somehow wound up coming home with me (i later discovered that she was there because she drove me home), and stark raving naked, i ran out my front door to see the stupid fuck who lived next door to me revving his new fucking dirt bike at 8:30 am on a fucking saturday.dude!  people! fucking! live! here!this dickwad was in the military or something.  every time he got a paycheck, he bought himself another stupid disposable item.  projection tv, jet ski, dirt bike, but fucked if he had a dime in the bank, or if he could even afford the payments on the shit.  this idiot made $18,000 a year (which was $10,000 more a year than my part time teaching salary - but i did it to fuck young girls, so who needs money), and had about $10,000 worth of stereo equipment in his car.  anyhow, lets suffice to say that a) he made my head really hurt, and b) he assured that i would not be boning all afternoon.  so, a few months later, i was walking home.  yes, piss drunk again.  i say "piss drunk" because for some reason during that period of time, i liked peeing on everything.  like his new car.  he had just bought this bmw, and restored it from the ground up.  really did a wonderful job on it. it was parked in front of my apartment.  so i took out my keys and scratched "cunt wad" into the hood of the car.  i figure that set us about even.



posted by enrico giamondi at 9:37 pm
0 comments






monday, september 11, 2006




	 fuck the confederacy
	 



stupid bumbling redneck neighborhood, the south -- i have a moron of a neighbor.  well, i have tons of moronic neighbors.  this is about one in particular, the stupid fuck with the confederate flag over his doorway.  he claims it is an expression of "southern pride."let me put it in terms that nascar watching, cousin fucking retards can understand...it ain't about southern heritage, you stupid fuck!black southernersconsider the black southerner... yes, y'all call them "niggers."  the rest of us call them "people."  there are a hell of a lot of black people who are "southern." in fact, i'd bet that most african american families go back further than the birth of most of the "southern" states.  so... lets not call it "southern" heritage. it is "white southern heritage." because i have yet to see a black man wave a confederate flag, no matter how proud of his heritage he may be.white southern heritage... lets get it straight.before i go any further that i'll say that i support this stupid fuck's *legal* right to fly the kkk flag on his house. and if you, dear reader, think that you have a right to fly the white southern pride flag on your house, your land, your car, your boat, tattooed on your back, or just carried in your hand anywhere you like, well dag-gum, you're right!  but that doesn't exempt you from being called a stupid fuck.  (you stupid fuck).southern heritage - what bullshitlets talk a little bit about southern heritage.  first, read your history... lets go way back to the revolution. if the southern pride contingent had its way, we'd still be part of the united kingdom. aside from virginia, the southern states contributed more headaches to the war for independence than fleas on a pig pickin. yep, they started off as traitors. tories. loyalists. fucking monarchists.aaaah... southern pride.to appease the "southern pride" folks, the continental army (you know, the one that fought for our freedom from england) was forced to kick all of its african american soldiers out, and to not recruit any more. southern pride... nice heritage y'all got there.did you know that the first casualty of the revolutionary war was a black man? crispus attucks. but, because of the pre-rednecks in the south, mr. attucks wouldn't have been welcome in the continental army.  his blood was good enough to fertilize the soil of liberty, but his brother wouldn't have been welcome in the south carolina militia (nor good enough to drink from a water fountain in jacksonville).southern heritage, mmm mmmm goood....the civil war (you lost, get over it!)the white supremacist flag that you stupid redneck fucks say is an expression of "southern pride" is the flag of a group of traitors. they raised arms against the united states of america, and were responsible for the deaths of thousands of americans. so, it isn't just a racist symbol... prior to that it was the symbol of a group of traitors against the united states.  remember john walker lindh?  he was the idiot kid from california who went to jail for 20 years for carrying buckets of water to the taliban.  he never even killed anyone.  yet the entire white south (ok, most of it) says that the flag of organized traitors is an expression of pride.  it wasn't even the real flag of the confederacy.this traitor symbol was actually not even the flag of the confederacy, but was rather the naval jack, and (i believe) the flag of one of the armies of south carolina. this was never the official flag of the confederacy. there is no actual "history" associated with the st. andrew's cross flag, unless you count the dukes of hazzard's general lee car as a part of y'all's hertitage.  (which you "larry the cable guy" worshipping cunts do...).its the civil rights movement, stupid.prior to the civil rights movement, there was no palpable concept of "southern heritage" expressed by symbols of the confederacy. mississippi incorporated the confederate st. andrew's cross into its flag early on (before 1900), but the next state to do so was georgia -- which did so as a reaction to brown v. board of education. you know, the case that said that black kids were entitled to an equal education. damn closed-minded yankee liberal courts!other southern states followed suit as southern disgust grew in reaction to integration being "forced" upon them by the supreme court and the federal government.today, that flag is the preferred banner of white supremacists, neo-nazis and hate mongers, and that is how virtually all african americans see it.i stand in solidarity with them.the whole concept of southern heritage came to light just as america was ensuring african americans their constitutional rights, embracing desegregation, and tearing down the kkk - a vicious terrorist organization.coincidence? i think not.i am very supportive of any expression of pride in one's heritage. i myself am a proud italian american of sicilian extraction. i've even tattooed the crest of sicily on my shoulder, and display italian symbols proudly in my home and on my vehicles. nevertheless, i have never (nor would i) displayed the battle flag of mussolini's army, nor any symbol that is associated with the sicilian version of the kkk -- the mafia. there is enough room for pride in one's heritage without also embracing hate, ignoble history, traitors, racists, and fascists.to continue the heritage discussion -- i agree that the confederacy was not *only* about the perpetuation of slavery -- although that was pretty much what it was about.nevertheless, i agree that states' rights were an important issue. in fact, i even agree with the right of the confederate states to secede, and i believe that lincoln was wrong for forcibly bringing the south back into the union. with that as a backdrop, if the confederacy was about states' rights, then wouldn’t the historical pride of any southerner be more properly expressed by the flag of his or her individual state? when confederate soldiers fought, they fought for their *state*, not their new nation. even robert e. lee expressed his loyalty to virginia when he joined the traitor army -- not his loyalty to yet another strong federal authority.even the confederacy didn't consider itself to be a cohesive entity. you needed a passport to travel between the southern states during its four years of existence!yet now, the whole south is bound together by a common heritage? oh, wait, the whole white south.this concept of "southern pride" is simply a vestige of resistance to the civil rights movement. honestly, what does a floridian not have in common with someone from new hampshire, as far as their heritage may come into play? does someone from south carolina actually have a shared heritage with someone from texas that he does not share with someone from montana? no... it is a myth, a fabrication, and revisionist history.the bottom line is that this symbol was born from the womb of traitors and treason. it grew up to become a bigot and a hate-monger. despite any valid claims to some racially neutral meaning, it does not stand for that.if anyone wishes to proudly (stupidly) display this symbol, i support the right to do so - so strongly that i would do anything to keep the authorities from taking it down. you have a constitutional right to express anything you like.but it doesn't exempt you from being told that you are a fucking moron.and that doesn’t change the fact that this symbol, even if it was unfairly co-opted, (like the swastika, which was not always a symbol of the nazis), it stands today as a symbol of bigotry, hate, and fear.remember that the next time you hear some ignorant fuck proclaim the stars n' bars as a symbol of his "southern" heritage.  (that is, if he can take his dad's dick out of his mouth long enough to say anything).buy this sticker here - no money goes to me



posted by enrico giamondi at 7:26 am
7 comments






monday, may 22, 2006



	 
	 galileo on religion
	 
    


i do not feel obliged to believe that the same god who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forego their use.



posted by enrico giamondi at 6:25 am
0 comments






thursday, may 11, 2006




	 break the law and then classify the evidence!
	 



wastington - now this is a great deal!  seize power through illegal means, then break the law to spy on your citizens.  fuck the constitution!  when you get caught, just classify all the evidence!  wow... stalin would be proud of george w.click here for the story



posted by enrico giamondi at 6:58 am
0 comments






monday, may 08, 2006



	 
	 just some quotes
	 
    


it is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.alfred adleruntil lions have their historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunter.african proverban individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.dr. martin luther king, jr. (1928-1968)



posted by enrico giamondi at 8:52 am
0 comments






thursday, april 06, 2006




	 this site is fucking hilarious
	 



bitches ruin everything . com



posted by enrico giamondi at 11:40 am
0 comments









	 
	 republican moral values
	 
    


http://www.dkosopedia.com/wiki/moral_valueshttp://quinnell.us/politics/family.html



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:32 am
0 comments






saturday, april 01, 2006



	 
	 prayer doesn't do shit?  what a shocker!
	 
    


largest study of prayer to date finds it has no power to healby denise gellene and thomas h. maugh ii, times staff writersmarch 31, 2006the largest study yet on the therapeutic power of prayer by strangers has found that it provided no benefit to the recovery of patients who had undergone cardiac bypass surgery.in an unexpected twist, patients who knew prayers were being said for them had more complications after surgery than those who did not know, researchers reported thursday.the complications were minor, and doctors surmised that they could have been caused by the increased stress on patients worried that their conditions were so bad they needed prayers.father dean marek, a catholic priest who was involved in the research, said he wasn't surprised by the results."i am always a little leery about intercessory prayer," said marek, director of chaplain services at the mayo clinic in rochester, minn. "what we have in mind for someone else may not be what they have in mind for themselves…. it is clearly manipulative of divine action and personal choice."dr. herbert benson, associate professor of medicine at harvard medical school and one of the study's lead researchers, added: "nothing this study has produced should interfere with people praying for each other."some scientists hoped the results of the $2.5-million study, conducted at six u.s. medical centers, would bring an end to the long controversy over therapeutic prayer."there have now been two big studies, with hundreds and hundreds of patients, that show no effect," said dr. harold g. koenig, professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at duke university. "let's move on now and direct our money somewhere else."some believers in prayer concurred.sister carol rennie, prioress of st. paul's monastery in st. paul, minn., whose prayer group participated in the study, said faith couldn't be scientifically analyzed. "god must be smiling broadly," she said. "it tells me, frankly, that god's way of working with people is a mystery and that technology really can't determine the effects of prayer."scientists have been trying for at least a decade to determine whether organized prayer on the behalf of others can influence the outcome of medical treatment.previous attempts, however, were flawed by experimental and methodological errors that led critics to dismiss findings, both pro and con.thursday's study was intended to settle the matter in the most scientific manner possible. it was funded primarily by the john templeton foundation, a group based in pennsylvania that encourages the study of spirituality and science. results will be published next week in american heart journal.the study was designed as a randomized and blinded trial, meaning that most patients did not know whether someone was praying for them or not. such trials are considered the gold standard for scientific proof.more than 1,800 patients were divided into three groups: those who were told someone was praying for them; those who were told only that someone might pray for them and got prayers; and those who were told someone might pray for them but received no prayers. about 65% of the patients said they strongly believed in the power of prayer.two catholic monasteries and one protestant group offered the prayers. they were given patients' first names and the first initial of their last names. the groups started praying the night before surgery and continued for two weeks.all members of the prayer groups recited the same intercession, asking for "a successful surgery and a quick, healthy recovery and no complications."researchers said they didn't ask family members of the sick people to stop praying because it would have been unethical to do so, meaning some people received more prayers than others.the results showed that prayers had no beneficial effect on patients' recovery 30 days after surgery. overall, 59% of patients who knew they were being prayed for had complications, compared to 51% of the patients who did not receive prayers. the difference was not considered statistically significant.atrial fibrillation, a fluttering of the heart that can be related to stress, was the most common complication in all groups but was more likely to occur among patients who knew others were praying for them.all groups were just as likely to develop infections or die."we conclude that telling people introduces the stress response," said dr. charles bethea of integris baptist medical center in oklahoma city and a study researcher.he surmised that patients thought, "am i so sick that they had to call in the prayer team?"dr. richard p. sloan, a professor of behavioral medicine at columbia university school of medicine, who was not involved in the research, said the study underscored the futility of trying to measure the power of prayer.one problem in the study, he said, was that in addition to the organized prayer, some patients prayed for themselves and received prayers from families, friends, people they work with or their congregations."they have absolutely no idea how much prayer individuals in any of the groups received," sloan said. "if we can't know that, we can't draw any conclusions whatsoever about the intervention."bob barth of silent unity, the prayer organization in lee's summit, mo., that was the protestant group involved in the study, said the results didn't shake his confidence in prayer. "people of faith don't need a prayer study to know that prayer works," he said.but koenig said clinical trials would never answer that question. "science is powerful and wonderful in determining the orbit of the earth, the speed of a bullet, the power of a new drug. but now we've asked science to study something that occurs outside of space and time."this shows you shouldn't try to prove the power of the supernatural," he said.



posted by enrico giamondi at 4:02 am
0 comments






friday, march 31, 2006




	 john dean on censure
	 



former nixon white house counsel john dean testified before the senate judiciary committee today, making a forceful call for censure of president bush over his illegal wiretapping. excerpts:no presidency that i can find in history has adopted a policy of expanding presidential powers merely for the sake of expanding presidential powers.... it has been the announced policy of the bush/cheney presidency, however, from its outset, to expand presidential power for its own sake, and it continually searched for avenues to do just that, while constantly testing to see how far it can push the limits. i must add that never before have i felt the slightest reason to fear our government. nor do i frighten easily. but i do fear the bush/cheney government (and the precedents they are creating) because this administration is caught up in the rectitude of its own self-righteousness, and for all practical purposes this presidency has remained largely unchecked by its constitutional coequals....congress is now confronted with executive branch attorneys who take the most aggressive reading possible in all situations that favor executive power.... if this committee does not believe this administration is hell bent on expanding its powers ... you have been looking the other way for some five years of this presidency.... that is why censure might be the only way for the senate to avoid acquiescing in what is clearly a blatant violation of the 1978 fisa stature, not to mention the fourth amendment.i implore the senate to undertake not a partisan action, but a strong institutional action. i recall a morning -- march 21, 1973 -- that i tried to warn a president of the consequences of staying his course. i failed to convince president nixon that morning, and the rest, as they say, is history. i certainly do not claim to be prescient. then or now. but actions have consequences, and to ignore them is merely denial. today, it is very obvious that history is repeating itself.... i hope that the collective wisdom of this committee will prevail, and you will not place the president above the law by inaction.... hopefully the senate will not sit by while even more serious abuses unfold before it.



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:28 pm
0 comments






thursday, march 23, 2006




	 first they come for the pornographers
	 



lexington, ky -  i just read an interview with milos forman, the director of "the people vs. larry flynt."  that movie should be required viewing for every american.  if you don't own it, click here.forman said that he admires flynt as a person, which even i admit might be a stretch.  the movie has many omissions, inaccuracies, and it definitely sugar-coats the details of flynt's life.  do a google search for the movie title, and you'll find dozens of "feminist critiques" and crap like that regarding the movie.  it washes over or ignores a horde of negative facts about flynt.  big deal.  the point of the movie is not that flynt was a saint.  the point is that even a scumbag (i think that is how flynt describes himself in the movie) can be an unlikely champion of all of our rights.  like him or not, flynt suffered a lot so that the rest of us could be free.  when the fuck did jerry falwell, george bush, (or any other motherfucker who claims to want to protect our freedom) do that?the rest of this is pretty much lifted from here.milos forman said that the movie was about flynt's public struggle for freedom. "it was my own life experience that told me i should make this movie,' says the czech-born filmmaker. i've lived in two societies where it was the pornographers and perverts who were publicly attacked and censored first -- the nazis and the communists. we all applauded -- who wants perverts running through the streets, after all?"it's the easiest thing for the government to find support for censorship of pornography. but they are smart; they have ways of formulating the laws, so that you suddenly learn that shakespeare was a pervert, jesus was a pervert ... that, in fact, eveyone who does not conform with the government is a super-pervert."that is, of course, devastating for creativity, and for the quality of life -- for everything." continues forman. "now these regimes have stagnated and disappeared. they may rise up from the ashes under different names. but you will know, because the first thing they will attack will be the pornographers." ok, the rest of this is mine.... tell me.... doesn't milos forman's evaluation of the nazis and the communists just smack a little bit of today's bush administration?  take a look at the justice department's "priority" -- prosecuting obscenity.  obscenity!  here is a good article about this foolishness.better yet... look at the sneaky shit creeping up under section 2257.  free speech coalition.  and, other regulations that are supposedly to "protect us."fuck these christian/republican assholes.  fuck them in the ass.  don't say i didn't warn you.  i've got somewhere to go when its time to flee this country.  do you?



posted by enrico giamondi at 5:42 am
0 comments






tuesday, march 21, 2006




	 an open letter to producer david kelly (subtitle, i censor myself)
	 



boston - one of my earliest posts was slamming producer david kelly because all of his shows take place in boston, yet not a single masshole or masshole type appears in his shows.i take it all back.  i apologize.i deleted the post.did he sue me?  no.  did he send me a nasty letter?  no... my reaction to that would have been to bash him again.no... david kelly was responsible for the following clip from boston legal.  this clip shows that someone gets it.  stick it!!!!mr. kelly probably never saw my original post and probably never will.  but anyone who is responsible for that content being broadcast on the american airwaves gets a pass, deserves my respect, and has my humble apologies.  if you dont want to download the clip, or if it ever moves... here is the transcript of this part of the episode.alan shore's closing argumentalan shore: when the weapons of mass destruction thing turned out to be not true, i expected the american people to rise up. ha! they didn't.then, when the abu ghraib torture thing surfaced and it was revealed that our government participated in rendition, a practice where we kidnap people and turn them over to regimes who specialize in torture, i was sure then the american people would be heard from. we stood mute.then came the news that we jailed thousands of so-called terrorists suspects, locked them up without the right to a trial or even the right to confront their accusers. certainly, we would never stand for that. we did.and now, it's been discovered the executive branch has been conducting massive, illegal, domestic surveillance on its own citizens. you and me. and i at least consoled myself that finally, finally the american people will have had enough. evidentially, we haven't.in fact, if the people of this country have spoken, the message is we're okay with it all. torture, warrantless search and seizure, illegal wiretappings, prison without a fair trial - or any trial, war on false pretenses. we, as a citizenry, are apparently not offended.there are no demonstrations on college campuses. in fact, there's no clear indication that young people seem to notice.well, melissa hughes noticed. now, you might think, instead of withholding her taxes, she could have protested the old fashioned way. made a placard and demonstrated at a presidential or vice-presidential appearance, but we've lost the right to that as well. the secret service can now declare free speech zones to contain, control and, in effect, criminalize protest.stop for a second and try to fathom that.at a presidential rally, parade or appearance, if you have on a supportive t-shirt, you can be there. if you are wearing or carrying something in protest, you can be removed.this, in the united states of america. this in the united states of america. is melissa hughes the only one embarrassed?*alan sits down abruptly in the witness chair next to the judge*judge robert sanders: mr. shore. that's a chair for witnesses only.really long speeches make me so tired sometimes.judge sanders: please get out of the chair.alan: actually, i'm sick and tired.judge sanders: get out of the chair!alan: and what i'm most sick and tired of is how every time somebody disagrees with how the government is running things, he or she is labeled unamerican.u.s. attorney jonathan shapiro: evidentally, it's speech time.alan: and speech in this country is free, you hack! free for me, free for you. free for melissa hughes to stand up to her government and say "stick it"!u.s. attorney jonathan shapiro: objection!alan: i object to government abusing its power to squash the constitutional freedoms of its citizenry. and, god forbid, anybody challenge it. they're smeared as being a heretic.   melissa hughes is an american. melissa hughes is an american. melissa hughes is an american!judge sanders: mr. shore. unless you have anything new and fresh to say, please sit down. you've breached the decorum of my courtroom with all this hooting.alan: last night, i went to bed with a book. not as much fun as a 29 year old, but the book contained a speech by adlai stevenson. the year was 1952. he said, "the tragedy of our day is the climate of fear in which we live and fear breeds repression. too often, sinister threats to the bill of rights, to freedom of the mind are concealed under the patriotic cloak of anti-communism."today, it's the cloak of anti-terrorism. stevenson also remarked, "it's far easier to fight for principles than to live up to them."i know we are all afraid, but the bill of rights - we have to live up to that. we simply must. that's all melissa hughes was trying to say. she was speaking for you. i would ask you now to go back to that room and speak for her.



posted by enrico giamondi at 11:19 am
2 comments






monday, march 06, 2006



	 
	 have a banana you fucking slut!
	 
    


yeah.... that's a good girl.  you eat it.  all of it.  and once you're done with that one, there's a whole bunch more for you to take.... mmmm.... mmmmm .... good. 



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:59 pm
0 comments






wednesday, february 08, 2006



	 
	 flight to los angeles
	 
    


atlanta, ga - seven am flight to lax…. i’m running late, as usual.  set the alarm for 4:30, which should have left me plenty of time…. but when you roll over at 4:30 am and there’s a schoolteacher next to you… a hot schoolteacher … with the hottest ass you’ve ever seen on a white girl rubbing against you, you tend to do a lot of thinking about how you can skim the time off somewhere else… i mean, i was going to be getting on a cross country flight.  it *might* crash.  do i want to give up my last fuck, especially one with this hot little number, because i might have to skip *breakfast*?  fuck breakfast.  breakfast might be the most important meal of the day, but you only want to eat a good meal so that you can have the energy to chase pussy all day, right?  well if the pussy is right there in your bed, making little purring noises and rubbing her perfect ass against you, and whispering “put it in a little bit,” then fucking breakfast can wait, delta 205 can wait, and los angeles will still probably be there.of course, panic set in, as it usually does, the second i blew my load.  dammit… i had an hour to wash off, pack, and get to mco, get through security, and get on the plane.  i’m fucked.  but did i mention how hot the schoolteacher is?  whatever… this chick was whispering in my ear how much she liked going out with me dressed as a slut… because she’s 8 years younger than me, and she looks like she’s 18… i love girls that get off on that shit. she says she loves how attentive i am to her, even when my friends are around.  hmmm…. what the fuck would you do? pay attention to your buddies’ nitwit conversations “it wasn’t peyton manning’s fault that they lost that game,”  “mike holmgren manages a clock as badly as herman edwards,” “check this shit…. my fucking boss…..”yeah, i ask you this… do you want to listen to that shit?  or would you rather run your hand up the leg of a 5’3” little hottie, with a great ass, perky tits, who stares at you nonstop, and who just handed you her thong and asked you to taste her finger, which she just slid over her *always* wet pussy (yes, shaved, of course – and i didn’t even have to instruct her to do so).fuck it… if she thinks that makes me a “nice guy” i’ll take it.so she drops me off at mco.  i have a tsa card, so i skip security, run to the gate, and i’m the last person on the plane – again.  stewardess comments “its really bright in here, i know.”  smartass…. yes i am wearing my sunglasses because i’m fucked up on ambien and valium, and i might have huffed a quick bong hit.  so fuck you.  well, not fuck you… well yes, because literally, i’d love to fuck the stewardess…. put that on my to-do list. i get on the plane, my fucking pussy assed coworker, who i call farva (see super troopers), is sitting behind me.  what a fag.  this fucking fag orders “unsweetened iced tea, light on the ice” no matter where the fuck we are.  we could be at a titty bar – well, we couldn’t, because this fucking pussy never goes to titty bars.  but if he did, “iced tea, light on the ice.”  come on fucker, you’re a lawyer, if you don’t make enough money to order a fucking refill, then you need to start billing more.  fag. i hate this mother fucker.  i get acupuncture treatments twice a week just to chill out enough to not kill him.  yes, i get fucking needles in my fucking head just so that i don’t stab him in the neck with a cross pen.  how’s that for fair. so im on the plane… the stewardess seems to sense my predicament… which is this…. i need to get fucked up.  why?  no, not because im a lush.  because i need to make sure i am on la time when i get to la.  antonio c. is picking me up at the airport… and the cryptic message he slurred at me on the phone a few hours ago was “buddy, be ready for some fuggin asshion!  asshion mothfucker, whoseis your boy?  antonio loves yafucker….. i piggedupsomechick tolher that my buddy enrico giamondi commin to town an he needzaslutty frined an theysead thassnobproblem, we unhuh,….erica…so ericasagonablowyou, ok homes?”i love antonio. looks out for his buddies all the time.  whether its trying to line up some girls for us to be seen with in la, or its just covering my ass elswhise.so im on the plane, and i get a few drinks… crown royal, vodka, ambien (2) and a valium.  that ought to knock me out.  it does.  i wake up with my work all over the place and a terrible piss trying to break out of my cock.   at the bathroom, there is a kinda chunky asian girl waiting.  i guess i'd fuck her.  the line for the bathroom takes forever, which leads me to believe that someone in there is taking a shit.  i hate going into the airplane bathroom after someone has shat in it.  the smell is bad enough if nobody has been in there.  i consider faking that i am a nice guy, and telling the asian broad to go first… but fuck it… she’s not hot enough… of course, it would just have been to avoid smelling the fresh shit smell…. but then, what if the asian has some kung pao ass-blast to leave behind.  chances are, the asian has to take a shit…. im going in. a fat blonde exits the lavatory.  oh shit.  she’s fat enough that if she took a dump, i might puke…. i go in, shut the door, inhale deeply… no shit smell.  oh thank god.  she may have just come in to squeeze a zit or something.  excellent.  i piss, stumble to my seat, and slur “wheres my bloody mary?”  the stewardess says, “you didn’t order one, do you want one honey?”  nodding her head and rubbing my neck at the same time.  this stewardess is a little past her expiration date, but she must have been a girlfriend to a drunk or drug abuser in the past … she knows how to calm both down… great broad.  i start to think that wish i could fuck her, even if she is a little over her prime.  fuck it… i beat off to milfhunter.com, so what the fuck?  but that ain't happening… broad… i love that word… the schoolteacher looks at me funny when i call her a “good lookin’ broad.” she just chuckles and asks “how old are you again?”  so dirty… jesus... a couple of drinks and a couple of ambien and my incoherence goes off the charts done now.



posted by enrico giamondi at 3:53 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 13, 2005




	 bush on the constitution: 'it's just a goddamned piece of paper'
	 



bush on the constitution: 'it's just a goddamned piece of paper'by doug thompsondec 9, 2005, 07:53last month, republican congressional leaders filed into the oval office to meet with president george w. bush and talk about renewing the controversial usa patriot act.several provisions of the act, passed in the shell shocked period immediately following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, caused enough anger that liberal groups like the american civil liberties union had joined forces with prominent conservatives like phyllis schlafly and bob barr to oppose renewal.gop leaders told bush that his hardcore push to renew the more onerous provisions of the act could further alienate conservatives still mad at the president from his botched attempt to nominate white house counsel harriet miers to the supreme court.“i don’t give a goddamn,” bush retorted. “i’m the president and the commander-in-chief. do it my way.”“mr. president,” one aide in the meeting said. “there is a valid case that the provisions in this law undermine the constitution.”“stop throwing the constitution in my face,” bush screamed back. “it’s just a goddamned piece of paper!”i’ve talked to three people present for the meeting that day and they all confirm that the president of the united states called the constitution “a goddamned piece of paper.”and, to the bush administration, the constitution of the united states is little more than toilet paper stained from all the shit that this group of power-mad despots have dumped on the freedoms that “goddamned piece of paper” used to guarantee.attorney general alberto gonzales, while still white house counsel, wrote that the “constitution is an outdated document.”put aside, for a moment, political affiliation or personal beliefs. it doesn’t matter if you are a democrat, republican or independent. it doesn’t matter if you support the invasion or iraq or not.  despite our differences, the constitution has stood for two centuries as the defining document of our government, the final source to determine – in the end – if something is legal or right.every federal official – including the president – who takes an oath of office swears to “uphold and defend the constitution of the united states."supreme court justice antonin scalia says he cringes when someone calls the constitution a “living document.”“"oh, how i hate the phrase we have—a 'living document,’” scalia says. “we now have a constitution that means whatever we want it to mean. the constitution is not a living organism, for pete's sake.”as a judge, scalia says, “i don't have to prove that the constitution is perfect; i just have to prove that it's better than anything else.”president bush has proposed seven amendments to the constitution over the last five years, including a controversial amendment to define marriage as a “union between a man and woman.”  members of congress have proposed some 11,000 amendments over the last decade, ranging from repeal of the right to bear arms to a constitutional ban on abortion.scalia says the danger of tinkering with the constitution comes from a loss of rights.“we can take away rights just as we can grant new ones,” scalia warns. “don't think that it's a one-way street.”and don’t buy the white house hype that the usa patriot act is a necessary tool to fight terrorism. it is a dangerous law that infringes on the rights of every american citizen and, as one brave aide told president bush, something that undermines the constitution of the united states.but why should bush care? after all, the constitution is just “a goddamned piece of paper.”



posted by enrico giamondi at 4:47 am
0 comments






wednesday, november 30, 2005




	 the history of porn
	 



tracing porn's historyby vic d tuesday, november 29, 2005  today, religion seems to be at odds with pornography and sexual pleasure in general, but this was not so in ancient cultures.   many people think of pornography as an abnormality in human culture, an ugly side effect of corrupt contemporary values and a prime example of alarming moral decay in society. right wing constituents, particularly in american media, actively promote this conception - because it makes the elimination of pornography seem more desirable. this concept of pornography is perfectly wrong and exactly the opposite of the truth. pornography always has been a normal, socially important component of every healthy human culture throughout history. greece - the model archetype for all western civilization - brings us the word "pornography" (pornographia), which translates as a written depiction (a "graph") of prostitution (pornai). modern implications of words like "prostitution" are completely misleading, because the social role of prostitution in the ancient world is significantly different from its role in today's society. to understand the ethical import of pornography, we also must understand the social status of prostitution throughout history: the ancient prostitute was to ancient pornography what the modern "porn star" is to modern pornography. the prostitutes of ancient cultures like greece were usually entertainers and artists whose talents included sexual expertise and liberty. in most cases, prostitutes were the only women allowed social equality with men in terms of education and independence. ancient prostitutes also were mostly responsible citizens who often donated their hard-earned wealth to civic improvement and charity. the romans honored sex workers in their annual festival of floralia. the egyptians constructed a pyramid to honor the harlot rhodophis. today, religion seems to be at odds with pornography and sexual pleasure in general, but this was not so in ancient cultures. goddess ishtar (diety of the oldest of all known western civilizations, sumeria) was considered a prostitute. the babylonians also revered ishtar and imported her into their own pantheon, calling her har (from which we get the word harlot) and hora (the root of the word whore). in babylon and sumeria, ishtar's sacred temples functioned as pornographic production houses. it was a babylonian social expectation that every woman in society must go to a temple of ishtar and perform the rite of prostitution with a stranger at least once in her life. far from being shameful, the babylonians considered this taste of being a "porn star" to be a sacred means of attaining divine union between humans and their goddess. aphrodite, the greek goddess of love, also was the patron goddess of prostitutes. dozens of temples were raised in various cities to aphrodite the courtesan, aphrodite of brothels and aphrodite of the streetwalkers. the goddess of love also was the goddess of pornography because the greeks considered all aspects of love - from the love of god to the love of sex - to be glorious and intertwined. ancient civilizationhinduism is an ancient, sophisticated culture that survives and thrives intact to this day. the culture of india and its offshoots - the various forms of buddhism - have shaped the culture of china, japan and the entire orient. tantra is a type of hinduism that treats sexuality as a path to spiritual enlightenment and utilizes pornographic aids. hindu deities exist in male-female pairs. shiva-parvati are among the most highly respected hindu god-goddess pairs. paintings of shiva and parvati in explicit sexual poses adorn temples and houses throughout the hindu world. hindus primarily worship shiva-parvati as "shiva-lingam" - a phallic symbol penetrating a symbol of the goddess' vagina. it is worshipped, erotically enough, by pouring milk over the phallus. far from fearing, denigrating or despising "hardcore" sexuality, hinduism embraces it. many hindu temples throughout india are literally covered with pornography. sculptures of sex acts that would intrigue and arouse even today's most experienced porn lover abundantly adorn the walls of these holy, spiritual places. hinduism also produced humanity's first (and probably best) guidebook to sexuality: the kama sutra. hindu scripture depicts entire planets in heaven that are essentially cosmic strip clubs and brothels populated by indescribably beautiful prostitutes called "apsaras" and led by the famous demi-goddess urvashi. krishna is generally counted as the penultimate hindu deity (the "supreme god"). scripture's copious depiction of krishna's love life (sometimes quite erotic and intimate) would inspire any modern porn star or producer and quite probably revolutionize their spiritual lives as well. scripture documents krishna's patronage of prostitutes ("porn stars"), who were valued as respectable and important members of ancient hindu society. contemporary lifebut a shift eventually occurred in the middle east, and attitudes toward pornography and sexual pleasure began to radically diverge from those of our ancestors. about 2,000 years ago, a man named paul (aka saul) began the process of creating a religion that blended the prevalent apocalypse cults of the day with the more established but also apocalyptic religion of judaism. his religion became known as christianity. the fundamental thing that sets judeo-christian-islamic religions apart is their belief in the final end of the world: the apocalypse. most non-christian religions believe that all destruction, from personal death to the destruction of the entire universe, is followed by a new creation in an unending cycle. judeo-christian religions, however, ardently and passionately believe that the world is coming to a final absolute end, and it is coming very soon. belief in an apocalypse directly and profoundly affected the middle east's attitude toward pornography and sexuality. since at any moment, the world was on the verge of being vaporized, middle easterners thought it morally wrong to pursue pleasure and decided that those who delight in the pleasures of this world will be vaporized along with it. thus, all "pleasures of the flesh" (including a regular bath) were originally forbidden to all christians. the best pleasure - sex - was the worst sin. even marriage was a christian sin for the first 200 years of the religion, but it was reluctantly deemed acceptable only on the pretext that it would regulate the deeper evil: sex. christianity has softened and mutated over the centuries, but its foundation remains solid, which is why christians still tend to despise pornography and sexual liberty - and why the christian-influenced world we live in widely considers pornography immoral and irreligious. however, it is important to remember that in the ancient world there was a radically different moral and spiritual opinion of sexual pleasure and its depiction in the form of pornography, and that our modern values regarding sexuality and pornography were created by the vestiges of religions that arose from the grafting of judaic traditions with middle eastern apocalypse cults. conservatives wish to bring us back to a time when humanity was morally strong. but in truth, that time predates the rise of christianity. we should not return to the dark era of apocalypse cult mentalities, which brought nothing but hatred and regression. true conservatism should strive to reflect upon and incorporate models of pre-christian spirituality and morality, which caused humanity to flourish and thrive.



posted by enrico giamondi at 9:07 am
4 comments






monday, november 28, 2005



	 
	 just slappin' it....
	 
    


wackapeepee, mass. - okay... so a fellow member of the bar emails asking a question about something i wrote in a law review article... we banter back and forth a bit.  text messages get a little racy.  we shoot the shit a little, and decide to get together.  the following email exchange ensues...  read it..., then look below for the "report."from: brooke redacted sent: 3:44 pmto: enrico giamondisubject: tonightdo you want to come over my house for dinner tonight?-brooke  ----------from: enrico giamondi sent: 3:49 pmto: brooke redactedsubject: re: tonightabsolutely.-eg----------brooke redacted wrote:so much for working late tonight.     -jennie ----------                        -----original message-----                        from: enrico giamondi                         sent: 3:51 pm                        to: brooke redacted                        subject: re: re: tonight                        i'll bring work, if that would make you feel better.  we need to do *something* during the refractory periods.-------------                brooke redacted wrote:                    i will call you around five to iron out the details.  i am warning you. i just moved last weekend.  there are still some boxes in the place.                     -brooke                 -----original message-----                from: enrico giamondi                 sent: 3:54 pm                to: brooke redacted                 subject: re: re: tonight     is the bed set up?---------------------        brooke redacted wrote: yes.  and i have 1000 thread count sheets that i will be removing before you arrive.             -brooke -----------------        -----original message-----        from: enrico giamondi         sent: 4:03 pm        to: brooke redacted        subject: re: re: tonight   to put on 2000 thread count?-------------------------    subject: re: re: tonight    date: 16:02:22 -0500    from: brooke redacted    to: enrico giamondi    i'm putting a tarp down.  i’m a squirter. -brooke _________________________sounds pretty promising, huh?  ok... i get to her house, no fucking dinner.  god damn it.  ok, yes, i came there for one reason... and one reason only... but i did expect to be fed, dammit.  also, she had emailed me a picture which must have been taken five years ago .... of someone else.  as soon as i realize that i am not there for what i bargained for (she represented herself as a pretty hot ass broad... she was tepid, at best)... what do i do?  i run out to my car, grab my bong, and proceed to do bong hits in her kitchen.  she's kind of freaked out... we start talking about lots of shit... at one point, i go off on what a dipshit fucktard state i think florida is.  she gets offended, "hey, i was born here, raised here, and my whole family was too..."  oh, so i should change my opinion of this fuckbag state because i'm doing bong hits in a floridian's kitchen?  lets see... i make fun of her house, her cat, her clothes, pretty much everything.  why?  because she's not ugly enough for me to say "i'm leaving."  but she's ugly enough that i wish she would throw me out.  ok, look, i *do* have a heart, and i wasn't about to tell this broad that i would rather drive an hour home without my food and without the pussy i came to collect... so i figured if i could be an asshole enough, she'd send me packing, and my conscience would be clear.another bong hit.after another hour or so of me being an asshole, she says "you know, you're kind of an asshole."yes!!!!!i reply "i beg your pardon, i am a complete asshole... didnt you know that?"she says something, but i'm not listening.  she has big tits.  i'm really high.  all i see and hear is tits.  tits.. tits ... big tits... bong hit... tits... bla bla bla bla bla bla bla....she's blathering on .... "and then this time.... and my dad said.... and my cat.... this other time.... oh, and i was like.... and so that is why i like to be slapped around, thrown on my knees, fucked up the ass, and i love to swallow..."what?  wait.... when the fuck did she start talking like that?ok, she has my attention.essentially, well, as discussed above, she likes to be, shall we say  dominated .  ok... yes... this is true...i slap her across the face... not very hard... just testing her.  more to call "bullshit" and have her get all horrified.  i figure she'll scream at me.she starts moaning.  no fucking shit.  i smack her again.  moans louder.now mind you, i have earned the right to kick the living shit out of many ex girlfriends, but i am just not into it.  only rednecks, cops, arabs, career military, roid heads, and other assorted short-dicked motherfuckers hit women.  and believe me, i'll put my years of trying to be non-violent behind me if i see a guy manhandling a woman.  its beneath me, its beneath all guys, it disgusts me.  but, on the other hand, if she likes it.... i guess all bets are off.  i mean... it ain't "abuse" if it turns her on, is it?  fuck it, im evil.  i dont give a shit.anyhow, i was so high that i thought it was a goddamn laugh riot.  every time i smacked her, she took off another item of clothing, until she was naked, on her couch, tearing at my pants.  imagine me slapping her, her moaning, tearing her clothes off... i don't get it.  this was fucked.another bong hit.  so i start playing with her pussy... and shove my dick in her mouth.  she did a lot of talking about what a great cock-sucker she was... fucking liar.  she was mediocre at best.  but, she did have a brazilian wax job, and she wasn't lying... she fucking sprayed all over the goddamn place when she got off.  squirter status confirmed.i didnt even blow my load.  thats how bad the head was.  but, i did have another bong hit.  then i noticed that when she was having this orgasm of all orgasms, she had clawed her nails into my left buttock so deeply that my ass looked like one of those rocks on indiana jones & the temple of doom.  i look at my ass... what a fucking mess...i start yelling at her..."you fucking moron, do you think you're the only broad i'm doing this with?""jesus, i'm sorry.""you'd better be sorry, go get some fucking ice."she comes back with ice, and a bowl of strawberries.  yes... for real.  i have anothe bong hit, and fall asleep eating strawberries and having my ass iced.  i wake up in the morning, and she's asleep on her couch.  i slink out the door, drive to work, and get there really early... my secretary knows something is wrong, but knows not to ask.man, if it seems too good to be true, it probably is.



posted by enrico giamondi at 1:22 pm
0 comments






monday, november 21, 2005



	 
	 roosevelt on the executive
	 
    


"the president is merely the most important among a large number of public servants. he should be supported or opposed exactly to the degree which is warranted by his good conduct or bad conduct, his efficiency or inefficiency in rendering loyal, able, and disinterested service to the nation as a whole. therefore it is absolutely necessary that there should be full liberty to tell the truth about his acts, and this means that it is exactly necessary to blame him when he does wrong as to praise him when he does right. any other attitude in an american citizen is both base and servile. to announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are to stand by the president, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the american public. nothing but the truth should be spoken about him or any one else. but it is even more important to tell the truth, pleasant or unpleasant, about him than about any one else."    "roosevelt in the kansas city star", 149    may 7, 1918



posted by enrico giamondi at 12:38 pm
0 comments






thursday, october 13, 2005



	 
	 my date tried to murder me
	 
    


cornhole, ga - a few months ago, i went out for cocktails with a pretty attractive pharmacist.  we had some sushi, a few drinks, and i decided that i really was not that interested in her.  so, i started acting like an asshole.  i don't know why i will never learn.  women love assholes.  it's true.  occasionally, i meet a girl that i actually like... and no matter how well i treat her, she turns into a total cunt.  but... when i decide that i don't like a girl, i tell her.  and inevitably, she thinks i am kidding. i don't get it.  when i am "mr. nice guy," girls never think i'm sincere, and i get the whole "you're nothing but a player" thing from them.  (which is kind of true, but i would set aside the player badge for the right girl).  but, worse than that, girls never think i am sincere when i tell them how much i hate them.  so out with the pharmacist, and i decided to say good-night.  out of nowhere, she says "lets go to your house and sit in your jacuzzi and drink some booze."now what the fuck was i supposed to say to that?  no?"fine, lets go."so we go to my house, get in the jacuzzi, drink some booze, and engage in some mediocre sex.  at some point she gets up to leave... "aren't you going to walk me to the door?""you came in through it, you know where it is."mind you, i wasn't trying to be a dick.  i was drunk, tired, and didn't give a shit if i ever saw her again.  so, why the fuck should i walk her to the door.  i was pretty comfortable, and i thought that i made it perfectly obvious before i fucked her -- that i didn't really like her that much.  i thought she was a nutball.she leaves... and i never called her again.fast forward four months or so, and she calls me.  "hey, remember me?" "yeah, don't tell me you're pregnant.  we used condoms, remember?""i'm not pregnant you jackass, i have reservations at roy's, there are going to be five chefs, each cooking a different course, and three of them have been on iron chef.  one of them beat the iron chef.  i thought you, of all people, would love to go.ok, now i felt like a dick.  she was right.  i love that shit.  so, i accept the offer, pick her up at her house, and off to roy's we go.  on the way, she pops in a cd she burned with a bunch of my favorite music on it.  how she knew that much about me from one date is a mystery to me.  dinner was fucking phenomenal.  so phenomenal that i resolved that i was going to bang this girl so fucking hard, just out of appreciation for the $300 dinner she just treated me to.so... back to her house, in the jacuzzi, cigars... wine... the works.  and my back is hurting me a little bit.  so i ask her for an advil or an aleve or something.  she comes back with two little white pills and says "here."the sex was a lot better than the first time.  maybe because i wasn't shitfaced.  but, all of a sudden, i feel sick.  lightheaded.  dizzy.  i get up off of her, fall on the floor,  crawl to the bathroom, and start puking.  "what the fuck were those pills?" oxycontin, why?are you fucking shitting me?  i spent the whole night puking in the toilet, naked, in this chick's house, wondering if she'll just dissolve me in hydrochloric acid if i pass out.  i wondered if this was an assasination attempt.  it gets worse.i crawl to the bed, and as i am lying there, she pulls out anal beads and tries to shove them up my ass.  yes... i shit you not... i am lying, face down, on the bed, drugged, puking, and this chick wants to experiment with my butthole.  fortunately, opiates give me gas, so i ripped a huge fart at her.  she got pissed, but at least it stopped the assault on my cornhole.  next thing i know, it is 10am, i am 25 miles from work, and i feel like a junkie on east 11th street who narrowly avoided an ass raping.  i call in sick.  i tell the truth as to why i am not coming in.  my ever-so-cool boss understands.i drive home, fall in bed, and dont wake up for 22 hours.  man... payback is a bitch!



posted by enrico giamondi at 10:03 am
0 comments






thursday, october 06, 2005



	 
	 reason 134 to love howard dean
	 
    


brattleboro, vt -- no wonder howard dean couldn't win the democratic nomination.  the guy is relatively cool.  (sidebar, i did smoke a cigar at his desk when he was governor of vermont -- but he doesn't know that).  oh, the guy is relatively cool -- but he's got to learn what "hide the salami" means..."well, certainly the president can claim executive privilege.  but in the this case, i think with a lifetime appointment to the supreme court, you can't play, you know, hide the salami, or whatever it's called."--howard dean on hardball



posted by enrico giamondi at 8:45 am
0 comments









	 
	 i wish that i had voted for gore and kerry
	 
    


mt. dora, fl -- no, i didn't write this... but it gave me a laugh.  i dedicate this to all the fucking idiots who voted for bush either time, but especially the fucktards who voted for him in 2004. i am sitting here reflecting on how the world would have been different if i had not voted for bush. first, 9/11 would have never happened because gore can read a pdb and he would have stopped the hijacking of the airliners. even if 9/11 had happened under gore, he would not have gone to war with iraq and lost 2000 of our troops, maimed 10,000 others and killed 100,000 iraqis. we would not have squandered 200 billion dollars on the iraq war and might have had some money around for katrina instead of having to borrow it from china. gas would not be $3.29 a gallon because gore and kerry wouldn't have given their oil company cronies and their saudi backers the big favor of wiping out all the vehicle mileage standards, and the middle east would not be destabilized, and gore and kerry would have insisted on conservation. both gore and kerry would have recognized the global warming problems and maybe katrina would not have been so bad, had we acted to stop the gulf of mexico from heating up so much. under gore and kerry, the government would not be bankrupt and my grandchildren would not be saddled with debt, and i could possibly look forward to receiving some social security when i retire. both gore and kerry would veto the pork barrel spending bills that have forced our country into virtual bankruptcy. and finally, we would not be elevated incompetent men and woman to positions of high authority just because they kiss the presidents ass.whoops! wait a minute! i did vote for gore and kerry. it was you that voted for bush twice and have ruined our country!



posted by enrico giamondi at 7:48 am
0 comments






wednesday, october 05, 2005



	 
	 another nutty email someone sent
	 
    


dear sir:i'm a celebrity publisher and former nasa scientist that has been banished or exiled from the internet. this is not a good thing. as a business man who knows his product is superior this is a very big damn problem.i would like to neutralize the defendants and/or their desire to censor my research and my life from the global public but human society doesn't allow that. so, we sue!my work has been censored since 1998 and i am a very prolific publisher and web developer.  also, i would like to produce and host a tv program based on my work.i am currently being kept a prisoner in columbus against my will(abduction?). i have been trying to get to [redacted] since last november it appears as if ohio was turned into a cia-klan prison esp-cia-lly for human publishers like myself.get me to [redacted] alive and i can guarantee a very profitable business concerning civil rights litigation. as we both know, there is no such thing as civil or human rights in america so litigation must be for another reason? from the columbus hive,[redacted],publisher, human rights leader, scientist



posted by enrico giamondi at 10:03 am
0 comments









	 
	 cajun 101
	 
    


bayou boeuf, la -- "shuba-pie!" said new orleans resident willis babineaux. "frafer-perly yom kom drabby sham!"i'm sure you don't get it.  fuck off.



posted by enrico giamondi at 10:02 am
0 comments






friday, september 30, 2005



	 
	 intelligent design, my ass!
	 
    


harrisburg, pa -- the supreme court stated in edwards v. aguillar, that "[f]amilies entrust public schools with the education of their children, but condition their trust on the understanding that the classroom will not purposely be used to advance religious views that may conflict with the private beliefs of the student and his or her family."unfortunately, we live in a time when social conservatives and right-wing "christians" are becoming increasingly aggressive in their efforts to attempt to force their superstitions upon members of society who choose to have more rational beliefs.  as part of this aggressive promotion of religion, a majority of the dover area school district has chosen to use the code words "intelligent design" in order to promote the creationism superstition in the public schools under their control.  under lemon v. kurtzman, in order to avoid a first amendment violation, the school board must have acted with a secular purpose, in a way that does not promote (nor inhibit) religion, and the act must not result in an excessive entanglement of government with religion.  state action violates the establishment clause if it fails to satisfy any one of these factors.accordingly, despite what many anti-constitutionalists (yes, fuck you elizabeth dole) would like us to believe, the first amendment both protects our freedom of religion and our freedom *from* religion.  for the right to choose to *not* believe is certainly as important and as fundamental as the right to choose *what* to believe. with this as a legal backdrop, the dover board has some problems in this case.  the first problem i see is testimony that clearly demonstrates that the majority's motivation was to promote the christian superstition of creationism.  although there has been some attempt to characterize this as promoting intelligent design as a means of offering an alternative theory to darwinism, i can't see a shred of honesty in this characterization.  the board members' comments, if they are true, clearly show that they wanted to not only promote the existence of a deity, but to promote the christian version of this deity.    if they truly wanted to offer alternatives to scientific theories, then why has the board only chosen to offer an alternative to darwinism?  if the school board had decided to simultaneously offer alchemy as part of their chemistry curriculum; phrenology as part of their biology curriculum; magic as an alternative to physics; and astrology as an alternative to astronomy, then their motives would at least seem more pure (but still suspect).so, the first prong appears to be a slam-dunk by the plaintiffs -- there is no way that this school board acted with a secular purpose, and their reported comments make this abundantly clear.the second prong, promotion of religion, is not as much of a slam dunk, but i think that the plaintiffs have won the point here too.  intelligent design is nothing more than code for "creationism."  yes, there have been some nut-jobs who have said that the creator might have been aliens (or goblins, i guess), but ultimately, the purpose and effect is to indoctrinate children into the belief that "someone" or "something" created the universe.  you don't need to be an atheist to find this repugnant.  for example, buddhism has no creationism myth.  if a family is trying to raise their child as a buddhist, and that child is indoctrinated to believe in an intelligent creator, then the school is forcing a superstition onto that child that tells them that their religion cannot be correct.now, the counterargument is that if you are trying to raise your child as a christian, that darwinism is at odds with fundamental literal reading of the bible.  well, science is not a religion... and promotion of science that may call religion into question is not something that runs afoul of the first amendment.  under the constitution, science is allowed to challenge your religious beliefs, but not vice versa.  promotion of id, a religious superstition with absolutely zero scientific backing certainly has the effect of promoting one religion over others as well as over non-religion.  as far as the "excessive entanglement" prong goes, this is the weakest side for the plaintiffs.  the board isn't having priests teach id, and isn't requiring religious attendance.  and, from what i have seen, they have not added the bible to the reading curriculum in this district.  i see the "excessive entanglement" prong as the highest hurdle, and i am not certain that i have seen or heard any evidence thus far that clears this hurdle.nevertheless, the plaintiffs seem to have a 2-1 lead, at the very least.  more like a 2-0-1.  if the aclu loses this case, then either the lawyer threw the case on purpose, or the judge learned his ethics from antonin scalia.



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:19 pm
1 comments






monday, september 26, 2005



	 
	 derek jeter - where da white women at?
	 
    


east 183rd st, bronx - i am really disturbed to say this, but i actually am taking derek jeter's (swallows) side in something.  don't get me wrong, he's a total douchebag, but this shit is just plain wrong.apparently some asshole sent jeter (swallows) a threat letter calling him a "traitor to his race" for dating white women.  the letter matches characteristics of similar letters sent to famous black guys who cross the racial divide to collect their pussy.  these letters are sent from somewhere in northeastern ohio and pennsylvania, criticize interracial relationships.  jeter's (swallows) letter demanded that he stop dating white women or he will be "castrated, shot or set on fire."jeter (swallows) probably wouldn't be at the top of my list of yankess to treat in such a way, but i am all for castrating, shooting, and setting any member of the yankees on fire.  i'd really like to see gay-rod or giambi on fire... but i digress.first off... jeter (swallows) mother is white.  so, who the fuck is he supposed to bang?  and, i really don't get why so many black guys get a few bucks and the first thing they buy with it is a gold-digging white woman.  but, hey, i'd rather see them throw their money away on a white woman than on an escalade.  well, i guess one gets the other in those circles.  anyhow, jeter (swallows), i'm (i am ready to puke as i say this) on your side.  hell, jeter (swallows) and any other black guy with a few bucks is welcome to my share of the white women out there.  there are enough hot asian women out there for me to be satisfied for a long time, and if any of these idiot black celebrities ever saw somali, rwandese, or eritrean chicks, they'd never want white pussy again.  well, i mean the chicks from those places that get to live in a civilized country for most of their lives -- something about all the dust and flies makes them age badly in their native habitat.  i'm sickened.  someone actually made me sympathize with derek jeter (swallows).



posted by enrico giamondi at 7:33 am
0 comments






friday, september 23, 2005



	 
	 zombie porn?
	 
    


yes, this email is real....from: redacted sent: friday, september 23, 2005 4:46 pmto: redactedsubject: wanting to film a movie but not sure if it would be obscene or notsir, i want to film a movie that involves women and zombies, but no sexual content between either or. simply put, the women enter a room, the zombies rip their clothes off (to get to their flesh) and then the zombies eat the women (eating the women without any sexual acts tied to the eating part). i live in montana. i've been trying to search for any laws against obscene material, but i can't find any. i did find something about a federal obscene law. however, i find the woman body for pleasurable and i also have a fetish for clothing getting ripped off. unfortunately, the ripping of clothing seems to close to simulated rape, which i don't find arousing at all. ex... a woman runs through the woods, running through branches rips her clothing off. a woman runs from zombies, their hands slightly tearing off each article of clothing. as soon as the girls have their clothes torn off, the zombies begin tearing their skin and limbs off too. i've also seen in other movies... i.e. halfway house, re-animator, friday the 13th women are naked then getting killed. the only thing that bothers me about my own film is the actual attempt at ripping the girls clothes off, which seems close to simulated rape. i'm not trying to film any depictions of rape in this movie. thank you for your time in reading this and i hope you can get back to me,redacted



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:33 pm
0 comments









	 
	 hey alberto gonzalez, stick it up your ass!
	 
    


modesto, ca - okay, maybe it isn't fair to blame alberto gonzalez.  he's just bush's butt-boy, and butt-boys do what they are told.  i wonder if you fucking retards that voted for bush are embarassed now!  fucking dipshits.  i mean, i really think that terrorism is not something to be worried about.  although i am sure that many of you idiots out there are terrified that some turban-wearing psychopath actually cares if you live or die... but that is an argument for another day.  what i am certain that we can all agree upon (well, if "all" encompasses everyone with two brain cells to rub together) is that there are certainly better uses of the justice department's resources than creating an "obscenity task force."  yes, your government is putting together a crack team of agents to make sure that your neighbors are not watching dirty movies in the privacy of their own homes.  i would like to encourage everyone who reads this think of someone who voted republican in a swing state in 2004 and smear dog-shit on their car-door handles.  yeah, you stupid cunt... i mean you.but...in all fairness... lets remember that joe lieberman and tipper gore are democrats...



posted by enrico giamondi at 2:22 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 21, 2005




	 another good one - fuck hummers!
	 



e.g. note -- ok, so most of my blog has been lifted from other people's stuff lately.  whatever.  there has been some good shit out there lately.  maybe the country is waking up to the fact that it elected a fucking fucktard again!  dissent is cool again.  this little piece is pretty cool... and i guess i am not completely unable to see the irony in a guy who drives a porsche shitting on people who drive hummers... i had a lot more moral authority when i drove a ford focus.  of course, i still blast by h2s at 90 mph and 26 mpg.how we define ourselvesthe hummer or the communist?by avery walker | raw story columnistwe’ve all, by now, noticed a lincoln navigator or hummer adorned with about twenty american flags. that kind of irony has a tendency to jump out at you. but the other day, i noticed a 9 mpg monstrosity that took it to a new level: “freedom isn’t free” glared at me from the mammoth protrusion that would, on a standard size 1-ton truck, be known as a bumper. could you imagine an american during world war ii driving a hummer? could you imagine, in 1944, any state in the union electing a governor who not only drove such an affront to the war effort, but was himself responsible for its commercial distribution? of course not. i know it sounds trite, but during world war ii, americans all pitched in. they used rations, they participated in dim-outs, they planted victory gardens, they walked. yes, they even resorted to public transportation. during that war, people seem to have had some concept of personal responsibility, of the fact that they would need to sacrifice if america were to survive. in order to preserve their freedom, they would have to give up some of their luxuries. today, we think of luxuries as freedom.the word freedom has two definitions. don’t worry; i’m not going to quote webster’s. i’ll make up my own (or just paraphrase). one (the “american” definition) is a right and responsibility to control your own actions without external restriction. this is the form of freedom granted by the united states constitution. the other is an exemption from an obligation, duty or rule (or the “fuck you, i’m free,” definition). at some point between 1945 and the energy crisis of the late ‘70s, americans ceased to define freedom the way the bill of rights did, and began to define it the way car commercials did — “screw you, i can do whatever i want, and if i want to fund terrorism, take up two lanes, pollute, and make everyone wait two hours while i fill up in the morning, too bad, pal! i’m free!” freedom began to mean “fuck you.”something happened between the end of world war ii in 1945 and the energy crisis in 1978 (during which a revolution would have broken out if americans were asked to unplug their toaster ovens) that changed america’s idea of what freedom really means. but what was it? baby boomers? cars? those awful elvis presley musicals? it’s always popular to blame nixon… i, myself, tend to believe that it was the cold war that most horribly warped america’s idea of what freedom means. we are still so hung up about communism that we think it’s unpatriotic to even imply that one should stop consuming—even if it could cripple our enemies.the cold war was never made to be about communism vs. democracy (or at least by reagan’s day it wasn’t). it was about communism vs. capitalism. had we made it about communism vs. democracy, perhaps people would have learned to value their civil liberties more than the blue light special or a free pontiac from the oprah show. but we didn’t. so today we celebrate that the former soviet union is “taking the lead in space advertising” without giving a second thought to their “on again, off again” relationship with democracy. “who cares if they can vote? even the cosmonauts get to see ford’s new rollout!”communism was presented to americans very, very simplistically: government ownership of business, and social engineering. the true evil of communism — totalitarianism — was completely overlooked, perhaps because it so closely resembled fascism. the only freedom that was valued in the propaganda war against communism was the freedom to consume. after all, it’s called the land of opportunity, not the land of political representation!with this mindset, one gets the idea that an afternoon at neiman marcus is the best line of defense when it comes to our freedom. truly, has there ever been a lower moment in the any presidency than when, just days after the 9/11 attacks, george w. bush was asked what americans could do to help? his answer: shop til you drop! and don’t forget to “get down to disney world in florida.” even to the president, freedom cannot be won; it can only be bought. either that, or he was just afraid that if he asked something from voters for this war, they wouldn’t be so passive when it came time to hit iraq, and he figured he could plug his brother’s swing state while he was at it. but that would be unthinkably crass and horrific, so we’ll just pretend it was only stupid.while the cold war in general kept america unendingly to have all 31 flavors at their disposal, this still does not explain how it instilled in our collective psyche disdain for all what is most great about democracy: the freedom to disagree with authority. to truly warp the american mind in the way that it has over the last sixty five years, we had to convince ourselves that exercising the most american of liberties was actually un-american. this idea that dissent is unpatriotic (if we define america by the civil liberties granted in the constitution,) is the most un-american thought that one could harbor. we had to be frightened into thinking that, and there’s a reason that the cold war’s nasty little brother was called the “red scare.”one needs look no farther into the origins of this thought (or rather, cease-and-desist order on free thought) than the mccarthy era. the red scare taught us that anyone who ever favored a social program, questioned war, or thought that our government might have been wrong about anything could very well be a communist. in short, it scared americans into valuing the real evil of communism—totalitarianism, while rejecting the very philosophy that defined america.many in this country still somehow buy into the fact that if you disagree with the united states government, one can (and should) be labeled a communist. just read through the comments on a week’s worth of raw story columns; you’ll see that there are people out there who, passé as the term may now be, label anyone who’s ever questioned this president a yoga-doin’ “commie.” and these are people with a skill level at least great enough to muster use of a computer.after 9/11, the bush administration sent out two messages loud and clear: 1) don’t question us, or you’re a terrorist; and 2) spend, spend, spend! these would have gotten a president impeached (or worse) in 1945. thanks to the pioneering work of joe mccarthy, however, these ludicrous and self-defeating war cries seemed down right patriotic. and patriotism is, remember, “the last refuge of scoundrels.”the cold war, of course, was not the only thing to drastically change our idea of what america was over the last half of the 20th century. there are other things to consider, too. i just don’t think that any are so significant in and of themselves to be considered the biggest reason we decided to give our country the finger while simultaneously putting our flag “under god.”the rise of the car culture seems like an obvious answer, if we’re using the hummer as our only example. after all, a hummer doesn’t just say “fuck you”. it also says, “conspicuous consumption,” “my car could beat up your car,” “don’t i look cool?” and “this may be a deathtrap, but i feel safer.”today, any mention of a switch to hybrid automobiles is met with contempt by the elected officials most actively portraying themselves as the ones who’ll keep you safe. if just one in six cars on the road were hybrids, we wouldn’t even need middle east oil, anymore, but that doesn’t seem to matter to our president as much as getting everyone to agree that invading iraq made us all safer.why should they make us feel bad by telling us that our gas-guzzlers are funding terror when it was so much easier for the government to lie about pre-demonized “bad guys”—drug dealers (no connection to al qaeda) and saddam hussein (also no connection)?general laziness, and idyll in the glow of much bread and circuses, also deserve a lot of the blame. people don’t care, because it doesn’t affect their daily life. why should they help the war in terror? it’s not like they’re targets, right? it explains the hummers, but not the bumper stickers.fuel thirst is also only one sign of america’s unwillingness to help in the war effort. after racking up trillions in debt, we’ve actually cut taxes in a time of war. do we really believe that this “tax cut” means we’ll never have to pay this debt off? of course, this is just our “war president’s” way of exploiting america’s thirst for instant gratification. he can “cut” taxes and generate an enormous amount of debt that someone else will eventually have the unpopular duty of paying off. it’s rather like giving someone a credit card, in their name, and calling it a gift card with no limit. we’ll be sorry when the bill comes, but the bearer will be long gone.the baby boom generation is also a popular target for those who feel america’s trip in the hand basket is just about over. but one can’t say, with certainty, that they were not simply a product of their times. in fact, it looks to me like they were a lot more active at one point, even if it was for selfish reasons (nothing really hit the fan, we young-ins are told, until the college deferments were lifted).the younger generation gets much of the blame, as well, but their problem seems to be one of apathy. also, they can’t afford a hummer yet, so we really can’t tell.in the mean time, we have plenty of other evidence that their parents were totally blown over by communist paranoia. even if we ignore the war (as most of us have), there is still plenty of other evidence that most older americans value only the freedom to supersize.otherwise good human beings have consistently supported morally reprehensible and fiscally unsound policies that gore vidal best summed up as, “socialism for the rich and free enterprise for the poor.” since most communist governments were the result of an uprising of the poor, it was determined by many that any government aid to the poor was communist in nature. “universal healthcare? betty, go get me one of them bumper stickers where clinton is spelled with a commie sickle!”this country actively moves wealth from the poor to the rich through taxation. ask not what your country can buy for you, but what you can buy for your country! and yet the poor somehow support this. it is communist, you see, for the government to take from the rich and give to the poor (even in instances when that keeps the economy moving), but it is somehow capitalist for the government to transfer wealth from the poor to the rich.why? because unlike a communist country, in america, we naively believe that anyone who works hard can one day be filthy stinking rich. and then you can also profit from the pain and suffering of the poor!only through a long-lasting and at this point completely irrational fear of communism could this possibly have been achieved. it’s a form of philosophical hypocrisy i like to call communophobia! most just call it stupidity.



posted by enrico giamondi at 6:01 am
3 comments











about me

name:  enrico giamondi 
location:  projack, utah, united states 
view my complete profile

the best of trubba / episode 245
fuck the confederacy. a tribute to the stupid fucks that live in my inbred low class shithole neighborhood.
south beach brawlin' i beat this fucking guy up.  it was funny.  naked pictures of my girlfriend
flight to los angeles pills, booze, people i hate... and i hit my fucking head again
just slappin' it.... this one time, at band camp, i smacked a chick around, and she loved it.
the gimpomg!  i almost fucked this deformed chick.  
no, you stupid cunt, you can't bring your dog i'm not mentioning her name, but she wasn't hot enough to make it worth it.  
oh fuck, i ate what???? i don't know... everyone loved this one.  
i'm never using a condom again i hit my head.  fuck.  
 the tao of broads if you are a single guy, and you're not gay, you need to read this.  carry it with you everywhere.  you will regret it if you ignore my advice.
fuck mississippi mississippi... a fucktard hellhole.  discuss.
del friscos & auschwitz my birthday.  i was gassed.  
i got a lot of head at the superbowl what more do you need to know?  if you like whores and football, read this.  if not, fuck off.
  an open letter to producer david kelly i used to hate this guy, but i came around.   
 law school romantic advice some pussy posted something on the princeton review boards asking for romantic advice, so i gave it to him.  
 the mambo lounge a description of one of my apartments.
 charley & frances & america's wang what happened when there was a hurricane that totally fucked my life up, as if it wasnt fucked enough.
 the jefferson theaterthe story of a live porno theater where people fuck in the seats.  it is not pretty.
recent previous posts

i'm no fan of ahmadinejad, but this is strange
class reunion
keep the "christ" in christmas
ha, ha, and fuckin ha
bring on more immigration!
piss drunk revenge
fuck the confederacy
galileo on religion
break the law and then classify the evidence!
just some quotes

    



these are just links that i love... no connection to them.  trubba ain't got no sponsors, and don't want any!
 tucker max  one of my friends said "this guy's page makes yours look like sunday school.  fuck... i wish i could argue.
 maddox! another master of fucked up writing.  for the record, he's right... ninja's suck and pirates rule!
 mink rockmoore!   this is a twisted heap of a man... i will eventually publish the account of the three days that he and i spent in amsterdam.  
 bob berger and "trip out through the windshield you know all that random nutty shit that happens in this world?  yes, it probably happened because bob thought it up.  
guy jacobs, the author of "hard boiled men" started a blog.  definitely worth checking out.
 a link to his book on amazon
mike ruffino's "gentlemanly repose" this is a must-read, especially if you're not a fuckin pussy



support bloggers' rights!


archives

august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
march 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
march 2007








san francisco dentists




