






















home - professional dispensing systems, inc.




























































 



 






















about pdsabout uscustom sprayersthe many usesshipping infovideosshop for solutionsall productscomplete tank sprayersconnectors / adaptershoses and fittingsreplacement tanks u0026 partsspray guns / trigger valves u0026 nozzlesspecial deals / new productscontactmy accountcartsearch





sprayers designed for professionals.
we offer a complete line of stainless steel tank sprayers, extension wands, nozzles and flow through applicator brushes for your chemical application needs.
these sprayers are the answer to replacing, once and for all, the cheap plastic trigger and pump up sprayers that have frustrated you for years. with over 25 years of daily use in your own business, these dispensers have proven unbeatable.

learn more
the best sprayers in the business. period.
our sprayers are 304 food-grade stainless steel and can be used in medical, pharmaceutical, and military applications for applying cleaners, disinfectants, and antibacterial products in a safe and easy manner.
by using compressed air or co2 you eliminate the need to hand pump over and over. a single charge of up to 120psi will allow you to spray continuously until the tank is empty.

customize your sprayer


low cost of maintenance.
some of our sprayers have been in the field for up to and over 20 years. sprayers have been built with double dip tubes and double hoses and sprayers attached. one option allows a co2 system to charge/pressurize your system for sustained portability in areas where a compressor is not available. our sprayers have the ability to be re-pressurized using a 12 volt portable tire inflator. you never have to bend over and pump till your blue in the face with our sprayers, just charge and spray at will, until the tank is empty.

contact pds

best selling products




cover lid o-ring viton

$13.25
add to cart



tire valve air inlet

$9.30
add to cart



spray gun with nozzle and 50 mesh strainer

$52.95
add to cart



dress pro brush head with nozzle

$29.15
add to cart



hose swivel 90-degree

$7.80
add to cart



brass hose swivel

$13.25
add to cart


			this week’s popular products		

 


$38.85

24″ fiber reinforced polyester extension wand assembly
 


$49.75

24″ brass extension assembly
 


$40.95

24″ brass extension wand with nylon gasket included


about pds
with over 32 years experience in the automotive detailing industry, tom schurmann knows what works when it comes to applying chemicals. frustrated with spending too much money on so called chemical proof plastic trigger sprayers and pump up sprayers tom decided to build his own sprayer back in 1988. finding a 5-gallon stainless steel tank with a wide oval opening tom went to work turning this tank into a remarkable sprayer. he added an air valve to pressurize the tank, which is capable of working at 90-125psi and attached a coiled hose and spray gun. a single charge of air pressure will apply your chemicals quickly and efficiently until the tank is empty with out having to stop and pump up over and over.
learn more
the many uses
our sprayers have many uses and trades!  they have been used in auto detailers and car washes, commercial cleaning andjanitorial services, pest control, landscapers and gardeners, commercial laundries, and more. we can provide food grade sprayers, plus sprayers that can be autoclaved. with many choices of hoses, tubing, trigger valves, in plastic, brass orstainless. nozzles in thousands of sizes, patterns and volumes.extension wands, 50-100 mesh strainers, with or without built in check valves. options include setting up regulators and aircouplers for constant air supply. we listen to your needs and build a solution to fit.
customize your sprayer


let’s work together on yournext sprayer project.
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or messagesubmit © 2025 professional dispensing systems, inc. | 883 parfet st. unit j, lakewood, co 80215-5548
privacy policy | refunds and returns | 303.238.8343 | tom@pdsweb.net
please note: 
overseas or foreign countries. we do not provide direct shipping to any countries outside the united states or canada. shipping will be arranged to the freight forwarder of your choice. we will quote rates to anywhere in the us or canada only. please be specific on the details as to what documents, declarations and how many copies are necessary in order for the shipment to be handled correctly. dismiss 

























