



the center for collaborative and interactive technologies | clinician resources





























home



                search for cme
                
              



                calendar
                
              



                design courses
                
              



                about
                
                  (current)




                help
                
              




search




 search








                my profile
              



                sign in
              








find cme by: 



              your specialty
            



              interest groups
            



              ethics
            



              pain/opioids
            



              cme state requirements
            






 search



















            about
          



            newsletter
          



            center for collaborative and interactive technologies (current)




            clinician resources planning committee
          



            news from the baylor ecosystem
          



            contact us
          







home
about
the center for collaborative and interactive technologies







the center for collaborative and interactive technologies










the center for collaborative and interactive technologies (ccit) was established at baylor college of medicine by founding director dr. michael fordis in 1998 to position the college as a leader among the nation’s academic health science centers in translating evidence into practice and supporting the development of advanced websites, distance learning tools, clinical decision support, and other applications of information technology.the ccit's mission is to use the best evidence, education, and technology to improve human health. the center includes an interdisciplinary faculty and staff with expertise in a wide range of topical areas spanning medicine, information technology, web and mobile design and development, clinical and adult education, communications technology engineering, translational science, health literacy, multimedia production, it security policy and practice, and quality/process improvement. the ccit has been supported by an array of funders including the national institutes of health (nih), the agency for healthcare research and quality (ahrq), the patient-centered outcomes research institute (pcori), the cancer prevention research institute of texas (cprit), corporations, foundations, and philanthropy.











programs











      
        division of continuing professional development
      
    
the division of continuing professional development provides accreditation services and guidance to faculty and staff interested in developing programming and/or innovations for clinicians and others across the spectrum, including patients. our audiences include learners within the college, the state, the surrounding 5 state regions, nationally, and internationally.

dcpd resources









      
        division of digital health innovation
      
    
the division of digital health innovation provides custom software application development services across projects in education, dissemination and implementation, clinical decision support, just-in-time education, point-of-care learning, quality initiatives, mobile technologies, and integration into electronic health records. our collaborators include faculty, staff, as well as other learners and patients in projects with audiences that include clinicians, researchers, policymakers, students, residents, fellows, and patients and families.

ddhi products









      
        the institute for continuing professional development in quality improvement and patient safety
      
    
i-qips is a resource for bcm faculty and staff interested in expanding their knowledge, skills, and abilities in the science, application, and teaching of quality improvement and patient safety (qi/ps). the institute aims to benefit learners across the educational continuum in service to patients, families, and others in the college, our clinical affiliates, and at our external partners.

i-qips resources









ccit collaboration examples at baylor college of medicine
learn more about the innovative resources, tools, and services that ccit collaborators have developed to improve clinician training and patient care.












      
        lipidsonline - an early initiative
      
    
dr. christie ballantyne describes the foundational work of the ccit to capitalize on emerging technologies to innovate clinician education and to develop the first randomized clinical trial demonstrating the efficacy of online education in producing clinician behavioral change in alignment with clinical guidelines.










      
        advancing educational resources in pediatric echocardiography (pedecho)
      
    
dr. joshua kailin introduces pedecho, an educational platform that transforms pediatric echocardiography training and improves cardiac care.

visit site











      
        bioed online: a worldwide resource for k-12 stem education
      
    
dr. nancy moreno describes bioed online, a site that offers an array of educational resources for educators, students, and parents in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.










      
        collaborating to tackle congenital heart disease
      
    
dr. keila lopez introduces an innovative mobile app that provides transition education, skills, and individualized support for children born with chronic heart disease.








see more






services offered by the ccit

the ccit provides a broad array of services to the bcm community and external collaborators to further the missions of the college and center. if you are writing a grant proposal that will incorporate development of cme, ce, or technology applications, please contact us as soon as possible so we can assist.consultation and implementation services are available in the qi, cme/ce, and technology development arena, including:web & application software developmentwebsite and web application development & custom programmingcustom programming for educational and point-of-care learning applicationsmobile app development, including ios and android native apps and responsive, mobile-oriented websitesepic apporchard development & ehr integrationfhir & hl7 data exchangebig data analysisnatural language processing and corpus indexingsearch and discovery implementationsecure & scalable cloud infrastructure developmenthipaa & ferpa compliance for applications including patient and student datacontinuing professional developmentcme accreditation for live, rss, and enduring activitiesmoc part ii & iv implementationpoint-of-care activity development and managementcme & ce activity production supportcme & ce activity marketing supportgrant development supportuser research and assessmentqualitative & quantitative user researchfocus groups and user interviewsstatistical data analysiseducational materials productiongraphic, infographic, and data visualization designcourse development and production supporta/v recording, production, and editinganimation and screen cast video developmentcoordination of voice and acting talentwriting and production of educational materialsclinical decision aid implementationmulti-lingual/cross-cultural product developmentimplementation and dissemination consultingto get in contact with center staff to discuss potential projects and collaborations, please use our contact us form.








        get accredited cme directly to your inbox monthly
      

subscribe










search for cme
specialty
interest group
ethics
pain/opioid






design a course
meet the team
accreditation
live activities
regularly scheduled series
enduring material activities
tools and resources
grants






about
center for collaborative and interactive technologies
clinician resources planning committee
calendar
contact us
help






create an account



                  follow us on x








      baylor college of medicine takes intellectual property rights seriously. if you believe that the copyright in any of your works is being infringed, please report your concern here.
    




          © 2025 baylor college of medicine® | one baylor plaza houston, tx 77030



disclaimer


privacy policy







      your change saved successfully.
    





error


      unable to save. please refresh this page and try again.
    














