






media match & music jobs network























































navbar









about
the network
services
stats
testimonials

contact
login

media match usa
music jobs usa

music jobs uk

telabrasileira
music jobs brazil

media match italia
music jobs italia

productionhive uk




sign up

media match usa
music jobs usa

music jobs uk

telabrasileira
music jobs brazil

media match italia
music jobs italia

productionhive uk





















welcome to media match & music jobs network


your daily linkto the music and mediaindustry


the one-stop resource for music, film, television and gaming








quick access to the latest industry news and opportunities


on any of your devices






















welcome

media match & music jobs network is a global publication and online networking community, bringing our subscribers the best in industry opportunities and daily news from the world of film, tv, music and gaming, alongside a feed of up-to-the-minute stories, original editorial, guest articles and exclusive audio and video content.
the site houses a combined searchable database of over 100,691 media professionals and over 113,661 media companies, a classified forum for community posting, and a jobs board, bringing together the best in new opportunities across the united states and beyond.
media match & music jobs network is run by global tech and admin teams based in los angeles, london, dublin and rio de janeiro, comprising experts from the world of film, tv, music, social media and software design.







for professionals
a unique platform to help you build your career


market your skills on a
world stage

in a few clicks, members can build a custom profile, upload supporting media and connect with companies and individuals via the site, whilst our social networking facility encourages collaboration, both locally and internationally.





for companies
a searchable database to help find the professionals you need


circulate your content and
promote your services 

companies can search our database and instantly find the professionals whose skills match exactly their needs, whilst also promoting their services and circulating content via the editorial and advertising sections of the magazine.





the best opportunities
hundreds of opportunities posted each week


companies trust us and post
only the best opportunities

as a first mover in the music, film, television and gaming industries we are trusted by thousands of companies around the world. today we have a database of over 37,000 companies who use the site to help them find the best talent in the industries.





all you need to know
our magazine keeps you updated with news and reviews


get the latest relevant news:
great videos & articles

media match &music jobs network features up-to-the-minute industry news, original editorial, guest articles and a wealth of daily posted video and audio content. everything you need to help keep you on point and on track in your career.









an international network







mediamatch
us





go to mmusa



the number one network for us media professionals

go to mmusa






musicjobs
us





go to mjusa



the number one network for us music professionals

go to mjusa






musicjobs
uk 





go to mjuk



the number one network for uk music professionals

go to mjuk



 






telabrasileira
brazil





go to mjbr




the number one network for brazilian film & tv professionals

go to mjbr







musicjobs
brazil





go to tela



the number one network for brazilian music professionals

go to teala






mediamatch
it





go to mmit



the number one network for italian media professionals

go to mmit









musicjobs
it 





go to mjit



the number one network for italian music professionals

go to mjit






mediamatch
 global presence 





go to usa



the number one network for tv & film freelancers

go to usa






productionhive
 uk 





go to phuk



the number one network for uk film & tv professionals

go to phuk




 









what to expect from the site

media match & music jobs network continues to bring you all the best industry opportunities and news from the world of music, gaming, film and tv, alongside a new global feed of up-to-the-minute stories, original articles, guest editorial and exclusive audio and video content. 






support
our friendly support team is on hand and here to help whenever you need us



forum
post your ad, ask a question or connect with your peers





video
fresh video content posted daily to keep you inspired



opportunities
hundreds of new opportunities in your industry daily... 559,872 to date and counting





audio
from chart pop to sound art, we feature the latest and greatest tracks



ultra responsive
get ready to enjoy media match &music jobs network on all your mobile devices
















opportunities by popularity





film editor



audio visual technician



production assistant



musician



videographer



producer














industry professionals registered





companies registered





current opportunities





posted opportunities to date













what our members say






media match is awesome. i signed up as a free member just to get jobs sent to me initially, but eventually decided to pay and was able to find a great job at production company in venice within 30 days. so worth it! you will never regret it.
ricard cater



mm thank you so much for sending me the ongoing incredible job lists you offer for writers. it's clear to me that employers trust you since i'm not able to find anything close anywhere else on the web. the assurance of new jobs coming in daily has made me a much more productive freelancer.
sally johnson



 you guys rock. i have been the director of photography for quite a while working on documentaries and have always struggled to find good jobs as a cinematographer. your 10 year plus connection to the movie biz is clearly visible. i like the new look by the way.
david belle



i just got my first film gig opportunity as production assistant for a very cool company in santa monica. this would not be possible if a close friend did tell me about your website. she saw the job on twitter. i signed up and within about one week i was able to start my dream job. that what i call turnaround!
patricia lopez








our team










stu mclellan - director


stu mclellan 

director

a scot based recently relocated from los angeles to spain, stu is the group director of operations and occasional coder.when not infront of a computer, he's either underwater or on a bicycle.



 



moritz schuh - head of technology


moritz schuh

head of technology

originally from germany but based in portugal, moritz develops the code and systems underpinning media match & music jobs. he has a passion for travel, particularly to tropical locations!



 



ilaria narella - front-end developer


ilaria narella

front-end developer

ilaria, a veteran in community and content management, graphic design and copywriting, is our in-house ux/ui developer.she has a passion for travelling, writing and cooking.



 



carmine loru - content manager


carmine loru

content manager

from sardinia, carmine is based in london managing the usa music business but also keeps an eye on the italian department.he speaks catalan, loves food, travelling, reading, and playing & listening to music. 



 



paul dickie - site administrator


paul dickie

site administrator

paul manages uk music, populating the jobs boards, excelling at customer service and social media engagement.he is also a music producer and label manager, based in prague.



 



stefano tartaglia - site administrator


stefano tartaglia

site administrator

born in italy, stefano manages the italian media and music sites from london, ensuring their smooth running and dealing with user enquires.he is an active composer/songwriter and music producer.



 
 










contact us






spurkle ltd.
3rd floor, paternoster house65 st paul's churchyardlondon ec4m 8abregistered in england: 593 7989



banner/email advertising
find out more



email us:
 usa-media@media-match.com 










get social with us






					© copyright 2007-2025. spurkle ltd. all rights reserved. designed by pixel symmetry inc.
				








