

welcome to es designs

















working through the web...





home
about es designs
products & services
es designs directory
discussions
support
archive
news

 


                  es designs provides consulting services and hosting for websites through tools from userland software. userland's frontier, manila, and radio provide a strong platform for building web-based applications and sites.

                  with over 9 years experience building tools and applications with frontier, es designs provides expert consulting on developing and hosting manila sites, as well as, building tools for frontier and radio.
news and info




wordpress hosting
 es designs is now offering wordpress hosting. wordpress brings stablility and scaling that can't be matched with manila hosting. it also brings a raft of plugins to enhance your site including calendars, advanced comment spam filtering, and numerous widgets. pricing for wordpress hosting is the same as manila hosting. we also offer single site hosting, maintenance hosting, and manila to wordpress conversions. all hosting is subject to es designs' terms and conditions.
 if you are interested in setting up manila sites through es designs, please contact us at sales@es-designs.com
manila hosting
 es designs is pleased to announce our manila hosting service. we offer competitive pricing and access to es designs custom manila features, like improved member administration, discussion group administration, and email distribution. 
 our basic manila hosting package offers a custom domain name, up to 100 subsites and 500 mb of disk space for $30/month or $300/year. we also offer steep discounts for educational and non-profit institutions and single sites. all hosting is subject to es designs' terms and conditions.
 if you are interested in setting up manila sites through es designs, please contact us at sales@es-designs.com
manila sightings
 es designs develops and hosts manila websites for non-profit, neighborhood, and educational institutions in the silicon valley. sites include the united neighborhoods of santa clara county, the university neighborhoods coalition, the campus community association and the friends of coyote creek. de anza college's directory of faculty websites is a manila site that allows faculty members produce their own manila websites. the foothill de anza community college district is also using manila to build and maintain its website.
frontiermath updated for os x
 frontiermath is an dll extension that provides math functions for frontier 5 and later. frontiermath was developed for es designs by arnold lesikar. andre radke recently updated frontiermath so that it can be used with frontier 7 running on mac os x. many thanks to andre for the update. more info...
es designs moves to manila
 the es designs website was first build with frontier 4.0. since then frontier has made many improvements in its web building tools, culminating in manila. we have now flipped the switch and the es designs site is now being built through manila. you can still access most of the old site through the "archive" link, but let us know if something is missing. 
 one aspect of the new site is that you can join into discussions of information on the site or anything that es designs is doing. just follow the "discuss" link.

 









by tom clifton, © 1996-2012 es designs


email: info@es-designs.com


last update: thursday, april 5, 2012 at 5:58:40 pm.







