     gmc dealership in new orleans la | serving new orleans and metairie | mossy motors                                                                           mossy motors             sales 504-708-2978    service 504-708-4010  parts 504-708-5726      1331 s broad stnew orleans, la 70125                                     service        map        contact                      mossy motors                call 504-708-2978   directions                      new   new vehicles   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   shop click drive   hummer ev   sierra ev   2025 sierra 2500hd   prequalify     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car   order parts online   prequalify   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service   schedule service appointment   collision center   service   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts online   accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   gm accessories   collision & body shop     finance   prequalify   finance   payment calculator   value your trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   map   contact us   our history   review us   our blog     model research   what's my trade worth?   what's my trade worth?                      home   new   new vehicles   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   shop click drive   hummer ev   sierra ev   2025 sierra 2500hd   prequalify     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car   order parts online   prequalify   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service   schedule service appointment   collision center   service   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts online   accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   gm accessories   collision & body shop     finance   prequalify   finance   payment calculator   value your trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   map   contact us   our history   review us   our blog     model research   what's my trade worth?   what's my trade worth?               



                                                                    

inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        shopping tools








shop our trucks










shop
 certified










 shop
tires










 order
accessories






         our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway    explore all new inventory         


schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive





certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified



      

mossy motors
certified gmc service in new orleans | repair near me
we know it is hard to find the right people to take care of your vehicle. but here at mossy motors, your local new orleans gmc dealership, serving surrounding areas, we take care of your car like it's our own.
when our ase-certified technicians perform an oil change, routine maintenance, or expert repair, they focus on giving metairie, gretna, and slidell, la the kind of gmc auto service that will keep you coming back. additionally, our state-of-the-art collision center is the largest in the new orleans area and will work with your insurance company to get you back on the road after an accident.
you can view our service specials, schedule an appointment, or order parts online. you can visit mossy motors's service department monday – friday from 7:30 am to 5:30 pm or call ahead at 504-708-2978.


schedule service now
collision center
shop tires
order accessories




       
     


2025
sierra 1500
from the hardworking pro and the well-equipped slt to the off-road ready at4 and the luxurious denali ultimate, there’s a gmc sierra 1500 pickup truck ready to help you take on whatever lies ahead.
view inventory






     



mossy motors
new & used gmc dealership in new orleans, la
metairie, slidell, and gretna, la drivers will be thrilled to know that all new orleans gmc customers have been provided high-quality vehicles at a great value since 1934 by mossy motors. we pride ourselves on providing excellent customer service for the past eighty-plus years. we are conveniently located for gretna, metairie, and slidell, la gmc shoppers. at mossy motors, we want every customer to drive away happy. gretna gmc vehicle buyers will be glad to learn that service is our main goal. whether you come to us to find a new or pre-owned vehicle, service your vehicle, or buy an auto part, we’re thrilled to help you with all your automotive needs.
mossy motors has a large inventory of vehicles and in new orleans, near gretna, metairie, and slidell, la gmc automotive source!

















our history






                            








    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 6:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm     tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 5:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed        

     


mossy motors
new orleans gmc dealership | near metairie
if you live in greater new orleans and need a new or preowned vehicle, there are a lot of great reasons to choose mossy motors, serving new orleans metairie harvey gretna and the neighboring communities for more than 80 years. there's a lot to love about us, beginning with our lineup. we offer the most compelling suvs available with the likes of the gmc acadia, yukon, yukon xl and hummer ev. if you prefer a crossover, your options include the terrain from gmc and the encore, encore gx, envision and envision avenir from our customers who want a pickup can opt for the midsize canyon, full-size sierra 1500 and the ultra-capable sierra hd 2500 and 3500. you can also expect great customer service, low everyday prices, exciting specials and flexible financing options.


why buy a new gmc from mossy motors new orleans car, truck, suv dealership
gmc make many of the most compelling vehicles on the market, and they’re all available at our gmc dealership in new orleans. these vehicles are affordable, deliver an excellent value proposition and are loaded with modern amenities and advanced technologies. another reason to choose us is that you’ll love the way we handle business. we have so many loyal customers because we treat people fairly and with respect. our sales team will never play games or resort to high-pressure tactics. we just want to help you find the right vehicle for you and earn a loyal customer in the process.
gmc auto repair in new orleans
our gmc dealership serving new orleans metairie harvey gretna also has world-class facilities where we perform preventative automotive maintenance, advanced diagnostics and repairs, certified service and bodywork. we also have a parts store and a tire center. you can visit our location at your convenience for services like oil changes, battery check and replacement, tire tread check and replacement and wiper blade replacement. if you need to schedule an appointment, you can do that by phone or online through our website, and when you drop your vehicle off with us, we have a shuttle that can take you home or to work at no additional cost.


car loans and gmc finance | near metairie, gretna, harvey, slidell
if you want to finance your next vehicle either with an auto loan or lease, our gmc dealership in new orleans can help with that as well. we have an in-house finance department that collaborates with many different lenders throughout the state of la. having many lending partners means that we can help practically all customers, including those with no credit or credit that is a work in progress, and we can help you find the best financial product for you based on the price of the vehicle, how much you want to put down and how much you want to pay each month.
used cars, trucks, suvs for sale sales in new orleans
our gmc dealership serving new orleans metairie harvey gretna and beyond is also the right choice for shoppers who want a used vehicle. we have a large and diverse selection of preowned gmc vehicles. our inventory includes popular models from many other makes as well. shop our used vehicles in person or online. if you have something specific in mind, we can probably help you find it, and we can assist you with financing your used vehicle as well.


your local gmc dealership in new orleans
mossy motors is proud to be the premier gmc dealership serving new orleans metairie harvey gretna and the neighboring communities. if you need any assistance, call, email or reach out to us via live chat on our website. we’re happy to answer questions, discuss current specials, explore finance and lease options and much more.


                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | mossy motors | 1331 s broad st, new orleans, la 70125 | sales: 504-708-2978              

















                 