                                
	mutual 1st federal | personal & business banking in omaha, ne
             skip to main content   online banking  

 

welcome to...mutual 1st federalwe're glad you stopped by! let's get started.i'm new here!
i'm a current member!


   

my financial goal is to:make a major purchasemanage my financesplan for retirementsave for medical expenses










                        auto
                    

                        looking for an for auto loan? you're in the right spot!
                    


save over $1,000 on average over the life of your auto loan.rates as low as 5.49% apr for 48 months. 


                                learn more about auto










                        mortgage
                    

                        we're here to help you say, "home sweet home" in no time!
                    



get pre-qualified for a mortgage loan. use our simple online mortgage application.
we offer some of the most competitive rates and lowest closing costs around.



                                learn more about mortgage










                        home equity
                    

                        finance your home improvements!
                    


access the funds as you need them with a cash advance.5.25% apr* introductory rate for the first 12 months.


                                learn more about home equity










                        personal
                    

                        we can fit a personal loan to match your lifestyle and budget.
                    



easily access your line of credit with a cash advance to your mutual 1st federal account.
pay off your line of credit and use it again when needed.



                                learn more about personal










view rates                                                    
                                for loans
                            




apply                                                    
                                apply for a loan
                            














                        online & mobile
                    

                        manage your money your way on your time, at home or away!
                    



spend less time thinking about your money and more time putting what matters 1st.
pay your bills, deposit checks, transfer funds, pay loans and credit cards, and turn your debit cards on and off easily from your phone, tablet or computer.



                                learn more about online & mobile










                        banking services
                    

                        services to help you manage your money!
                    



access account services including direct deposit, reorder checks, request stop payments and more.



                                learn more about banking services










                        calculators
                    

                        reach your financial goal and more with our free financial calculators.
                    



find the right loan payment, calculate your refinance savings or determine how long it will take to reach a financial goal and more with our free financial calculators.



                                learn more about calculators










download on the app store                                        



download on google play                                        



become a member                                                    
                                become a member
                            




learn more about us                                        













                        individual retirement accounts
                    

                         we offer traditional iras and roth iras as additional savings options for you.
                    



compounding interest allows the certificate to grow and reinvests the dividends, resulting in a higher yield
terms from 6 months to 5 years



                                ira details
                            









                        insurance
                    

                        the key is finding coverage that fits your needs and budget from someone you can trust.
                    


the right insurance can help give you peace of mind. backed by more than 80 years of working with credit unions and their members, you can count on trustage to help protect what matters most.


                                insurance information
                            









                        cool million calculator
                    

save a cool million!



use our cool million calculator to determine how much you need to save each month to get to a million dollars.


                                learn more about cool million calculator










                        become a member
                    

we're here to help improve your financial well-being by offering you convenient products and services at great rates.



lower rates, better dividends and lower feesfree mobile banking app, including mobile check deposit


                                become a member
                            









safe deposit boxes                                        



apply for a personal line of credit                                        



become a member                                                    
                                become a member
                            














                        budget calculator
                    

                        easily set up a budget with our budget calculator.
                    


see where all you money is going and set up a budget to reach your savings goals.


                                use budget calculator
                            









                        insurance
                    

                        the key is finding coverage that fits your needs and budget from someone you can trust.
                    


the right insurance can help give you peace of mind. backed by more than 80 years of working with credit unions and their members, you can count on trustage to help protect what matters most.


                                insurance information
                            









                        become a member
                    

we're here to help improve your financial well-being by offering you convenient products and services at great rates.



lower rates, better dividends and lower feesfree mobile banking app, including mobile check deposit


                                become a member
                            









                        hsa
                    

                        use your health savings account for doctor visits, prescriptions, dental check-ups and more.
                    



sign up for a high-deductible health plan through your employer.
you contribute to your hsa with pre-tax dollars. you'll decide how much through your employer, but just know the government sets up guidelines for maximum contributions.



                                hsa details
                            









view rates                                                    
                                for loans
                            




apply                                                    
                                apply for a loan
                            





   





online bankingusername
 
enroll now!


loan pay


new to mutual 1st federal?learn more about becoming a member!membership 
 membership

   close online banking                  
                    continue to home page
                        
