










 st. mary's church – a living faith in a historic place









































 
contact ussign up for e-newsfind uson-line giving 







about us

contact us welcome clergy / staff leadership stewardship resources

photos and video 

worship

online service bulletin and announcement worship schedule worship ministries

altar guild 
music baptism marriage confirmation funerals pastoral services
our faith

what we believe sacraments faq
our community

getting involved becoming a member hospitality outreach / in reach

ladle of love prayer quilts 

education

education church school sunday morning
history

history architecture

old st. mary’s church 
churchyard archives
 















 





worship schedule
our regular schedule

saturday low mass at 5:30 p.m. (rite i)
sunday low mass at 7:30 a.m. (rite i)choral eucharist at 9 a.m. (rite i)
friday low mass at noon (rite i)

(the first friday of the month is a requiem for the departed; the second friday includes anointing for healing.)
during the summer months all services are held in old st. mary’s church on the corner of west broad and wood street. the building is air conditioned.
other weekdays and holy days will be noted on the parish calendar of events.
stations of the cross is read on fridays at 5:30 p.m. during lent.

the offering plate: congregants are invited to leave their offering in the offering plate located inside the door as they enter the church. no passing of the plate will occur. please consider utilizing online giving at www.stmarysburlington.org/on-line-giving/

continued prayer: as always, please keep each other in prayer.if you wish to view the sunday service, or other “streamed” services, live on facebook and instagram, you can follow along with the bulletin found on the st. mary’s website:click here to view>>>>
you don’t  need to belong to facebook in order to view the videos online at https://www.facebook.com/stmarysburlington/.  you can also watch the service on instagram @stmarysburlington, tap the link in the bio to view.
coffee hour after the 9 a.m. service is scheduled once a month.




 
 
  weekly e-news read more    upcoming events read more    view full calendar read more   




latest news 






 

ladle of loveon january 13, 2022st. mary’s ladle of love operates as a food pantry for the community on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th wednesday of each month at st.... read more  














 © 2025 st. mary's church. all rights reserved 
 

 
































