

adventure travel television | passport to adventure | pbs travel tv



















home



destinations

articles/videos
on location blog




new



travel books 


blog



about us


 
 





inspiring television that ignites a passion for travel & discovery!

meet julie and the crew of the adventure travel tv series passport to adventure! 





connect withpassport to adventure
        on facebook












 

 

 

 

 

 
passport to adventure airs on public television stations across the united states.
 
your support keeps quality programming accessible to everyone! please contact your local station and let them know you are a fan of passport to adventure. your feedback helps keep us on the air - thanks!





explore
click the interactive map to  explore your world. we have stories, dvds, books and travel tips on plenty of exciting destinations! (click to zoom, then click red dots)









travel blog
plan your next adventure, get the inside scoop on your next destination! 






new episodes 
the latest insights into great locations, from passport to adventure.






travel books 
do you share julie's passion for travel?  this reading list will enrich your life, whether you're  at home or on the road!



featured destinations









gasping for air in alberta, canada
for over a century, travelers have come from every corner of the world to alberta, canada, to take in the grandeur of her rocky mountain national parks. there is no question that the rockies deserve their fame, but they majestically overshadow the provinces many other attractions and history...

more about alberta >
 
 
british virgin islands: charter in paradise
all i knew about the british virgin islands was that there are some fabulous resorts, a few infamous, beachside party spots, and that they're a mecca for cruisers and divers. we would be touring the islands aboard a sleek catamaran, complete with captain and cook, then taking the helm ourselves for a few days of bare boating...

more about the bvi >
 
jaw dropping patagonia
around every bend in the road, gasps of amazement are uttered - "holy ... did you see that?", "look at that water", "look at that mountain!" it seems that every type of geographic wonder has been crammed into this one small area.
the best time of year to travel to aysen (also aisen) is nov-april, (summer in the southern hemisphere). the "normal" weather is cool, cloudy & windy with frequent rain...

more about patagonia >
 


 
 
 
 
 



 

 



collision of cultures in macau
there have been rare moments in history where the collisions of cultures produced a prosperous, harmonious society. macau was the first european settlement in asia (older than hong kong by 300 years). the sea faring portuguese protected chinese goods from pirates and in exchange were allowed to settle in macau and became the sole trading agents for china. the portuguese alliance with the chinese jumped started the global economy... 

more about macau >  video
 
guam: east meets west
warm, turquoise waters, lush jungles, intriguing island culture, cosmopolitan shopping and a plethora of historical sites await the traveler that makes the trek to guam.
the island is an endearing mix of asia, 1960's america and exotic pacific island. we ventured into the little traveled parts of the island to swim in waterfalls, cha cha with the locals at the wednesday night fiesta...

more about guam >
 
cruising the mekong delta
there is so much life on the mekong, so much history, so much to see and to learn. for years, i have been slowly chipping away, small sections at a time, at my dream of cruising the length of the mekong - from china to the delta. two years ago we did the laos sections, and this time, we covered ho chi minh city to siem reap cambodia. one of these days, i'll spend a year covering the entire 2500 miles!...

more about mekong delta cruise>


 
 
passport to adventure is currently airing in europe
on travel channel uk! view their video trailer. 
 



 
 

sign up for email updates and newsletters from julie:



















on location 
travel dispatches and trip ideas:
      
julie's latest photos, travel tips and musings from the road. recently at ho chi minh, vietnam 


new episodes! check them out here. purchase one to add to your personal collection!


the latest from the whole crew at the passport to adventure blog.

















web  
        
passport site 












home | destinations | buy videos & dvds | travel books  | new episodes |contact | our travel blog
 
© 1999-2011 passport to adventure. all rights reserved. 






 






