







home | foodmaven




























































0








        skip to content
      































        blog
      



        contact us
      
















open menu
close menu
















open menu
close menu
































        blog
      



        contact us
      



























                  blog
                





                  contact us
                




















procurement ai for foodservice



maximize revenueminimize costensure your impact



seamlessly provide food service operators with the data they need to make the best purchasing decisions.
















    learn more
  














smart procurement made simple


























shopping assistantour easy-to-install browser extension ensures purchasers are always able to find the right product using their regular e-commerce platform. make sure they know which products are contracted, have the best price, meet sustainability goals, or are substitutes in case of an out-of-stock. optimize purchasing behavior without having to change processes or platforms.


























order guide optimizationsee a consolidated view of all of the available products that match your criteria based on vendor, attributes, sustainability, or cost. quickly understand what your options are and make the final decision on how to optimize your purchasing. save time while maximizing your impact.


























cost forecastingunderstanding how costs are impacted across multiple vendors, unit-specific catalogs, thousands of skus, and thousands of product attributes is a massive challenge and incredibly difficult to do real-time. our procurement ai can quickly index your relevant data with limited data preparation and automatically standardize and match products to make it easy for you to find the insights that impact your bottom line.














why foodmaven


























flexibility



adaptable to most e-commerce and procurement platforms.















performance



proprietary algorithms and data provide industry-leading results.















understanding



our data structure has over 8,000 defined food product attributes so you have the clearest picture possible.














benefits


























make better decisions with access to all relevant data



understanding all your options across multiple vendors and thousands of skus can be a significant challenge. quickly know all the relevant products based on criteria important to your business so you can make the best decisions without delay.


























eliminate manual processes and save time



making sense of all the product data across catalogs takes countless hours of manual work. save your time for the most valuable decisions and let foodmaven go through the tedious work of searching and matching similar products.


























don’t miss out on opportunities because of messy data



finding the product you're looking for can be difficult when there are different naming conventions, acronyms, and duplicate skus. stop missing out on the products best suited to your business by letting foodmaven find the options you might have otherwise missed.




    get more information
  














our partners





























































































































































































terms of serviceprivacy policydo not sell my personal information



blogcontact uscareers




































  











