






 
alexanders inc – your preferred cleaning service company

















































































skip to content



we are open mon-fri  8:00am – 5:00pm (805) 925-3779 


alexanders inc
your preferred cleaning service company

home services contact us 



 
home services contact us 










more than just clean! 
							
 click here
for services! 
get started today! 
							 














normal cleaning won’t cut it! call us now! (805)925-3779











 get your business back to work with us!
we follow all the cdc cleaning/disinfecting recommendations to make you work space safe for all!
at alexanders inc. we are closely monitoring the information and guidelines put out by the cdc.
cleaning for your health is our priority!
cdc





looking for a way to deep clean and decontaminate your business premises?
electrostatic spray technology is one professional fix that uses electrical charge to allow the appropriate sanitizer and disinfectants to wrap around and evenly coat all types of surfaces for a more complete sanitizing


learn more








call us now! (805) 925-3779
we are closely monitoring the information and guidelines put by the cdc. alexander’s inc. is making it a priority to keep our customers place of home and business as clean as possible using the latest in equipment, cleaner and systems. cleaning for your health is our priority!
cdc


welcome to alexander’s inc!


our history!alexander’s inc. is locally owned and operated, and has been providing cleaning services since 2003. we are not a franchise because we know your home or office deserves a personal touch from a local business that cleaning franchises just can’t offer. not only does our staff employ the latest cleaning techniques such as maintenance services, we spare no expense using quality equipment to make sure you get the best clean commercially possible. also, we are committed to regularly updating our training and certification to provide superior cleaning services for all of our clients, big and small. we continuously strive to be the best and most efficient commercial and residential cleaning company on the central coast!contact us





our services











home cleaning
come home to a clean home or schedule a quarterly deep clean!
learn more













commercial cleaning
alexander’s inc provides office cleaning, janitorial services to a wide range of facilities.
learn more













maintenance services
professional clean and seal on all types of flooring for commercial and residential.
learn more













air ducts
alexander’s inc. provides superior hvac duct cleaning services.
learn more













window cleaning and pressure washing
we recommend windows be done washed twice a year, to avoid grime build up.
learn more













carpet cleaning
residential and commercial carpet cleaning. hot water extraction and steam cleaning method.
learn more










our promise!






to provide the highest level of service to our clients through detail, quality, and promptness.
to promote and practice safety and good ethics at all times.
to clean better, faster, and more efficiently than any other cleaning team on the central coast.
to lead the industry in adopting cleaning methods and customer service innovations.
to be a trusted partner with our customers














phone number: (805) 925-3779 e-mail click here to email us!business hours:mon-fri  8:00am – 5:00pm 








					alexander's inc. copyright © 2025  all rights reserved | managed and designed byyour biz webdesign 









go to top


















































