











debt consolidation | personalloans.com



















































































































































































































our service is free, but we may be compensated for sharing your info and marketing non-loan products | privacy policy



















menu







home
about us
how it works
















is a debt consolidation loan right for you?
it is easy to become overwhelmed by debt, especially when dealing with multiple accounts, payment deadlines, high-interest rates, and fees. paying off debt in any amount requires careful planning and consistency, but it doesn’t have to be complicated or difficult. consider using a debt consolidation loan to combine accounts and pay down your total debt more quickly.

start your debt consolidation request











by clicking the button above, you consent and agree:

for personalloans.com to lookup whether i have an existing account with its affiliated websites and utilize my existing account information for this request.
to receive marketing communications for both loans and other credit-related products like debt relief, credit repair, banking, and credit-monitoring.
to the privacy policy, terms of use, ad disclosure, credit authorization, rates & fees, responsible lending, and  e-consent.









articles

bad credit
fast cash
debt consolidation
emergency
home improvement
credit reports & credit scores


loan types

online loans
tax loans


learn more

faq
rates & fees
how it works
about us

 
debt consolidation
how to consolidate debt the easy way
is a debt consolidation loan right for you?
it is easy to become overwhelmed by debt, especially when dealing with multiple accounts, payment deadlines, high-interest rates, and fees. paying off debt in any amount requires careful planning and consistency, but it doesn’t have to be complicated or difficult. consider using a debt consolidation loan to combine accounts and pay down your total debt more quickly.
what is debt consolidation?
debt consolidation is a method that takes multiple debt accounts and combines them into one loan with one payment. in other words, you can take several credit cards, loans, or bills and roll them into one loan. often, you can get a lower fixed interest rate than you had on the previous debt accounts. this is achieved through a debt consolidation loan, where you receive a lump sum to pay off your other debts, then make one simple monthly payment on one loan.
when should i consolidate my debt?
an important factor to remember when addressing your financial situation is that the problem will not go away on its own. a debt consolidation loan is a great tool to help you get back on the right track, but you will need to address your budget and spending habits if you want to make permanent improvements. you should never agree to a payment you cannot afford or the problem will only get worse. once you consolidate credit card debt, make sure to stop using your credit cards immediately to avoid adding even more debt.
a debt consolidation loan is a great option for you if you have done your research, crunched the numbers, and made certain that the new payment will enable you to pay off debt more quickly. if the new monthly payment fits comfortably into your budget and you are able to get a great interest rate, then a debt consolidation loan can help you reach your goals of financial freedom.
ideal candidates for debt consolidation are those who have experienced a temporary setback and are now in a permanent situation where they can move forward. for example, a person who acquired some debt after a job loss and is now working steadily, or someone who needs to simplify medical payments to prevent having their accounts sent to collections.
how to consolidate debt
there are a few types of consolidation loans to choose from, so it is important to understand each one and choose the one that best fits your needs. personal loans are the most popular form of consolidation and can be obtained through your credit union or lender of choice. it is a good idea to compare rates and terms before committing to one lender. using a trusted company like personalloans.com is a great strategy because they do the legwork of connecting you with a lender and loan type that can work for you. 
you may also choose to consolidate debt with a home equity line of credit or second mortgage. this can be risky because you are using your home as collateral, which could be detrimental if you are unable to make the payments for some reason. if you are confident in your ability, however, you may be able to acquire a lower interest rate with this method. just watch for variable rates that may go up over time and be careful not to fall into the trap of acquiring more debt.





does debt consolidation work?
as mentioned above, debt consolidation works great if you are able to consistently make the payments and avoid incurring further debt. check out some of the pros and cons below to decide if this debt payment method is right for you.
pros
you can save a lot of money with lower payments and lower interest rates.monthly payments force you to stay on a schedule for paying down debt.signing up for automatic withdrawal payments may be able to get you an even lower rate.successfully paying off debt can improve your credit score over time.cons
if you have a variable rate, it may not stay low as long as you need it to.if the terms of your loan are longer, you may be paying on the debt much longer.pro tip
if consolidating debt frees up money in your budget, put it into an emergency fund or add it to your payments to get out of debt more quickly. do not think of it as “extra” money and spend it.debt consolidation help
learning how to consolidate credit card debt and other payments can be simple with the right assistance. personalloans.com can get you on track by connecting you with a lender that can work for you. simply fill out an online request form and we’ll let you know if one of our lending partners has an offer for you! learn more about how to consolidate debt with personalloans.com today!

get started










loan guides
bad credit
fast cash
debt consolidation
emergency
home improvement
online loans
tax loans
credit reports & credit scores


legal
rates & fees
privacy policy
terms of use
e-consent
ad disclosure
third parties
credit authorization
california residents: do not sell my personal information


our company
about us
how it works
faq
responsible lending
scam alerts
sitemap


contact information

address: 2661 n pearl st. #431tacoma, wa 98407
telephone number: 1-800-772-2274
email address: support@personalloans.com

contact us
affiliate program
unsubscribe


ola consumer hotline

1-866-299-7585
as a proud member of the online lenders alliance (ola), personalloans.com is serious about protecting your personal information. the ola consumer hotline is a key consumer resource, for questions on lending or reporting possible occurrences of fraud.












							copyright © 2025							personalloans.com. all rights reserved.
						



customer notice: a personal loan is an online installment loan with loans sizes between $250 and $35,000. a personal loan can be a great option for those customers looking to borrow money for a wedding, home improvement, or family getaway. the online process is designed with customer convenience in mind.
legal disclaimer: personalloans.com’s terms of use and the personalloans.com privacy policy apply to the use of this website and its services. personalloans.com connects borrowers with lenders or lending partners and thus the specific terms and conditions of the specific lender or lending partner will apply to any loan a borrower takes out. we are compensated by these lenders or lending partners for connecting you with them, and the compensation received may affect which offer you are presented with. any display of apr, loan amounts, interest or other loan details are estimations only, and actual amounts will vary by lender or lending partner and by borrower. please note that some lenders or lending partners may perform credit checks as part of their credit transaction approval process. the lender or lending partner you connect with may not offer the best possible terms and borrowers should always compare all available options before making any decisions. in addition, you may be connected with a tribal lender. tribal lenders’ rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders, and are subject to federal and tribal laws, not state laws. the owners and operators of this website are not lenders, they do not broker loans and they do not make loans or credit decisions. nothing on this website is an offer or a solicitation to lend. any information you submit to this site will be provided to a lender or lending partner. the operator of this website is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender or lending partner and does not endorse or charge you for any service or product.
availability: every state has its own set of rules and regulations that govern personal loan lenders. your loan amount, apr and repayment term will vary based on your credit worthiness, state and lender or lending partner.


material disclosure: the operator of this website is not a lender, loan broker or agent for any lender or loan broker. this website is not an offer of credit nor is it a solicitation to lend. we are not affiliated with any lender. we are an advertising referral service for lenders that may be able to offer loans in amounts between $250 and $35,000. there is no fee to use our services. your loan request submitted on this website will be shared with one or more lenders. there is no guarantee that you will be connected with a lender, your loan request will be approved by a lender, or you will be offered the loan amount requested. lenders may perform a credit check to determine your creditworthiness or verify your information. any compensation we receive is paid by lenders and other advertising partners, and only for advertising services provided. if you are offered a loan, it may not necessarily have the best rates or terms. short-term, small-dollar loans should not be used as a long-term solution to financial hardship.
apr disclosure: the annual percentage rate (apr) is the rate at which your loan accrues interest and is based upon the amount, cost and term of your loan, repayment amounts and timing of payments. apr range for lenders in our network can generally range from 5.99% to 35.89%, with loan terms from 61 days to 96 months. your actual rate will depend upon your credit score, loan amount, loan term, and credit usage and history. some states have laws limiting the apr that a lender can charge you. lenders are legally required to show you the apr and other terms of your loan before you execute a loan agreement.
credit implications: the operator of this website does not make any credit decisions. lenders in our network may obtain credit scores or credit reports through the credit reporting agencies or alternative providers to determine your creditworthiness. by submitting your information to us, you agree to allow participating lenders to verify your information and check your credit. late payments of loans may result in additional fees or collection activities, or both. each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. nonpayment of credit could result in collection activities and your lender may report late payment history to consumer reporting agencies which could impact future lending decisions by that lender or other lenders. each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. every lender has its own renewal policy, which may differ from lender to lender. please review your lender’s renewal policy.






















