






ripchord driving school – ripchord driving school







































ripchord driving school







 
 








 


edt
services
my test day





x
 







 
 








 




 

















						# driving trainning
					high quality edt programs 
our expert instructors offer personalized driving lessons to driving school students, ensuring safe and confident driving skills.

 







 

					book your lesson				

 























 










                    test inspection                
we conduct strict test inspections to ensure all students meet the highest safety and proficiency standards.



 







 










                    expert instructors                
we offer a meticulously designed curriculum that covers all aspects of safe and responsible driving.



 







 










                    high pass rates                
our commitment to excellence is reflected in our high pass rates. we thoroughly prepare students.



 















 








						committed!
					always deliver more than expected. 
we concentrate on delivering expert driving lessons training leading to the award of a light vehicle licence. we adhere strictly to the rsa edt syllabus, and provide comprehensive notes in student logbooks to demonstrate our students meet requirements. we do not proceed without meeting their sponsors and satisfying ourselves that they understand their responsibilities in terms of practicing. it is only through constant effort that learners become expert drivers.

 



 specialists on some occasions for others offering 












0
k

total students 


 












0
+

tests done 


 












0
%

client satisfaction 


 



















why choose us 











 










                    expert instructors                
our driving school offers a meticulously designed curriculum that covers all aspects of safe and responsible driving.



 







 










                    reasonable price                
our driving school offers top-quality instruction at reasonable prices without compromising on the quality of your education.



 











 










                    high pass rates                
reflect our commitment to excellence. we thoroughly prepare students, ensuring they are confident and ready on test day.



 







 










                    comprehensive support                
our comprehensive support system includes online resources and practice tests to address individual needs and questions.



 























quality services
						professional services
					 






















                        train the driver training
                        
                    

                        we began training adt’s almost four years ago when we found ourselves unable to recruit.                    



 


















                        assisted driver training
                        
                    

                        ripchord driving school believes that every citizen has an enshrined right to drive on irish roads.                    



 


















                        advanced driver training
                        
                    

                        the introduction of essential driver training represented a great step forward, and undoubtedly saved many lives on ie.                    



 
























                        top-up driver training
                        
                    

                        we regularly assist experienced drivers to adapt to driving on the left side of the road when arriving in ireland.                    



 













 

					learn more 

 
















					ripchord driving school				


all rights reserved





















