




















the pluralism project












skip to main content




main menuutility menusearch



harvard.edu 









ga4 tracking code



 


 








aboutcurrent initiativesmission & historypeopleproject resourcesnews & mediareligious diversity newsacting on faithbecoming the buddha in lafremont, usaselected media sourcesother film & videoreligionsafro-caribbean traditionsbahá’í buddhismchristianityconfucianismdaoismhinduismhumanismislamjainismjudaismnative american traditionspaganismshintōsikhismunitarian universalismzoroastrianismencounterinterfaith infrastructurehistorical perspectivestoday's challengeslandscapea changing religious landscapeworld religions in greater bostoncase initiativeabout the case initiativecase studiesabout the case methodother cases & materialssearchsite search



search 





 












	what is pluralism?


	pluralism is an ethic for living together in a diverse society: not mere tolerance or relativism, but the real encounter of commitments.


read more about pluralism


 

the pluralism project: diana eck on pluralism

 


 


rivers of faith

the religious traditions of humankind are shown here as circles, each containing a commonly used symbol of that tradition. but this visual image of separate boundaried circles—graphically convenient as it is—is highly misleading, for every religious tradition has grown through the ages in dialogue and historical interaction with others. 


read rivers of faith essay











afro-caribbean


 




the baha'i faith


 






buddhism


 




christianity


 











confucianism


 




daoism


 






hinduism


 




humanism


 











islam


 




jainism


 






judaism


 




native american traditions


 











paganism


 




shintō


 






sikhism


 




unitarian universalism


 










zoroastrianism


 


encounter







historical perspectives


 




today's challenges


 




interfaith infrastructure


 






landscape


the religious landscape of america is changing. in the past fifty years, new immigrants have arrived from all over the world seeking political freedom and economic prosperity. they have come with their cultural and religious traditions, their qur’ans and bhagavad gitas, their rituals, prayers,  and forms of mediation, their songs, dances, and arts. they have put down roots in american soil and created community centers and sacred spaces. 


explore the landscape section


 




 






 

	the case initiative


	with the dilemmas and disputes of our multi-religious society as our primary texts, the pluralism project integrates the case method into teaching and learning about religion. how might this participant-centered, discussion-based pedagogy change the way we teach—and how students learn? 


read more about the case initiative


 


spotlight

	new publications








pluralism in practice:  "a dozen thought-provoking case histories from the first two decades of the 21st century [including the] site of the “ground zero mosque” firestorm of 2010, concerning a proposed muslim interfaith center that was never built. . . . students of leadership and religious studies will find this instructive and enlightening." —publishers weekly


	________


with the best of intentions:: "presents readers with illuminating examples of when practice does not match theory. it should be required reading for scholars, educators, administrators, and community organizers engaging religiously diverse contexts, as well as leaders working toward multireligious coalition building.” —axel m. oaks takacs, editor-in-chief journal of interreligious studies


	 


	       


	 






news


“it’s changed everything”: interfaith dialogue in the wake of october 7, 2023 thursday, october 3, 2024 



lutherans in minnesota putting potlucks before politicsthursday, september 19, 2024 



ferguson activist raised in the black church showed pastors how to aid young protestersmonday, september 16, 2024 

more
 
media





		a vivid portrait of american religious diversity through images, videos, voices, and selected news articles
	

see all media



 


glossary



featured term



altar



an altar is a raised platform or stand which bears the central symbols of a religious tradition—whether in a temple, church, shrine, or home—and at which offerings are made, worship is offered, or prayers are said. 


 
other glossary terms


adhan


hajj


ahimsa


lucumi


bodhisattva


puja


covenant


samhain


dao


tantra


dharma


yeshiva


eucharist


zarathushtra



 



search glossary


 














the pluralism projectharvard university2 arrow st, 4th floorcambridge ma02138


(617) 496-2481staff@pluralism.org


	 


 

archive


 







about


news & media


religions


encounter


landscape


case initiative



 
              
 

 

857a2fb8012599e3ef450d03d9c487ab

 




bf55c36f746558217a42a543ea1f3473




 


 


admin login 







copyright © 2025 the president and fellows of harvard college  | accessibility | digital accessibility | report copyright infringement 














