





















department of nutritional sciences at rutgers sebs

















skip navigation









rutgers–new brunswick
myrutgers
search rutgers







department of nutritional sciences 


search this site

search this site


search



×





menu














main menu

2022-2027 strategic plan  (pdf)
department infographic (883k pdf)
undergraduate program
graduate program

outreach

ask before you eat
efnep


news
seminars
department faculty
department staff
alumni resources
links
support us
contact us

















b.s., m.s., and ph.d. nutritional sciences
thinking about a career in nutrition or dietetics? looking to become a registered dietitian nutritionist? explore our degrees.







upcoming events
plan to visit our seminars and special events. rdns can earn cpes at most events.







rutgers nutritional sciences in the news
check out news from our students, alumni, and faculty.



research for a healthy tomorrow
rutgers' interdisciplinary department of nutritional sciences emphasizes (1) both undergraduate and graduate education, (2) research into basic issues of nutrition, and (3) public service that uses research results to improve the nutritional habits, general health, and overall well-being of the populace.
special departmental emphases include molecular, biochemical, physiological, clinical, psychological, and cultural dimensions of human nutrition. the combination of biology and social science in teaching and research equips the department to take a fresh look at nutrition problems and develop unique solutions that improve the quality of life for people throughout new jersey, the united states, and the world.
members of the nutritional sciences faculty bring a multidisciplinary approach to their teaching and research, for their training represents nutrition, dietetics, biochemistry, education, and human development.

 
 
 
 





contact

						department of nutritional sciences
						school of environmental and biological sciences
						rutgers, the state university of new jersey
						65 dudley road
						new brunswick, nj 08901-8520
food science and nutritional sciences bldg. west, george h. cook campus


848-932-0975


facebook

webmaster: web-services@sebs.rutgers.edu


related units

rutgers, the state university of new jersey
rutgers–new brunswick
rutgers school of environmental and biological sciences
rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station
executive dean of agriculture & natural resources









copyright © 2023 rutgers, the state university of new jersey
rutgers university is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to: accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or provide feedback form.










