














daily manhood journal














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






daily manhood journal

















sunday, september 23, 2007








daily manhood introduces vigrx plus!





warning: this site contains explicit adult subjects that might be shocking for some individuals. you need to be 18 or older to access this site. if it is illegal to access this site in your state or country, then click the button here under.click here for healthy pores acne systemthe website owner cannot be held responsible for your actions. the website owner is not acting in any way to send you this information; you are taking the actions to receive it.by continuing to scroll down it means that you understand and accept responsibility for your own actions, thus releasing the creators of this site and our service provider from all liability. if you do not accept such responsibility, then click the button here under.click here for healthy pores acne systemfor all the rest of you, that are adults, that want some very good articles,continue to scroll down for useful information....update:we have added more subjects that most men have to deal withsometime in their lives. it will be included through the mall linkdirectly after this update section.then you can come back here and continue to the regular daily manhood subjects.we have just added links for the translated sites for french speakersand spanish speakers. they are below here in this section:after you checkout these others offers, click 'go back one page'and see vigrx plus...now continue on to the featured product,vigrx plus... women's thoughts on penis sizeadmit it or not, we've always been bothered or bombarded with questions on penis size for a long time. who or what else is there to blame? films and tv series like "the sweetest thing" and sex and the city" all show women characters who leave their men because of one obvious reason-- a small penis. even pharmaceutical companies and health and medical retail outlets are incessantly introducing sexual enhancers and penis enlargement tools to help men with their penis size problems. but of course, men who avail or are still thinking of getting these products also wonder: does the size of the penis really matter to women?let's  look at two points regarding the penis size issue from the female perspective. one side, in particular, includes those who hate size queens, people who care or "pretend" to care about penis size, and those who don't believe that penis size matters. for these women, size queens only "pretend" to care about the penis size issue to feel dominant; since women feel secondary to men, some feminists take advantage of this penis issue to feel a sort of power over men. moreover, some women view the penis size issue as that of a male obsession because of the scientific fact that the women's most sensitive sexual nerves are located around the vagina's opening so there is really no need for a longer penis when the pleasure nerves are just around the opening area. others, meanwhile, simply say that penis size isn't a factor that affects men's personalities. logically speaking, a longer penis is more able to have an erection than a shorter one. if the penis is not able to erect during intercourse, then dissatisfaction would definitely arise, which can lead to further complications in the sexual relationship. another related notion is that having a longer penis usually means having a desirable girth, which means more friction and pleasure for the women during sex.but aside from the demands of women for their partners to have larger penises, some women really have their own opinions based on the behavior and view of men. most also feel the necessity to consider a penis enlargement process. even today, men consider long and large penises as trophies worth boasting of and adulating over. in such case, inevitably, someone who's not as well-endowed as the others often feels insecure and inferior. arguably, the large penis ideal has become part of male culture because it adds up to their masculinity. there are many men, both young and old, who often think that they lose sense of masculinity if their penises don't measure above the average or as expected by their peers and sexual partners.because of the increasing number of people who think that having a larger penis is worth all the effort, several companies have been coming up with different ways on how to help those who are not so gifted down there. for instance, penis enlargement tools are rampant in the market today, including penis pumps. some men even undergo surgical procedures such as phalloplasty, a male organ enlargement surgery, just so that the size of their penis get the approval of many, including their women.but for those who are not yet convinced to go all out and take drastic procedures for the penis enlargement desires, supplements that are made of natural ingredients are also available. for many men and women, going for the alternative option of supplements is deemed safer and less risky, and thus, is much more appealing. most women recommend those with safe and herbal contents such as vigrx plus™, which is a supplement that improves the sexual performance of men. according to dr. michael carter, male enhancement products like vigrx plus™ often contain natural ingredients such as herbs from china, south america, and europe. these herbs usually include the hawthorn berry, a strong antioxidant that smoothes blood circulation, the catuaba bark extract, which helps relieve stress and stimulates the nervous system, and the asian red ginseng, which helps cure erectile dysfunction.aside from the fact that they reinforce the notion that bigger is better and that they are safe, supplements like vigrx plus™ are medically proven for their natural methods of enhancing penis size, increasing libido, and improving erection. once a patient encounters any problem such as erectile dysfunction or premature ejaculation, he may take these supplements, aside from consulting with the doctor, so that he does not have to deal with further complications in his reproductive system. even medical professionals and doctors take these supplements for their own penis size problems. luke adams, for one, noticed the positive effects of vigrx after using it for two weeks; according to him, his penis has become larger and firmer every time it erects since he took the supplements.much have been said about women's thoughts about size, but what ultimately matters most is what the method can do for the body and how it can change the individual's sex life. so, whether men believe that women care about penis size or not, they still have to take care of their body and at the same time, make themselves happy and satisfied.ways to make your penis appear biggermale enhancement procedures have always been the last resort by men who are not satisfied with the sizes of their penises. and when one mentions male enhancement procedures, the first thing that comes to mind is surgery. today, however, men don't have to actually go under the knife to have their manhood increased , as today there are other way of making one's penis appear bigger. in general, men have always felt the need to prove themselves through the size of their penis. as a result, they resort to procedures of all sorts just to achieve whatever they think is ideal. essentially, male enhancement procedures are categorized into two types: self-treatment methods and surgical methods. common methods the most patronized method today is the use of supplements. in particular, herbal supplements are the most popular. these are readily available at your local drugstore without prescription. these supplements have been taken by men from asia to europe for centuries. some claim, however, that these supplements actually do no good at all as they're manufactured by companies whose sole goal is to earn cash.  . among the side effects are the common cold, rashes, and sneezing. another serious threat in taking herbal supplements is the damage it can bring to your hormones.  thus, it is advised that before taking or even purchasing these pills, it would be wise to consult a doctor first. another popular method is the use of mechanical devices. these devices are also available in your local drugstore but they're usually not displayed due to ethical reasons. one of the most known devices is the penis pump. like the breast pumps for women, penis pumps work by creating pressure. the main difference, however, is the shape, which should fit the penis properly. the problem with pumps is that it can bring too much pressure on your penis, causing it to bleed. there are also hard-rimmed pumps which could cut the area where the pump is fitted. a pump is usually fitted at the base of the penis where it could cut vital nerves, veins, ligaments, and even the entire penis itself. surely no one wants that to happen. the previously mentioned methods are all affordable, but perhaps the most expensive way to do it is surgery. there are three ways to surgically enhance your penis. the first one is through silicone implants. the implants are inflated through a pump inserted beside the groin area. this type is actually favored by impotent men. the second one is through the cutting of ligaments,  causing your penis to almost perpetually dangle. taken off, your penis can now erect and function properly although this is not the case for everyone. the third one is through penile injections where the doctor injects silicone, collagen or petroleum jelly directly to your penis. all surgical methods are safe through the assistance of a doctor, but not everyone can afford such luxury.alternative methods those who don't have the luxury of undergoing surgical procedures or just don't want to go under the knife can employ alternative methods to make their manhoods appear bigger. one of the most effective ways to enlarge your penis is through massages and exercising. numerous massage and exercise methods are introduced to perfect the procedure. among them are jelqing (also known as milking), clamping, stretching, and hanging. jelqing is done like the way a female breast is milked, thus the name milking. clamping, on the other hand, is about using a constricting device like a cable clamp or shoestring which you tie your penis with. while firmly tied, you do an "edging" or pulling the string such that your penis is stimulated. stretching and hanging, meanwhile, is about pulling your penis to give it a longer or bigger effect. however, if all these methods are done in excess, these may cause your penis to be deformed and curved.another way to make you penis look bigger is by trimming off your pubic hair, leaving just enough for coverage. your pubic hair keeps most of your penis hidden, thus making it look small. you can also opt to have it waxed, if you're man enough to handle the pain. also, keeping fit would also give you and your partner the illusion of bigger size. remember that flab, especially in the abdominal area, may actually decrease the size of your penis. think of them as huge drapes that cover a window with an otherwise wonderful view. on a last note, it is highly advisable that you also keep yourself always clean. proper hygiene is a great way to present yourself to your partner. keep yours penis always clean to boost your confidence as this may actually make you less bothered by your penis size. wash your penis daily, preferably during bath, by using a mild soap and water. remember, a woman would rather much prefer a clean penis instead of a big but dirty one.the methods mentioned in this article are only suggestions. for best results, it's recommended that you keep yourself healthy. being healthy gives you more chances of a greater erection and performance. and essentially, it will give you a healthy sex life. to keep yourself fit and healthy, eat a well-balanced diet, quit smoking, avoid alcoholic drinks and prohibited drugs, exercise, stimulate your penis, and take supplements like vigrx plus™! for more details, visit vigrxplus.com. vigrx plus™ ingredientswhat drives women crazy? what makes men burn with tremendous confidence? what makes both of them satisfied in bed? opinions vary, but the most popular reason cited is the size and strength of a man's erection. since there are a number of guys who seem so bugged by their so averagely-sized penises that overtly affect their sex lives and self-esteem, the medical industry has come up with a healthy and effective remedy that will surely satisfy every couple. since its launch in 2000, vigrx has evolved into a better and more effective vigrx plus™ that most men use to satisfy their egos and sexual urges. with this powerful penis enhancer pills, dysfunctional erection, premature ejaculation, and emotional baggage are no longer a problem. though a lot of penis enlargement products have been introduced in the market, vigrx plus™ dominates the list. on its site, at vigrxplus.com, testimonies from its various users attest to the effectiveness of vigrx plus™. they are pleased with the intense orgasms, timely ejaculation, more extensive erections, and advanced sexual stamina that are brought to them by vigrx plus™. albion medical, the maker of vigrx plus™, points its success to a better formulation. every vigrx plus™ pill is a formulation of ancient herbs and aphrodisiacs from south america, china, and europe, which were scientifically studied and engineered to produce optimum results and satisfaction. one component of vigrx plus™ is the epimedium (locally called horny goat weed), which.originally came from china. this leaf extract claims to boost sexual libido because its prime ingredient, icariin, enhances erection. epimedium, also boosts blood flow through the penis, increasing sexual sensation.  according to vigrx.com, epimedium functions by affecting directly testosterone that improves sexual urge and vigor.also from china, cuscuta seed extract decreases the death of sperm, as well as treat early ejaculation. this seed extract has fertility functions that work in both the male and female bodies. same as cuscuta, ginkgo biloba improves blood flow, thus improving erections. since its components make way for a better circulation and oxygenation, ginkgo biloba's treats other possible problems in the body, such as impotence among males.asian red ginseng has been an oriental medication, supplement, and aphrodisiac since the ancient times. ginseng is said to rejuvenate weak bodies and increase energy. while energizing the body, ginseng's potent ingredient ginsenoside modifies the flow of blood to the penis and the brain, thus stopping early ejaculation and possible impotence. like all the other ingredients, saw palmetto acts as an effective aphrodisiac that produces multiple effects in a man's sexual performance and health. while improving the blood flow and hormonal balance, saw palmetto treats enlarged glands and urinary infections. with vigrx plus™' aim to remedy erectile dysfunction and lack of sexual desire, muira pauma bark extract is formulated to the pill. according to research, 60% of males have improved their potency after using this bark extract. though its full potential have not yet been discovered, future studies are set to disclose other strengths that can be possibly delivered by muira pauma. what other aphrodisiac is capable of creating sensual dreams that later transform into an increased libido? catuaba bark extract is the most renowned aphrodisiac in brazil that attends to impotence and improves libido. more than its sexual functions, catuaba also enlivens stressed bodies and fires up a man's nervous system. rather than just arousing the sexuality of every male, vigrx plus™ has a unique component that directly cares for the heart. hawthorn berry helps improve a man's flow of oxygen and blood to his heart and brain, thus decreasing the possibilities of blood pressure and heart irregularities.the accurate mixture of the aforementioned ingredients certainly makes vigrx plus™ a leading product. what makes vigrx more outstanding is its additional formulation of other three powerful ingredients that topple all the other penis enlarger pills. bioperine, damiana, and tribulus just made vigrx plus™ a lot better. while improving physical vigor, tribulus terrestris also strengthens erections and stimulates and increases libido. from being a european ancient sexual medication, tribulus is now used by modern europe and north america to medicate sexual dysfunctions and other general body weaknesses. damiana, a famous and trusted herbal aphrodisiac since the time of the mayans, has been formulated to better improve vigrx plus™. men will notice an improved level of sexual grit, longer erection, and more sensual orgasms. with these effects intact, a vigrx plus™ user will surely be satisfied with his lovemaking experience. to hasten the body absorption level of the rest of the components, vigrx plus™ is packed with the winning ingredient bioperine. scientific studies in the us show that combining bioperine with other nutrients displays a 30% increase in the absorption speed. this means the effectiveness of vigrx plus™ will be swiftly experienced by the users. there is nothing that can make match with the effectiveness of vigrx plus™ since it's the only one with bioperine. vigrx plus™ is a holistic enhancer product that attends to the physical, emotional, and sexual needs of men.  the people behind vigrx plus™ work hard to please their clients. also, since all the ingredients are natural herbs, there is not even one side effect that will annoy or inflict any user. sexual performance and penis sizemen complaining about how small their penises are, is proof that men do care about size. aside from comparison purposes, penis size talk is mainly showing off how much self-esteem or confidence men really have in themselves. the moment realize that your penis just doesn't quite measure up compared to other men pulls your confidence down and makes you just want to shut yourself from the world. aside from self-confidence, men are concerned about their penis sizes because they believe that size affects the rendering of satisfaction to their partners during sex. though some claim that this is just a myth, most of the ladies and gentlemen prefer big sizes to have a more pleasurable sexual experience. one reason perceived by many is that a larger penis tends to hit the right buttons inside a female effortlessly -- something that you would want to happen to your female partner. another reason for the common preference for a bigger penis is that it beats the arousal that a woman can get from playing with the clitoris, which is seen as the most delicate part of the female body; the whole experience is just simply not the same without something inside her.men care about size because they know that a tiny penis has certain disadvantages and can really have an impact on how they perform in bed. for instance, a longer penis is more capable of hard erection than a smaller one. most men encounter erection problems such as the erectile dysfunction, which is also referred to as a weak erection. if you are suffering from this abnormality and you cannot get it up as expected in bed your partner will look for another mate the next time around. on the other hand, if you have an erection but just cant sustain it, the situation is still a symptom of a weak erection and may similarly lead your girlfriend to find another someone to play with. the same thing could also be said if you are experiencing premature ejaculation. if you have a small size penis, you are also more likely to suffer from coming or ejaculating too quickly without caring if your partner reaches an orgasm or not. though this condition can be brought about by several factors, such as stress or overwhelming emotions, there is no doubt that size and sexual performance would still be considered and affected. with all these problems and concerns, what do you think you should do next? the best advice of doctors is to get the most efficient tool for your penis enlargement goal. but if you hate penis pumps or a penis enlargement surgery, you can indulge in supplements or pills like the vigrx plus™. the supplements are 100% safe, mainly because of their natural ingredients. usually, penis enlargement supplements are made of herbs, which come from countries like south america and china, and are trusted even by the medical community. cuscuta seed extract and muira pauma bark extract are just some of the fine herbs that experts combined to produce one capsule that will contain everything that a man needs.other than the components of the supplement, you must also ensure its promise of results. doctors often recommend supplements, such as the vigrx plus™, because of its quick effects. clinical psychologist dr. michael a. carter said that he prescribes this kind of supplement to his patients who want to have a bigger member. after using the supplement for a week or two, he said that his patients come back to him to tell him the positive changes in their lives. aside from their patients, doctors themselves also use the vigrx plus™ and other supplements, just like dr. khalid alzwahereh. for him, a supplement that contains natural ingredients increases a man's sexual energy, libido, and improves his erection. solutions to sexual performance and penis size, like vigrx supplements, are not absolute but can certainly be tremendous help in addressing what your woman needs in her man. by making sure that they meet your body's necessary requirements, supplements can always be the option that you can try. after all, any man surely encounters a lot of problems in life, but among the worst are the ones concerning his penis and sex life. you can also look at it this way: more often than not, a man, who worries about his male organ and how he will face a woman with a small size, somehow pretends that penis size does not matter. but pretending and ignoring the real issue does not make it go away. the best solution to your penis size problem is to accept the truth and do something about it. why not consider trying a supplement, becoming more confident, and ultimately, taking the best girl home? there's no better way to enjoy sex than having the best.psychological benefits of a larger penisconfidence is very important, especially when it comes to dealing with the opposite sex. a lot of factors can affect the confidence of men towards women, and the state of the male psyche when topics are shifted to the size of their sexual organs. but the most important factor is the way men see themselves through the size of their penises. when it comes to sexuality and sexual satisfaction issues, males are very concerned about the size of their penises.but there are solutions provided for the not-so-well-endowed male. male enhancement products such as creams, lotions, pills, exercise or stretching tools, even surgery, have been viewed as possible options for those who wish to make their "equipment" bigger.  one of the most popular products for penis enlargement is the vigrx plus™, a pill made of natural ingredients developed to enlarge the penis, leading to harder erections and increased sexual stamina. the ingredients of this pill are of natural herbs, and are proven to be safe and effective. vigrx plus™ pills have addressed this age-old issue among men and have been successful due to their key ingredients, which are fully discussed on the official website -- www.vigrxplus.com.the old saying "bigger is better" is indeed a popular notion, especially among males. ever since the time of our ancestors, penis size has been associated with male vigor, masculinity, potency, and virility. the male sex organ was considered as the ultimate symbol of strength and power, not just male sexuality. early stone statues depicting males with large sex organs have been discovered, serving as proofs that the early human society was as obsessed with penis size as modern society is right now. as humans have evolved, so have certain beliefs and practices. but one old belief has stayed on with the human psyche: the size of male sex organs in relation to confidence and a good psychological health. the size and girth are the first two things that come into the people's minds when thinking about the male sexual organ. this obsession has been plastered all over the media, especially in tv shows and movies tackling sex-related topics and male adolescence issues. at puberty, it is common for boys to talk about the size of their penises. in a typical locker room scene, the boy with the smallest penis often gets ridiculed, and the one with the biggest penis is usually the dominant male in the group, causing others to be envious of him. this behavior, believe it or not, is carried on into adulthood. male adults still feel inferior when the size of their penis is small. they believe that they can't please their women because they don't have bigger "equipment." these negative beliefs and views can lead to lack of confidence, and this lack of confidence can be reflected on a man's everyday behavior, such as how he handles everyday stress and how he performs at work. lack of self-confidence can also cause mild cases of depression, adding to the "heavy feeling" men get when other people think, especially their wives or girlfriends, that they are not that well-endowed. men who are not satisfied with their sexual prowess are more likely to get stressed because a healthy sexual lifestyle has a positive effect on both the psychological physical health of a person. having a big penis is not the only factor in having a good sex life, but it can have dramatic effects on how a male sees himself as a person, and as a sexual partner.it is important, therefore, to address any issues regarding penis size as soon as possible. the lack of confidence can not only affect the male, but also the people around him, especially if his wife or girlfriend is not satisfied with his performance in bed. sex, as primitive as it sounds, is vital in keeping a healthy relationship together. it is impossible to say that couples who don't enjoy each other sexually are really satisfied with their relationship. good performance in bed, enhanced with a big penis that can be achieved by taking vigrx plus™ pills, can achieve stunning results for a satisfying life, and an improvement on the overall male psyche.penis pill faqpenis pills have already been on the market for several years yet many still seem so puzzled by what they are exactly and how they work. many ask, "what's the safest and most effective pill? how can i acquire it?" since it is not sound to guess since this might put to danger the reproductive system, a little research into penis enhancement pills is advised. with a lot of male enhancement pill brands in the market, one has to be extra careful in choosing the right trademark. but it is necessary to note that it is safer and more accepted to use the brand that is purely natural since it has ingredients that have been used as sexual enhancers for centuries. every penis enhancement pill product promises not only an enlarged penis but also a extended erection, strengthened sexual stamina, intensified orgasm, better sex drive, and prevention of premature ejaculation. one of these products is the all-new vigrx plus™.all penis enhancement pills are formulated to increase the penis size during sexual intercourse. according to vigrx plus™, during a male's arousal the formulation causes the erectile tissues to expand, in succession creates more space for blood flow. the greater the volume of blood flow, the larger and firmer the penis becomes, allowing you to perform better during sexual intercourse.by using a pure herbal formulation, a user is spared from experiencing side effects such as headache, blurred vision, dizziness, indigestion, and congestion. medical experts claim that some of the pill's ingredients attends to and treats other body irregularities aside from sexual problems. for instance, vigrx plus™' ingredient hawthorn berry is scientifically proven to improve the flow of blood to some body parts especially the heart, strengthen blood vessels, lessen the abnormality of heartbeats, minimize cholesterol, and decrease blood pressure. as such, there's no need for a doctor's prescription. any man with a penis problem is liberated to purchase and take any penis enhancement pill brand of his choice. generally, it is advised to take 2 to 3 pills a day to guarantee optimum results. a great amount of water should be taken after the pill since it has to be melted right away for the body to quickly absorb the ingredients. after some months or even days of intake, he can expect improvements in his penis performance and other body functions. though it is recommended to take a penis enhancement pill for some months, those who are more eager and dedicated to see the results are the most likely to get them; so it is best to use the pill regularly. however, if one has reached the results he has been wanting, he is free to stop immediately his intake of penis enhancement pill. testimonies of penis enhancement pill users, especially those found at vigrxplus.com, profess that as early as the first day of use, they already felt the potency of the enhancer. but the results gradually take place from the first month of use until the third and beyond. in the first few months, a user will have longer erections and can expect penis enlargement. the penis will dramatically improve in  performance as it becomes stronger and firmer in the coming months. it is expected that the user's penis and sexual vigor will get better and better with regular intake. permanent penis changes have also been reported. for those who are seeking to have a penis enlargement medication and a sexual enhancer at the same time, there's good news: penis pills are aphrodisiacs, too. most pill brands are formulated with aphrodisiac concentrates, which were used and tested in the ancient times. one of this aphrodisiacs ingredients found in some penis enhancement pills is catuaba, which is believed to be the most famous male stimulants in brazil. as professed by the users, continuous usage leads males to having erotic dreams and then, empowered libido.given that most of the penis enhancers that we have today contain safe and natural ingredients, how effective then are these items? what exactly are the results to be expected? some penis enhancement pill brands are claiming 28% to 30% increase in penis size after some months of use. others are promising three to four inches of penis enlargement. but, in truth, the changes vary according to the men's ages, system absorption, and health. it is also advised not to have the penis bigger than what women can actually accommodate. penis enhancement pills may cost a lot of money. some are offering their products at $60 to $80 for a one-month supply. however, if one so desires to acquire the largest penis size ever, quality should come before price. penis enhancement pills have become the easiest source of men to gain the desirable penis size and self-satisfaction. with their increasing presence, it is hoped that there would be less unhappy couples.measuring your penisif men today are living in the ancient times, they would not worry too much about the length and girth of their penises. unlike the modern concept that bigger is always better, the ancient world viewed large penises as comical and grotesque -- if at all the "perfect" statues of the greek gods serve as testaments. however, times have changed and so did men's views of their genitals. nowadays, most men all over the world are so phallocentric that one wrong dig or insinuation that they are rather small could quickly deflate their egos. penile size is a very sensitive issue that companies which manufacture and sell penile enlargement products online like vigrxplus.com resort to having a different name on credit card statements to protect their buyers. the "big" issuedespite what sexologists say about how penis size is not high up on women's list of attractiveness, men are still prone to believe that one's penile size is a measurement of his masculinity and sexual prowess. studies have also shown that penis size plays a major role in most men's level of self-esteem. generally, men who think that they are well-endowed feel that they are superior and more appealing than those who are not. likewise, those who believe that their manhood does not measure up to the average often feel insecure and inadequate. needless to say, penis size is truly as big an issue to men as erectile dysfunction. the truth is that most guys have a vague idea about the true size or dimension of their penises. as a matter of fact, most men actually consider themselves below average -- that is, having a shorter penile size than what they perceive as average. for this reason, the biggest question men have regarding penis size is what was generally considered as the "norm."the average penis sizefortunately for men, many clinical studies have already attempted to establish the average penile size. since these studies used different methods and involved different subjects, their results also vary substantially. for instance, a published academic study of the journal of urology in 1996 determined that the average penis size in an erect state is 5.08 inches (12.9 cm). meanwhile, the international journal of impotence, which published a study in 2006, says that the average size is 5.35 inches or 13.6 centimeters. other studies, like the one made by lifestyle condoms in 1991, says that the average length of a penis is 5.9 inches or 14.9 centimeters. perhaps one of the most popular studies dedicated to finding out the average penile size is the one done by famous sexologist, alfred c. kinsey in 1948. with 3,500 college male subjects, kinsey's study concluded that the average penile size when erect is 6.21 inches long and 4.85 inches thick. the same study also concludes that the penis has an average length of 3.85 inches and girth of 3.75 inches when flaccid.all these studies and researches have led experts to conclude that the average size of a penis is between 5.5 and 6.5 inches long and 4.5 and 5.5 inches thick. however, it is interesting to note that while these studies managed to arrive at the same conclusion, their results have varied to certain extent. more often than not, the inconsistencies in the results are brought on by the inaccuracies in the measurements done by the subjects.how to measure your penisthe proper way to measure one's penis is important if a one wants to know the accurate size of his manhood. for those who are taking effective penile enlargement products correctly measuring the penis can either make or break the enhancement program. this is because frequently measuring the penis and seeing no apparent immediate results can cause one to get discouraged and lose interest to proceed with the program. the thing about these penis enlargement programs is that results often take weeks or months before they become obvious -- especially if a product is all-natural with no side effects, like vigrx plus™.  for this reason, the key to getting one's accurate penis size is putting a considerable "break" between the initial measurement and the second one.another key in measuring the penis is consistency. a guy should take note that there are several factors that affect the penis size such as temperature, recent sexual activity, and time of day. it is important that these factors be taken into consideration whenever a guy decides to measure his penis. the rule of thumb is to follow the same, constant pattern or "setting" in measuring his penis. this means that if his initial measurement was done during the day, all his subsequent measurements should also be done during daytime. this kind of technique ensures that one gets accurate measurement results.but how exactly is the proper penile measurement carried out? the first thing to remember is that your penis should be fully erect before you measure it. thus, the first step in measuring your penis is stimulating yourself until you get an erection. once your member is already in an erectile state, stand so that the entire length of your erect penis is parallel to the floor. with a ruler, measure your penis from its base to its tip. the most preferred way to get this done is by pressing the base end of the ruler or measuring tape until it touches the pubic bone -- that bone beneath your skin. when you have already done this, get the closest measurement at your penis' tip. this measurement your penile length. don't attempt to measure your penis while your lying down since this tends to render unreliable results.for measuring the girth or circumference of your penis, you would need a fabric ruler  or a string. while still on the erectile state, wrap the tape measure in the middle of your penile shaft and read the closest inch measurement. do not forget to record both measurements (length and girth) to your logbook for future use.increasing sex drive and getting harder erections, naturallyhave you ever wanted sex to last longer than you could go? if you answered yes, then you are probably among men who encounter the same problem in bed. indeed, the inability to last longer is something that many men regard as  their biggest sexual problems. while most may view erection as dependent on sex drive, this is not always the case- sometimes the drive is present but the penis just does not cooperate. a decrease in sex drive and a not-so-firm erection can be caused by several factors.first on the list and the most popular among the biological problems of a man is a low libido.  libido is considered the sex drive of the body and is primarily influenced by the brain, which, in turn, dictates what the body does. generally speaking, the conditions of the libido are dependent on the four sexual stimuli distinguished by doctors: visual stimulus, which depends on the physical appearancetactile stimulus, which depends on touch- particularly in the sensitive areas like the nipples and penisauditory stimulus, which is the main reason behind the success of phone sex olfactory stimulus such as titillating perfume scentswhen a man's libido rises, according to the aforementioned stimuli, the sex drive correspondingly follows and increases.another biological cause of erection problem is premature ejaculation, wherein the man comes too soon even though his partner has not reached an orgasmic state yet. this situation usually results in sexual dissatisfaction and frustration, which eventually causes break-ups among some sexually active relationships. of course, this situation does not naturally happen without reasons. premature ejaculation is commonly brought about by the excitement. his excitement causes him to ejaculate quickly because even before he begins penetrating his penis, his sexual fantasies stimulate his sex drive. premature ejaculation can also be caused by sexual taboos. in some cultures, sex is prohibited so men are forced to ejaculate quickly. more commonly in north america, ejaculating too soon can be the result of frequent masturbation or anxieties. sex drive and erection problems can also be influenced by erectile dysfunction or what doctors call weak erection, wherein the penis is often flaccid and is always unable to attain erection. unknown to many men, erectile dysfunction is not only manifested in not having an erection in the first stages of the sexual experience. conditions wherein the man is able of erection but does not sustain until his partner reaches orgasm can also be counted as instances of erectile dysfunction. because of the extent of such sexual problem, it is not surprising that this particular erection dilemma is rampant among men nowadays.fortunately, today, lots of supplements and methods are produced to revitalize men and improve their sexual performance. compared to penis pumps and other penis enhancement devices, doctors recommend more supplements and pills that are helpful in any erection problem. usually, these supplements, like vigrx plus™, are rich in natural ingredients such as saw palmetto berry, extract, asian red ginseng, and others---all of which smoothen blood circulation, increase stamina, and produce more energy hormones. experts combine these natural ingredients in just one capsule to produce a supplement that contains the necessary factors to help a man become stronger and long-lasting in bed, naturally. pills like vigrx plus™ can relieve men of their erection problems, given that they keep to their intake schedule. these supplements typically have ingredients such as epimedium leaf extract, icariin, and cuscuta seed, all of which help enhance the libido, promote erectile function, and treat premature ejaculation. if the customer is lucky enough, he can also take advantage of the benefits of other contents in penis enhancement pills, including blood flow increase, revitalized performance in bed, and other aphrodisiacal effects. according to dr. khalid alzwahereh of vigrx plus™, the herbs contained by such supplements have the ability to help balance the cardiovascular and the nervous systems, which are the main parts that keep the body healthy.the results of natural sexual enhancement pills like vigrx plus™ are not without proof. users of such supplements and even doctors have been sending in testimonies and great reviews about these products, deeming them as the kind of solution that people were looking for. even professional endorsers have experienced positive changes, not only in their sexual lives, but also in their relationships with other people. luke adams, for instance, has achieved a longer-lasting and much firmer erection with his frequent use of vigrx plus™. his libido also increased and so did the duration and volume of his ejaculation. with these claims, modern pills and supplements really must work to increase sex drive and get harder erections for men. by just adhering to the regular consumption of penis enhancement pills like vigrx, men do not need to experiment on tools like penis pump or undergo a surgery to increase their libido and achieve hard erections. instead, they can simply go for the safer, less-hassle method. erectile dysfunctiondefined as the inability to maintain or sustain an erection, erectile dysfunction, or ed, may be just temporary or the symptom of something greater. either way, with so many different ways today to cure the problem there is no longer any need to ignore it, hoping it will go away. the real danger erectile dysfunction poses is to a man's quality of life, affecting his self-esteem and relationships with family, friends, co-workers, and especially sexual partners.erectile dysfunction affects most men at one time or another in their life and the chance of occurrence only grows with age. a 1999 survey conducted by the national ambulatory medical care survey (namcs) reported that 22 out of every 1000 men sought help for ed. that's 2% of the population! and almost 50% of men between the ages of 40 and 70 experience difficulties getting or maintaining an erection. the first important factor is determining if the dysfunction is caused by physical or emotional issues. the only way to test if the problem is physical or psychological is by excluding physical diseases that may be at fault. the majority of long-term erection difficulties are caused by some sort of physical ailment. the most common are vascular disease, which is the hardening of arteries, certain kinds of prescription drugs, and fatigue. these are just a few examples though in a long list. in these cases, blood is unable to surge or remain in the penis. while approximately 70% of ed cases are physiological, the other 30% are caused by psychological factors. these factors include, but are not limited to, stress, depression and loss of self-worth. this sort of dysfunction starts with the brain. the difficulty may be either long-lasting or temporary. either way, it's an embarrassing problem that can be easily avoided in the future. there are many different methods to cure erectile dysfunction, both medical and non-medical. it's important to remember that any sort of treatment should be used in conjunction with a healthy lifestyle. drugs, alcohol and smoking play a part in ed. medication prescribed by a doctor is common, either oral or injected directly into the penis. medications like viagra have helped thousands of men across the country, but also have adverse side effects including nausea and dizziness and are incompatible with certain medications. they must be taken about an hour before sex is possible. surgery is another method, but is expensive with a long recuperation period. surgery involves prosthetic implants, or a pump inserted into the genital area that the male would have to pump before sexual intercourse. therapy, penis pumps, and herbal supplements are three non-medical methods of curing ed. therapy, with a registered sex therapist or other mental health professional, is quite effective in cases of psychological-caused ed, but not in physical cases. therapy tends to be a long process, and some men are embarrassed to talk at length about their sexual problems. penis pumps are used by inserting the penis into a tube and using a pump until erection is achieved, at which point a ring is rolled onto the base of the penis to keep the erection hard. it works, but the pump must be used each time before intercourse and doesn't address the real problem, only acting as a temporary fix.a safe and easy method is herbal supplements, like vigrx plus™. these supplements are made from organically-produced plants chosen for their aphrodisiacal that have been used for hundreds of years in different parts of the world. herbal supplements are completely free of side effects and deliver quick results. the user can stop the treatment at any time with no adverse effects. herbal supplements not only address the physical, but the psychological factors as well, as it increases libido. it is important to talk to your doctor before undergoing any sort of treatment.controlling premature ejaculationpremature ejaculation or pe is generally acknowledged as one highly feared sexual problem among men. it usually has far-reaching consequences, often affecting to a certain degree the relationship that a man has with his sexual partner. medical practitioners, including sex therapists, often give varying premature ejaculation definitions, usually disagreeing on what actually constitutes pe. nevertheless, the general agreement is that, as a dysfunction, it occurs in men either on a consistent basis or during particular periods of their lives. either way, when premature ejaculation takes place much too often and begins to severely affect relationships, appropriate solutions need to be explored. premature ejaculation simply refers to the act of ejaculating a bit too early, approximately several minutes after sexual intercourse has commenced, and either before there is penile penetration or shortly afterwards. most men feel that the dysfunction is something that they cannot really control, particularly among younger men who naturally lack sufficient sexual experiences. older men generally have more control over their ejaculations, but during certain periods in their lives, especially when they encounter problems of every kind, they can also experience premature ejaculations.the dysfunction is largely treatable, but most men, sometimes even women, are either not aware of it or are simply too shy to bring it out in the open and discuss it with a trained professional for fear that they will be ridiculed or mocked. having the courage to admit that one has premature ejaculation issues is usually the first important step to treating the dysfunction. from here, the next step is to seek medical help so the causes of the dysfunction can be properly identified and the most appropriate treatment can be recommended. a number of medical studies reveal that the dysfunction is actually learned or conditioned, often starting among younger men who, because of fears of getting caught, try to speed up the process of sexual intercourse. this causes them to ejaculate much too early, and this behavior tends to persist over time, resulting to consistent premature ejaculations, even as the men grow in age.if pe then is learned or conditioned, then the general assumption is that it can likewise be unlearned or unconditioned. this is usually the goal of most premature ejaculation treatment programs. by and large, these programs are effective, especially when conducted under the supervision of a trained and certified sex therapist. however, a number of men find the sessions too long at times, not to mention the fact that complete strangers having the same problem are also taking part in the program. when these factors are present, patients usually try to explore other avenues to resolve their pe problems. preferably, they look for solutions that are quick and easy to follow like using certain sex pills. using special pills to address premature ejaculation problems in men is not an entirely new thing. men have been making use of them for years as they offer faster solutions to their pe concerns. even certified medical doctors recommend these so-called sex pills to men suffering from a variety of erectile dysfunctions like premature ejaculation simply because they find them to be largely effective. what makes these sex pills such a potent premature ejaculation weapon can be traced to the ingredients that they contain. many of these have chemical contents, such as those found in medications classified as anti-depressants. popular brands are collectively called ssri's or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.largely used in treating cases of depression, ssri's have recently been found to be effective as well in addressing premature ejaculation concerns, although this particular healing property of the drugs appears to be more of a normal side effect rather than anything else. nevertheless, various doctors found them to be quite useful and have started prescribing them to affected men. other noted sex pills, meanwhile, contain purely herbal ingredients that are known to have sex-enhancing qualities. herbal ingredients contained in several sex pills have the basic advantage of being pure and natural, and ostensibly carry no adverse side effects, unlike their chemically based counterparts. herbal-based sex drugs have recently gained immense popularity as more and more people are beginning to realize the benefits that one can get from taking pure and unadulterated substances. even the medical world, which previously was hesitant in making use of natural herbs to treat certain human dysfunctions like premature ejaculation, has begun to realize the true value of herbal plants.several herbal-based sex drugs are now out in the market, competing for a still generally untapped market, and the leader of the pack is vigrxplus™. this particular sex-enhancement pill boasts of having all-natural ingredients, basically extracts of various herbal plants that have long been known to help man gain more power sexually and even get rid of common sexual dysfunctions like premature ejaculation. specifically, extracts from plants like the cuscuta seed and the ginkgo biloba have been included in every bottle of vigrxplus™ along with other popular herbal products, making for a truly potent sex pill. cuscuta seed happens to be particularly effective in addressing premature ejaculation concerns, while the ginkgo biloba is said to be capable of increasing blood flow in the vascular region that can ostensibly help improve penile erections.vigrxplus™ happens to be just one of many all-natural-based sex enhancing drugs currently trying to attract the attention of concerned men, but it claims to be the safest and the most effective among other similar brands. a visit to its official website, vigrxplus.com should effectively tell if its claims are true.comparing vigrx plus to ed prescription drugsalbion medical and other makers of penis enhancement products believe that treating erectile dysfunction only takes an organic male enhancer product-- one of which is vigrx plus™. the only side effect of all all-natural penis enhancer pills is pleasurable sex and the boost in self confidence that follows.vigrx plus™ uses   botanical ingredients and aphrodisiacs that have been tested and used since the ancient generations of china, europe, and south america. it is claimed that the ingredients bioperine, tribulus, and damiana are only three of the components that make vigrx plus™ a potent enhancer, with bioperine as the only ingredient that cannot be found in any other male pills. still, there are several medications in the market such as viagra that have helped a lot of males overcome ed. these medications are commonly composed of magnesium stearate, croscarmellose, calcium hydrogen phosphate (anhydrous), and microcrystalline cellulose. ed medications have varied chemical components that also affect their success. as such, it is so important for a male with ed to seek medical help before actually taking any medication. medical studies have discovered there are certain components in ed medications that are not compatible with other medicine ingredients such as nitroglycerin and isosorbide dinitrate, which are components of heart problems and chest pain medicines. side effects of ed medications may include dizziness, numbness, indigestion, and abrupt vision loss. if such cases occur, an ed medication user is advised to seek medical help immediately.according to vigrxplus.com, a male enhancer pill not only treats ed but also attends to other sexual irregularities such as undersized penis during sexual intercourse, premature ejaculation, decreased sexual vigor, and lack of sexual desire. while ed medications improve erection, increase exercise capability, and medicate pulmonary arterial hypertension, they  are also taken a full hour or half an hour before the sexual intercourse while organic supplements can be had anytime of the day.makers of penis organic supplements claim that every male can take advantage of their products' potencies without fearing significant health hazards since their ingredients are all natural. with vigrx plus™, a user may even be surprised that one of his body weaknesses has been improved right after gulping a vigrx plus™ pill. it has been found that several of the penis enhancement pills' ingredients can deter irregular heartbeats, lower cholesterol, and decrease blood pressure. ed medications come in both oral or anon-oral forms, be it suppositories, injections, vacuums, surgeries, or implants. all these methods may be relatively painful, especially since several tiny objects are inserted into the penis' tip. the results' duration and effectiveness are even feared to be short-term. for instance, pumping the penis each sexual intercourse and putting a tension ring around its base is seen as a hassle and tiresome task since it should be done over and over to ensure erection. on the other hand, it only takes two or three pills a day and a glass of water to have that lasting, satisfactory erection with  no pain, no blood, and no hysterias.here again are the other offers to help the different problemsyou need solutions for.





posted by

mr ultimate wealth



at

4:09 pm



























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






health and fitness: men's issues articles from ezinearticles.com


loading...




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2007

(1)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

daily manhood introduces vigrx plus!












 




penis enlargement formula - pills, natural ingredients, penis enlargement techniques


loading...










