











welcome to groppe, long & littell - groppe, long & littell






































































skip to content













 
client login
 





menu


home
about us

history
client experience
gl&l biographies
mission statement
track record highlights
client testimonials


our services

our process
our accuracy


reports & papers
contact us
 






 

















 
uniqueuniquethe only firm forecasting major changes of direction in future prices.
provenproventhe last six major changes in oil price called correctly.
successfulsuccessfulour work has been the foundation for achieving superior financial performance.
experiencedexperiencedunparalleled insight and continuity across multiple market cycles.
 



 





























groppe, long & littell provides analyses and forecasts that better position our clients to make long-term decisions concerning future business strategies. learn about our services; our process; and our accuracy.











our services










our process










our accuracy


















oil and gas analysts and forecasters with more than 130 years of combined oil industry experience, groppe, long & littell provides a basis for informed business decisions in matters that involve the economics of the oil and gas industries. periodic reports provide a thorough treatment of demand, supply and other factors that determine prices for crude oil and petroleum products worldwide and for natural gas in north america. forecasts and advice are based on detailed technical assessments and sound application of economic principles. the scope and detail of its work combined with an unmatched ability to make valued judgments distinguish the firm from other consultants and energy analysts.









 










groppe, long & littell is ready to help.



contact us








contact information

name
        *




email
        *




phone
        




company
        





message

message
        *




captcha
        






send





 






© 2025 groppe, long & littell. all rights reserved.

  
facebooklinkedin
 




scroll to top




















