


home - micro-pak

































































products & services
                    




product overview




micro-pak® stickers




micro-pak® pe sheets




micro-pak dri clay® kraft




mpx2® polybags




mpcd eco® container desiccants




micro-pak container desiccants




mpx2® desiccants




micro-pak mpx2® disinfectants




mold testing




instructions for use




technical services






company
                    




about us




regulatory & restricted substances






sustainability
                    




sustainability




the micro-pak plastic recycling factory






knowledge center
                    




overview




news and insights




events and seminars




resource center




training course




faq






contact us
                    




contact micro-pak




find a distributor










english
 繁體
 简体





















protecting billions of products from mold and moisture damage every year
our world-class, all-in-one solution safeguards your products, brands, and customers —from manufacturing through delivery. 














a complete system of protection
a holistic and unrivaled approach to mold and moisture prevention that protects goods at every step of the supply chain.






 


factory
industry-leading technical service package eliminates potential problems from production







 


packaging
safe, effective, and sustainable products keep your goods protected and mold-free. 







 


shipping
anti-moisture desiccants prevent container rain and reduce risk during transport.







 


retail
complete coverage delivers mold-free merchandise to your customers.


























products
“invisible” solutions that deliver big results
discover protection you can count on for mold and moisture prevention. trusted by the world’s top brands and retailers, our solutions go beyond your compliance requirements to give you peace of mind.

explore our family of products





services
partnership: our commitment to your success
with extensive technical services and educational programs, we are your trusted partner in protection that goes the extra mile. discover custom solutions that support your business and help manufacturers better understand mold & moisture prevention.

discover our services






                  martin berman, managing director
                










your source for mold prevention expertise
what you cannot see could cost you. learn the hazards of mold and moisture—and how to protect your business. 





guide

an introduction to mold prevention and moisture control

producing and shipping quality products on time is a challenge in any industry. the last thing you want to have happen is that the goods arrive at destination covered with mold.


                  download 






guide

steps to prevent mold & moisture damage across the supply chain

mold spores and moisture are always present in the air and this means that damage to your products can occur at any time during production, storage and shipment.


                  download 







go to the knowledge center












we are here to help.

    whether you want to get more info or are just exploring your options, our sales team will help you find the right solution for your needs.
  

contact our team





find a distributor

    micro-pak products are available worldwide. locate your nearest authorized distributor.
  

get started











stay on top of mold and moisture protection
subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news and tips on protecting your goods.




leave this field blank












subscribe
                
			


by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from micro-pak ltd., suite 2504, tower 6, the gateway, harbour city, 9 canton road, tsim sha tsui, kowloon, hong kong, www.micropakltd.com. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by contacting info@micropakltd.com.














                phone: (+852) 2956 2991
              

                fax: (+852) 2956 0790
              

                email: info@micropakltd.com
              








                                              products & services
                                          



                                              knowledge center
                                          



                                              events and seminars
                                          



                                              contact us
                                          




                                              find a distributor
                                          












© micro-pak ltd. all rights reserved | terms & conditions














