


















isebastiani















isebastiani

















home of commedia

about isebastiani

gallery


calendar & inquiries
the characters
history of commedia




weekly rehearsalsdrop-ins welcome!rehearsals take place year round on tuesdays from 7:00 - 9:30 pm.we currently meet in waltham, ma at 144 moody street, building 4, 1st floor.please contact our capocomico for more information.â  if you let us know you're coming, we can make sure you'll get in!

calendar

facebook



facebook group








 








buon giorno! 
o, you lucky people! truly you are blessed amongst the living,â 


for into your online, digital life has come
 


i sebastiani


the greatestâ commedia dell'arte troupe in the entire world!












i sebastiani is dedicated to producingâ 16th-century italian commedia dell'arte as authentically as possible.â  we improvise our plays from historical scenarios of the period as well as new scenarios written in the period style.â  we perform at historical events, schools, italian clubs, and more; if you think we would be a good fit for your event, please contact us!
our mission:


to multiply the joy and mirth upon this earthly orb
to understand the humor of the sixteenth century
to
					know, first hand, how commedia troupes operated, including
					what difficulties they faced plying their art through
					theâ faires and market places of italy, france, and
					spain
to
					develop the performing skills of the above
to
					have at our disposal a steamer trunk full of tricks, bits, turns,
					and tumbles that all have the musty aroma of the palace
					of the doge
to
					entertain audiences without reminding them of more
					modern times


congratulations to us!
				i sebastiani picked up several mentions in the theatre mirror "best of
				boston theatre 2003" including a 'special citation', 'honorable
				mentions' for both "i capitani gemellare" and "da schiava a padrona",
				and a 'memorable performance' to carl west for "da schiava a padrona".
				read the full write-up.

				"if you love commedia dell 'arte, then come. if you want to see where
				shakespeare, moliere and goldoni drew some of their inspiration, then
				come. if you want to have a living, breathing theatre history lesson,
				then come. if you love theatre as theatre, then come." 
				
				  - carl a. rossi, theatermirror.com



				"when "the greatest commedia troupe in the entire world" gets going...
				something is reborn." 
- will stackman, theatermirror.com



				"'i sebastiani' had something to do with 16th-century italian mask
				comedy. we're not sure what that is, but we're sure it was funny." 

				  - boston phoenix, best of 2002




disclaimer: i sebastianiâ® (the greatest commedia dell'arte troupe in the entire worldâ®), the individual members herein pertaining to the group designated as i sebastianiâ®, and i sebastianiâ®â performances are everything these fabulous individuals say they are.

i sebastianiâ®â has never been and never will beâ affiliatedâ with ipodâ®â or related appleâ®â products, unless we get a really good offer and then maybe we'd talk it over and think about it....







 















don't make your grandchildren curse your name; enliven yourself with commedia!call 508-881-7550 x3 for more information or email us atâ capo(at)isebastiani(dot)com









