



 


home - wake enterprises






























































































 























 
919.714.6100





 
info@wake-enterprises.org



























donate now





















 













menuhomeabout usprogramsfaq’sgalleryjobscontact us 



































name 

email 

subject 

message 




 
send





















 close




 




search for:



 




 0 


my shopping cart
  no products in the cart.
 



 

 























 


give supportyour support enables our participants to tap into their potential. to develop a sense of purpose and belonging. to realize their true value. but our impact is only possible through the generous support of people like you. 






























  


join the teamput your talents to use! join our board. we are seeking a diverse group to help lead our organization.  














 


spread the wordwe need you to connect your colleagues, organizations, and friends with we. community connections are key to ensuring we have diverse and expanded opportunities for community service and involvement available to the people we serve. 




















help to support us | make a donation













we 



build lives 



empower 



help businesses 



. 










wake enterprises, inc. (we) is a private, nonprofit organization whose mission is to assist people with disabilities to achieve their maximum level of independence..welcome to wake enterprises, inc. – empowering lives, enriching communities!at wake enterprises, inc., we are dedicated to making a positive impact on the lives of individuals with disabilities in north carolina. as a leading non-profit organization, we provide a wide range of services and support to help our participants achieve independence and meaningful inclusion within their communities.our person-centered approach ensures that each individual’s unique abilities and aspirations are at the core of our programs. through vocational training, employment opportunities, and community integration initiatives, we foster personal growth, skill development, and self-confidence.join us on our journey of empowerment, as we continue to make a difference in the lives of individuals with disabilities and build a more inclusive and compassionate society. discover how wake enterprises, inc. is transforming lives and creating lasting positive change in north carolina.not only are we committed to serving adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities, we serve local businesses and the community. wake enterprises is about more than work. we are about all members of the community having a place. 











 
















54 million americans have a disability 




 










1.3 million north carolinians reported a disability 




 










2.5 million north carolinians are impacted by a disability 




 










what's raleigh’s population under the age of 65 with a disability 




 

















 






















we can 



change 



 everything 



together 



. 













 
support us | make a donation























 



 



 



 



 






 























 





to provide meaningful and innovative experiences to enhance the lives of the people we serve. 
















contact us 






 
main office: 3548 bush street, raleigh, nc 27609



 
phone: (919) 714-6100 



 
email: info@wake-enterprises.org


















wake enterprise 2023 - an inperium, inc. affiliate 




 

















  


 












































