





 





landscaping northern va, lorton va | sliverbrook nursery & landscaping










































































8408 monacan rd lorton, va 22079
silverbrooknursery@gmail.com












(703) 690–1231



























home
about us

our team


services

landscaping design & installation
property maintenance


nursery & garden center
our work

testimonials


specials

events
landscaping referral rewards program


review us
contact us
 

















nursery & garden center
over 8 acres of beauty, located in lorton va
 


inspired landscape design
if you can dream it, we can create it
 


professional hardscapes
we design and install quality patios, walkways, reataining walls, firepits
 


reliable lawn maintenance
trust our professionals to care for your yard
 


quality yard materials
choose from a large selection of plants, trees, shrubs
 














family nursery & landscaping company in lorton va / northern va


we are a family owned and operated business located in southern fairfax county. we intend to be your neighborhood garden center and would love the opportunity to transform your property into your own personal sanctuary. with more than a 1/4 century of landscaping and nursery experience, and 8 acres of beautiful options, we can fill all your landscaping and lawn maintenance needs. silverbrook nursery & landscaping was originally founded in 1987….
read more
schedule service


silverbrook nursery & landscaping products and services





landscaping
design & installation


with more than a 1/4 century of experience, we offer complete landscape design and installation services, from fully custom landscapes to hardscapes and walkways …read more








lawn maintenance
services


make lawn maintenance hassle free with our reliable services including leaf removal, mowing, pruning, mulching, clean-ups, and more …
read more








nursery & garden
center


our full service nursery in lorton va has over 8 acres of beautiful options for your lawn and garden including a wide variety of plants, trees, vegetables, shrubs, mulch, and more …read more


our landscaping projects


there is no better time than now to begin the landscaping project that you have been dreaming of. whether it’s building a custom patio, walkway or wall, an outdoor kitchen or fireplace, an irrigation system or landscape lighting, or need a complete landscape design or planting services, the experts at silverbrook nursery & landscaping are ready to make your dream for a beautiful outdoor environment become a reality.


recent workhardscapes / walkwayslandscapesat our nursery in lorton varecent work















































hardscapes / walkways















































landscapes















































at our nursery in lorton va















































view more of our work
 







our customers say it best




















excellent, friendly family run business nestled in the woods off silverbrook road. they provide landscaping services along with a wide range of trees, shrubs, perennials and annuals. there is also a lovely gift shop and a good selection of pottery. mulch and top soil in bulk or bag and delivery is generally available. keep your eyes open for the annual spring fling with food, rides, and lots of fun things for the kids while mom and dad make selections to spruce up the yard.













beautiful, healthy, plants and excellent customer service!

brenda from springfield va











we can’t believe the transformation that the silverbrook team has made at our home. our yard looks amazing! thanks jerry, brian and buzz!!













family run, very friendly staff. jerry haley has a heart of gold and a real passion for plants and landscaping. his daughter cindy is very knowledgeable about plants and will do whatever she can to help you find what you want/need. the guys on the crews (including the ones who do the hardscape) have been with silverbrook for many years and are highly skilled.

kevin from fairfax station va











we had silverbrook nursery remove some shrubbery and replace it with smaller shrubs and flowers. they did a great job. i was impressed with how well they cleaned everything up when they were done with the project. this is the third time we have had them do work for us. they do great work for a very fair price. we would highly recommend them.













buying plants and flowers; asking advice for diy gardening
the people there are always friendly. i haven’t had them perform services at my house. but i do go there when i’m in need of purchasing some plants, small trees, and bushes. they are always helpful when asking advice.













buzz from silverbrook nursery and landscaping was a pleasure to work with. from the estimate through work completion, silverbrook nursery was professional, efficient, friendly, and very easy to work with. we changed the design at the last minute, and the workers were happy to accommodate and even offered their own suggestions (which we took!). we highly recommend this company. their prices were very reasonable and they stand behind their work.













i love coming here in the springtime. what would i have done without jerry the co-owner? his knowledge and service allowed him to suggest according to what my sun exposure, aesthetic preference and price range were. he loves his nursery, and it shows in his customer service.
i highly recommend this family owned business.

kari from burke va











great customer service!!!!
we had someone guide us through the nursery answering all of our questions!
i am pleased with the plant quality and care.

omar from dumfries va











i refer all my pool customers for decks, patios, and landscaping.

matt from fairfax va











we’ve had no problems with them. gotten tree’s, mulch, shrubs over the past years. they are also very helpful in the local community– they sponsor boyscouts and the local elementary schools. a nice, local nursery.

steve from lorton va











the staff at silverbrook nursury is nothing less than fononamal! great people and clean property to visit.

dan from fairfax va











great experience! everyone at silverbrook nursery & landscaping is very professional and helpful. at the nursery, they have some really unique plants that you wont find at some of the other local garden centers. i will definitely be calling silverbrook for my future landscaping needs. check them out!

matt from bealeton











these guys are great! we had a severe flooding problem and was told by other landscaping companies that we needed to spend thousands of dollars to dig out half of our yard and re-do drainage. jerry and tom from silverbrook came out to assess the problem and quickly determined that the issue was that runoff from the street was too much for our existing drainage to handle. all they had to do was add some dirt and mulch to the front of the yard and increase the hump in the driveway, and it solved the problem. the total cost was much less and it didn’t involve tearing out half of our yard either!

karl from woodbridge va











place was not easy to find, but once i arrived, i found a lovely garden center in a parkland setting. nice selection of plants, and unusual garden decor. the lady who helped me spent a lot of time and seemed to be very knowledgable. will definitely return.













“we recently had some landscaping done by your company. i want to thank you for a really wonderful job. a tremendous improvement that has added to the look and feel of our home, and we couldn’t be happier. all that is obviously the result of the expert team you have working for your company. the project manager was professional and courteous and when i conveyed my desires he enthusiastically engaged with his men in a calm and respectful manner and the work was done exactly as i hoped. thanks again.”

elaine from lorton va











“thanks much for the several years of great service and camaraderie; it’s always a pleasure to do business with such a great group of people.”

john from fairfax station va











“i wanted to thank each of you and send you a copy of our letter announcing our yard was selected as yard of the month for the south run forest home owners association…silverbrook was instrumental in the plant selection and the spring maintenance that made this a reality. we had never received this award and are very proud to have been selected. obviously your design had something to do with this selection.”

eddie from springfield va











“we would like to offer our profound thanks for the efforts of you and your crew to turn our yard into a showplace. all of our neighbors, even the most discerning, have nothing but high praise for the full presentation of the yard. we fully appreciate how you were able to take our ideas, vague as they were at times, and convert them to a pleasing reality. your responsiveness to a moving target made the whole process easy to manage.”

spike from springfield va











“we love our new front yard! the patio adds such a special touch. we have been sitting out front in the evening time enjoying the scene. all of our neighbors have complimented the new front yard so you are to be congratulated on the fine work!”

pam from springfield






add a review









visit our nursery




ask a question




name*


first

email*

phone*comment*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ










news & blog









seasonal landscaping tips

20

apr



follow these tips from the professionals at silverbrook nursery & landscaping in lorton va on how to properly maintain your lawn and landscape throughout the year.
read more










view all











visit our nursery / garden center




silverbrook nursery & landscaping
				8408 monacan rd
				lorton, va 22079


(703) 690–1231


silverbrooknursery@gmail.com




business hours


 monday - friday 9 am - 5 pm 
                saturday 9 am - 5 pm  
                sunday 11 am - 5 pm
home
about us
services
nursery & garden center
our work
sitemap
specials
contact us






providing landscaping in northern va


 
 lorton va
 burke va
 springfield va
also serving:
 alexandria va
 annandale va
 arlington va
 ashburn va
 bristow va
 centreville va
 dale city va
 dulles va
 gainesville va
 great falls va

fall time at silverbrook nurseryjerry haley of silverbrook nursery & landscape testimoniallanguage of flowers what does daisy meanlorton landscaper 703 690 1231 silverbrook nurserywhat does petunia mean in the language of flowersthe language of flowers the fern means magic buy a lottery ticket and a fernholidays at silverbrook nursery


 
 fairfax va
 fairfax station va
 clifton va
 herndon va
 lake ridge va
 manassas va
 mclean va
 newington va
 reston va
 sterling va
 tysons corner va
 vienna va
 woodbridge va







facebook feed
























© 2017, silverbrook nursery & landscaping | sitemap


designed & developed by 



















































   


