









uf/ifas extension administration - university of florida, institute of food and agricultural sciences - uf/ifas





































































skip to main content


























 skip to main content








give
                              
                        university of florida




 search link



  resources 












 
toggle search form

 menu
 












 
give
university of florida

 menu
 







 home



 about
 



mission


 


administration 


 


uf/ifas extension administration directory







 teams & programs
 



pathway


 


uf/ifas extension organizational chart


 


cafe latino


 


teams collaboration tool







 communications
 



extension connections 


 


comings and goings


 


extension administration calendar 


 


uf/ifas communications







 resources
 



pdec




faculty resources
business services




uf/ifas it
ifas office of human resources




partners for progress
civil rights




disaster preparedness







 districts
 



find a district/local office







 impacts
 



statewide economic impacts


 


county economic impacts







 calendar
 



uf/ifas extension administration calendar




uf/ifas extension calendar events































extension administration





extension administration












welcome
uf/ifas extension partners with communities to provide quality, relevant education and research-based expertise to foster healthy people, a healthy environment, and a healthy economy.



careers

















 











4-h camping
an overview of florida's 4-h camps with a spotlight on camp cherry lake.




view video

















 agribusiness behind the scenes: how uf/ifas risk assessments sustain florida’s $191m aquaculture industry

from vibrant tropical fish for aquarium enthusiasts to succulent shellfish served as the center of the plate, florida’s aquaculture industry serves as an economic powerhouse and a  read more   invasive specieswhere do invasive species spread and why? uf/ifas researchers take a novel approach to find the answer

science tells us invasive species — like the spotted tilapia — are always on the move, making it difficult for scientists to simulate their spread and predict where they will go next.

researchers at the university of florida institute of food and agricultural sciences took a deep dive to understand why certain locations are more susceptible and attractive to invasions by non-native plants or animals, making them prime targets for these read more uf/ifas extension happeningsagriculture    //  7 days agouf/ifas study identifies trust in science as key for supporting ai use in agricultureuf/ifas    //  8 days agofebruary 2025 class listpests & disease    //  8 days agouf/ifas researchers work to prevent a disease threatening your favorite chocolatemoney matters    //  11 days agomaximizing your community impact through legacy giving










welcome 
at the university of florida, extension is located in the institute of food and agricultural sciences (ifas), along with the college of agricultural and life sciences (cals) and the florida agricultural experiment station, and is called uf/ifas extension. more...
find a district/local office
our extension agents are here to help. uf/ifas has extension offices in each of florida's 67 counties, as well as 12 research and education centers (recs), 5 research and demonstration sites (rdss), and several other offices located throughout the state. more...
ifas office of human resources
the office of ifas human resources provides leadership and support for personnel related actions and activities for all units of the institute of food and agricultural sciences. more...





pathway to creating engagement through innovation & excellence
this document is the result of a years-long process of development, and it will continue to evolve over time. with input from citizens, stakeholders, faculty, staff and leaders, florida cooperative extension: pathway to creating engagement through innovation & excellence will guide our efforts for the next five years. more...
impacts
florida extension will continue to improve the lives of floridians as we face the challenges of tomorrow and beyond. more...
pdec/reporting
pdec's mission is to add value to the uf/ifas extension through improved program development and evaluation processes. more...
reporting season
click here for helpful resources like assessments, roa and pow, workloads and impacts and more. more...








resources

- uf/ifas branding portal


- pdec


- blogs.ifas


- social media


- uf/ifas directory


- find your local office


- uf/ifas economic impacts


- edis extension publication



























contact
feedbackuf/ifas extension administration
p.o. box 110210, gainesville, fl 32611 
(352) 392-1761

land grant mission

teaching
research
extension


information

ask ifas (edis)
uf/ifas experts
uf/ifas blogs
uf/ifas bookstore


policy

accessible uf
eeo statement
ifas web policy
ssn & uf privacy
analytics (google privacy)



© 2024 university of florida, ifas last modified:thu, 30 jan 2025 10:01:14 est

 






































