































red oak campground :: family camping in russell, pa






















home


activities


cabins & rentals


site map & rules


directions & attractions


book now!


























												red oak campground is nestled in the scandia mountains of western pennsylvania, abundant with forest and wildlife, and providing an opportunity to get away from the city life and back to nature. we have plenty of shady or open campsites for every style of camping. most sites are level and many have full hookups. we also have tent sites for those who prefer roughing it. we offer full service facilities and a wide range of amenities for our guests. campers appreciate how our modern, comfortable bathhouses are kept as clean as possible.	
												red oak campground offers complete facilities to make your stay as comfortable as possible. on the premises, we have an ice cream shop, bakery, and a heated swimming pool that is open from memorial day to labor day. for a break from hiking, swimming or chores around the campsite, stop by our game room. the room features pool tables, air hockey, pinball and video games. don’t forget to drop by our store for firewood, propane, groceries, those yummy baked goods, gifts and last-minute items.
												our community pavilion hosts several of our planned events and is available for private rental for special occasions like graduation parties and family reunions. the 
												facility offers a grilling pit and internal heating. we also offer a large recreation area, with plenty of space for team sports, as well as a playground for children.												

book now!

red oak campground has won the warren county people’s choice award - for 
									9 years from 2014 thru 2022!
									thanks to all who voted for us!






















































open and shady sites
full hookups
tent sites
cabins
full, modern bathrooms
heated swimming pool
playground
hiking trails
large pavilion
game room
camp store
in-store bakery & soda fountain
laudromat
ceramics
volleyball & basketball
kick ball & wiffle ball
lp gas
dump station
pets on leashes welcome




































												
												we are located about fifteen miles northeast of warren, pennsylvania. red oak campground’s guests can enjoy the amenities of the beautiful reservoir formed by the kinzua dam, with a boat launch only 1.5 miles away. bring your own boat because we offer convenient and affordable boat storage! our location is also close to a number of fine regional attractions including outdoor, family and recreational activities.
												

collapse and relax as you enjoy your stay here at red oak campground!






















										red oak campground
										
										225 norman road
										
										russell, pa 16345
										

(814) 
									757-8507


redoakcampground@verizon.net 
















copyright ©  red oak campground

accessibility statement | privacy statement














