


best spy software for computer & mobile phone monitoring



















   
 


 home 
|order now
|download
|support
|affiliate
|contact
|about us











how to spy on computer with keylogger spy software









007 spy software - editor's choice 
for local pc spy monitoring, easy-to-use while powerful!




 


007 spy software (spyagent) is an extremely powerful monitoring software which allows you to secretly record all computer activities including emails/webmail sent and received, websites visited, keystrokes and passwords of all programs/websites, and file operations (copy/move/delete/print/download/upload). it also records both sides of all chat conversations on aol, aim, yahoo messenger, googletalk, skype, xfire, and icq etc. it will take screen snapshot at set intervals just like a surveillance camera directly point at the pc/laptop. 
the most exciting features: remote log viewer(allows you to view logs from anywhere at anytime), password protection, suspending on idle, monitoring schedule, etc. with this amazing spy tool you will be able to see exactly what people have been doing online and off-line just like you are looking at the computer monitor over their shoulders! 100% satisfaction guaranteed!






 
fully compitable with windows 7, 8 and 10!
 
 


 
















remote spy software - 
remotely installable/controllable spy software.







remote spy is our award-winning remotely deployable spy software which allows you to monitor your computer from any location through the internet - regardless of whether the target remote computer is online or offline! it could be installed on a remote pc through an email attachment, no physical installation is needed, and you can remotely uninstall it very easily - just need a single click in your console! all logs are password protected and securely stored on our server for your eyes only, so you do not need to wait for the remote machine to sign-on to retrieve its ip address to monitor it!
regularly $129.95, now just $79.95



 

















how to spy on your employee












employee monitoring software - centralized 
              solution for multiple computers monitoring









netvizor is a powerful network surveillance software 
                    that allows you to monitor all computers of the entire network 
                    from one centralized location! netvizor can be deployed 
                    over a business network in seconds and allow for easy centralized 
                    log viewing via one central networked pc/laptop. all you 
                    need to do is point and click different users to view their 
                    activities on your own computer! no physical presence is 
                    needed to monitor all employees!

regularly $399.00, now 
                                            just $295.00! 




 


 











spy software vs. keylogger hardware





 


 

spy software requires you to be reasonably computer literate to install and configure it correctly, while spy hardware can be installed easily even by those who have never used computer before.

keylogger hardware can store up to 64kb data, while spy software allows you store up to xx gb data as long as your hard disk has enough free space.

spy software can also capture screen snapshots, incoming/outgoing emails, both sides of online conversations etc. etc. while keylogger hardware only records keystrokes like a keylogger software.

spy software can be used to monitor both pc and laptop/notebook, while keylogger hardware can only be used on a pc. but spy software only support windows system, while hardware spy can work fine regardless of operating system at all! that means keylogger hardware can work with windows/linux and unix system. 
spy hardware do not need any cpu resource or ram to function, while spy software definitely utilize computer cpu/ram resource, so it might slightly impact the computer speed. fortunately our spy product only engross very little resource and users can hardly feel it.

normally spy software need to be installed under a windows administrator account to have full permission to function correctly, while keylogger hardware does not need this at all!  in conclusion, both of them have strongpoints and disadvantages simultaneously. you'd better take all things into consideration carefully before making the choice.

related articles: 
catch cheating spouse
-signs of cheating wife/husband and how to catch cheating spouse.












latest news of our keylogger spy software













 



v9.1 released on 2016-12-09
007 spyagent 9.x is online!
v3.95 released on 2015-03-09
log remote delivery bugs fixed and several bugs fixed!
007 spy software v3.95 released on 2014-03-01
log remote delivery bugs fixed and several bugs fixed!
007 spy software v3.94 released on 2013-09-25
in this version we fix log sending bugs and allow customers review their logs remotely through any web browsers at anytime, from anywhere!
007 keylogger spy software v3.87 released on 2006-05-18
this is the latest version which completely hide the password/hotkey 
info of 007 to protect registered user's privacy, as well as 
fixed the wrong response message when user input earlier version 
of registration code. it will automatically lead users to download 
the latest regcode for free, and allows users of "spyanytime 
pc spy" to upgrade with great discount.
007 spy software v3.8 released on 2006-02-12
v3.83 fixed the flaw of displaying wrong number of log records 
at startup, and it can be automatically installed as the full 
stealth mode to avoid been detected by spyware scanners. 
007 spy software v3.7 released on 2006-01-23
this is a major update with remarkable improvement in email 
delivery technology! now all our users are not required to input/configure 
the smtp server settings to send log report email. we made extremely 
powerful smtp engine in this version to send log report without 
any complicated configuration/testing. just input your preferred 
email address to receive logs delivered by 007, then hit the 
"test now" button to ensure you can get the testing 
email, that's all!
007 spy software v3.6 released on 2005-07-01
very excited! 007 can correctly record every keystroke in ms 
office excel now! lots of our competitors' products are still 
unable to capture key code from excel. also lots of webmail 
login/password can be correctly recorded by 007 such as yahoo 
mail, hotmail, aol and msn mail etc. 
007 spy software v3.5 released on 2005-03-29
very powerful new feature against spyware scanners has been 
integrated into v3.5! now 007 can easily override most "spyware 
detector" to avoid been picked up by these programs, including 
ad-aware, spybot, spy sweeper, etc. no evident motion appears 
on the desktop since 007 will prevent them from running in the 
background, so users will not be aware what has happened.
007 keylogger spy software v3.0 released on 2003-05-29
007 spy software was born on the internet! integrated with most 
powerful spy engine and extremely user-friendly interface will 
make 007 spy the world's first perfect surveillance program 
for employee monitoring, parental control and all other monitoring 
purpose! unit can be purchase at only $39.95 with lifetime free 
upgrade! 













recent awards granted to our outstanding spy software!







 

 
 download | buy now | msn 
spy | email spy | 
chat spy | 
about

3830 valley center san diego, ca. ©2004-2020 spy software. all rights reserved. 
 




