






shorebeach |































home
rentals
employment

lifeguard jobs
application


lifeguards

about our lifeguards
application
junior lifeguards


competitions
our beaches
beach patrol
live conditions
 





select page


  
 



 



 













shore beach service

protecting the beaches of hilton head island, sc











shore beach service

serving hilton head since 1974







shore beach service

if you have visited hilton head island’s beaches, you are probably familiar with shore beach service. we are on the beach in the lifeguard highchairs, under the blue & gray umbrellas, or driving the red beach patrol vehicles. if you are new to the island, let us help you have a great vacation!
hilton head island is blessed with some of the safest waters on the east coast, as gentle sloping beaches and offshore sandbars generally create calm surf conditions. however, always be cautious in the ocean and please follow our beach safety tips and beach rules to ensure a safe and enjoyable day.





beach rentals

serving hilton head since 1974, shore beach service is the island’s premier beach equipment rental service. we provide the rental of umbrellas and chairs anywhere throughout the beach.
we are the only company on hilton head island that can set up the equipment for you anywhere on the beach daily, saving you the hassle so you can have a more relaxing and enjoyable vacation.
see our rentals page for rates and other info.

view rental rates and info





join our team

shore beach service provides the beach patrol for hilton head island’s 13.5 miles of beach. the beach patrol includes about 80 lifeguards from across the country and around the world.
as a member of the south atlantic region of the united states lifesaving association (usla) since 1989 and a certified agency of the usla for open water lifeguarding since 1995, our lifeguards are held to the usla’s high standards of training. we are always looking for physically fit individuals with outstanding customer service skills to join our team.





we are closed for rentals for the 2024 season. we'll see you in march 2025!







lifeguards

diving into the numbers









from south carolina to hawaii our lifeguards have come from 47 states.







our guards patrol 13.5 miles of hilton head’s beaches.







we’ve had lifeguards from 22 different countries including brazil, canada,  egypt, poland,  and sweden.








welcome to hilton head island

hilton head island is home to 13.5 miles of breathtaking, sandy beaches along south carolina’s picturesque coastline. renowned for their natural beauty, these beaches feature soft, white sands and calm, inviting atlantic waters, making them ideal for relaxation and recreation.

learn more about our beaches








spend the summer working on the beaches of hilton head island, south carolina!

join our team




join the team
shore beach service is always looking for people who enjoy working with in a team environment and possess good moral character and high standards of physical fitness. each year, we hire more than 70 lifeguards from across the country and around the world to fill our available jobs. additionally, we hire office staff.



learn more


















































  view this post on instagrama post shared by shore beach service (@shorebeachservice)  












116 arrow road  •  hilton head island, sc 29928phone: (843)785-3494  •  fax: (843)785-2023  •  office@shorebeach.com


followfollowfollow




 







copyright shore beach services 

















