


saci









member login / registration








about us

contact us
saci history
saci divisions
saci council
constitution
saci presidents
saci benefits
annual reports

agm report 2022
agm report 2021
agm report 2020
agm report 2019
agm report 2018
agm report 2017
agm report 2016
agm report 2015
agm report 2014
agm report 2014
agm report 2013
agm report 2012
agm report 2011




events

saci events
other events


membership

membership requirements
saci benefits
apply for membership
patron or company membership
patron and company members
update membership details


fellow membership

fellow requirements
nominate a fellow
saci fellows


reminiscences - members 
home
sacnasp
awards

saci awards
award history


news

obituaries
newsletters

january -  may 2022
june - december2022




sa journal of chemistry

electronic submissions/ track your paper
contents page


vacancies
notices & announcements 
chemistry departments
interesting websites
 salary survey





 
advertise here

 
 
 








quick links


  


 



 
  
 
  



 
  
 
   



  

 
 



              
                
               


saci facebook : https://www.facebook.com/saci.official/
saci instagram: https://www.instagram.com/saci_chemistry/ 
saci/rsc
the president of saci visits the royal society of  chemistry 

	      the president  of saci, prof zeni tshentu, was invited on behalf of the south african  chemical institute (saci) to attend the summer party and engage in a  saci-rsc mou signing ceremony on the 25-25 july 2024. the events at the  burlington house in london included a president’s lunch with the saci  president, gdch, iupac president, euchems, honorary fellows and members of the  rsc leadership team and this was followed by the president’s reception and a  summer party on thursday 25 july 2024. on friday 26 july 2024, a ceremony was  held for the renewal of the memorandum of understanding (mou) between the royal  society of chemistry (rsc) and the (saci). the mou covers several areas of cooperation  between the two societies around range of developmental agendas including co-hosting  of scientific meetings and focus on the sustainability science trajectory. the  president of saci is very grateful for the opportunity to interact with the rsc  leadership team and thanks them dearly for their hospitality. the president of  saci also thanks saci for making the trip possible and for the support of exco. 


	      the attendees at the president’s lunch outside the rsc  offices at the burlington house.


        the president of the rsc (dr annette doherty) and the  saci president (prof zeni tshentu) at the mou signing ceremony. 
statement on diversity and  inclusion – south african chemical institute 
the  south african chemical institute is committed to diversity and inclusivity in  chemical sciences. the institute opposes  discriminatory acts or threats based on race, ethnicity, citizenship, culture,  language, disability, age, religious or spiritual beliefs, political opinion,  gender, sexual identity, sexual orientation and economic class. 
the institute is dedicated (i) to endorsing excellence  and scientific credibility across chemical sciences conducted in academic,  industrial, and governmental institutions, and (ii) to nurturing the values of  diversity, inclusivity, and equity in the chemical sciences in south africa. hence, saci will continue to play a  leading role in assuring the professional competence and integrity of chemists  and fostering international collaboration whilst upholding inclusivity and  diversity.
statement on sexual  harassment – south african chemical institute 
the south african chemical institute will not  permit any kind of sexual harassment (physical, verbal or non-verbal conduct)  in the institute or at events organised by or related to the institute. the institute is committed to and fully supports  environments that are free of any form of unfair discrimination and harassment,  including gender-based violence. allegations of any form of sexual harassment will be dealt with  seriously, expeditiously, sensitively and confidentially.
statement from saci council  on tertiary training in chemistry as a result of disruptions to the 2020  academic year due to the covid-19 pandemic. 
as the professional body  representing the interests of all chemists in south africa, we recognise the  challenges that the current covid-19 crisis presents to all our members in  academia, research and industry. we also acknowledge the challenges the current  situation presents to our tertiary institutions and specifically the challenges  presented by moving to online teaching. we applaud the efforts of all our  members who work at tertiary institutions who have adapted and innovated to  ensure that we can continue as far as possible with our teaching and learning  of chemistry even when on campus face-to-face contact is not possible. our  tertiary institutions play a critical role in not only training the next  generation of chemists, but they are also tasked with the important  responsibility of ensuring that many people from other professions and  disciplines are trained in the fundamental principles of chemistry. 
we reaffirm our belief that this  training is essential, as chemistry is one of the central sciences. key to this  training is the practical component and laboratory based skills development.  while we accept that this critical component of our training is not possible  under the current situation, we strongly urge that plans be put in place to  preserve this component of training as part of the curriculum as far as possible.  in some cases, virtual laboratory tools can facilitate learning, but we believe  that “in laboratory practical training” particularly for senior level courses  should be preserved. saci strongly recommends that at least a critical minimum  practical experience should form part of the plans to complete the 2020  academic year at our tertiary institutions. we believe that this is essential  to preserve the validity and integrity of the academic training programmes in  chemistry.
latest updates: 
download latest  saci newsletter 
pay your saci membership fees with snapscan

 
saci ties, scarfs and t-shirts
                  
periodic table ties and ladies scarfs r140 each. 
                                     
periodic table t shirt short sleeve r200, long sleeve r220
please contact head office to place orders.
there is also a courier charge of r150 per order for delivery.


 













