



	vintagemachinery.org | welcome























welcome! 
register :: login












home



about us



discussion forum



machine info



photo index



buy & sell



tools



support vintage machinery








home page













mission





submitting content





vintagemachinery.org support





contact us













discussion forum





wiki/knowledge base





discussion faq













the shop





projects forum





for sale forum





swarf





vintagemachinery.org support





owwm.org support













manufacturer's index





machine registry





publication reprints





wiki/knowledge base













photo index home





index by manufacturer





index by machine type





recent submissions





submit new photo













classified ads





vintage machinery store













workshop calculations





patent search





book store





member profiles













donations





vintage machinery store





calendars





amazon.com





highland woodworking












 
                                        
search

                                      
                                




























the vintagemachinery.org
web site is devoted to information on the history,
                            restoration and use of vintage woodworking machinery. compiled through the generous
                            contributions of content by thousands of dedicated members, the vintage machinery
                            web site contains information concerning vintage machinery including:
                            



historical information on
                                                every known manufacturer of wood-working and metal-working machinery as well as
                                                steam and gas engines in north america in the
                                                manufacturers index
downloadable publications 
                                                of historical catalogs, manuals and other documents in publication reprints
photos of vintage machines
                                                owned and restored by our members in the photo index
technical information on the
                                                restoration and use of vintage machinery in the 
                                                    vintage machinery wiki/knowledge base

buy
                                                    and sell vintage machinery using the free 
vintage machinery classified ads







                                keith rucker's latest videos:








go to keith rucker's youtube channel




                                news:


 • 03/19/2021 - 


swedish machinery now included






thanks to our new volunteer historian david lundqvist, we now include machinery made in sweden.




 • 09/16/2020 - 


south bend lathe/machinery serial numbers






serial number tables have been created in the products tab.




 • 09/02/2020 - 


owwm.org problems






owwm.org domain problems - we're working on it.




 • 10/13/2019 - 


vises added to vintage machinery






vises have now been added to the list of acceptable entries in vintage machinery. they must be at least 20 years old and manufactured in the u. s., canada, mexico or the u. k.






                                            rss feeds:
                                        keep track of the latest content submission to the vintagemachinery.org
                                        web site through our rss feeds!  subscribe to the feeds you want and you can
                                        easily track the most recent content submitted to the vintagemachinery.org
                                        web site. 
                                        




recent classified ad submissions

                                                     



recent vintagemachinery.org news





recent photo index submissions

                                                     



recent manufacturers index submissions





recent publication reprint submissions

                                                     



recent manufacturers index image submissions



google site search - search the
                                                vintagemachinery.org site using the power of the google search engine!





                                contributing content:
                            do you have information or publications that you would like to share with the vintagemachinery.org
                            web site?  if so, please read our submitting
                                content page or contact us. use the
                            quick likes below to submit new content to the site:

submit a publication - upload
                                    publication reprints in pdf format
submit machinery photos - upload
                                    digital images of vintage machinery 


                                got a question?
                            answers to common questions can often be found on the 
vintage machinery knowledge base/wiki. visitors are also
                            encouraged to ask questions and participate in discussion of vintage machinery at
                            our sister site, the owwm.org discussion forum.
                            
                                support vintage machinery:









                                        if you find the vintage machinery site useful, please consider making a 
donation to help offset the cost of bringing this material
                                        to you. while we do not charge for our services, it does cost us a considerable
                                        amount of money to bring this site to you. your donation will go a long way towards
                                        keeping this site active in the future. donations can be made via paypal
 or by check or money order. additionally, if you
                                        purchase something from 
amazon.com or 
highland woodworking, please use the search box here
                                        on our site and vintage machinery will receive a small commission from your purchase.




                                                amazon.com widgets
















home | 
                            about us | discussion forum
                        | machine info | photo index | 
                                buy & sell | tools
                        | support vintagemachinery.org

please note: vintagemachinery.org was founded as a public service to
                            amateur and professional woodworkers who enjoy using and/or restoring vintage machinery.
                            our purpose is to provide information about vintage machinery that is generally
                            difficult to locate. vintagemachinery.org does not provide support or parts for any machines
                            on this site nor do we represent any manufacturer listed on this site in any way.
                            catalogs, manuals and any other literature that is available on this site is made
                            available for a historical record only. please remember that safety standards have
                            changed over the years and information in old manuals as well as the old machines
                            themselves may not meet modern standards. it is up to the individual user to use
                            good judgment and to safely operate old machinery. the vintagemachinery.org
                            web site will assume no responsibilities for damages or injuries resulting from
                            information obtained from this site.
                        
                        copyright © 2001 - 
                        2025
vintagemachinery.org (formerly owwm.com) -
                        all rights reserved
                    







