






 



home - potomac
































































about
strategies
funds
guardrails
blog
contact
login
 





select page


  
 



 



 






















investment strategies and solutions for financial advisors.

built to conquer risk™

hit it












go boldly

if you’re looking for a risk management partner, you’re in the right place.






we know life isn’t just about reaching a goal. it’s about enjoying the journey along the way. but that’s hard to do when you’re always thinking about risk. potomac was built on the idea that risk can be contained—even conquered.




whether you’re concerned about a dramatic market downturn, or the challenges of taking your business to the next level, we’re your go-to source for the tools and guidance you need to conquer risk.

 







about potomac

potomac was founded on the belief that risk can be managed by smart ideas and smart people.  
ever since, we’ve been finding new ways to help financial advisors invest and run their businesses with confidence. we built risk-managed strategies available through multiple platforms, tactical mutual funds designed to adjust their holdings to match the current market environment, and a powerful risk software solution actually built by a risk manager.





our strategies



select from a range of tactical strategies built to manage risk in a variety of market environments.





mutual funds



the potomac funds are designed to tactically adjust their holdings to match the current market environment.





guardrails app



just as guardrails are designed to protect drivers from unforeseen risk, our software creates a framework to keep investments on the road.







our blog

read our takes on growth, investing, operations, marketing, and more.





in the news

our team in the media discussing news, markets, and managing risk.









who are you?

the most important professional relationship of our lives should be defined by connection and insight. not financial technobabble.
join us as we highlight some of the most dynamic people in wealth management.

watch the show









from our desk

latest insight and market research













potomac surpasses $2 billion on the heels of new distribution and business evolution

by potomac | feb 11, 2025potomac is pleased to announce it has passed a key milestone by crossing the $2 billion threshold.
read more




most engaged content of 2024 from potomac

by allison kanter | jan 29, 2025as we turn the page on another exciting year, it’s time to reflect on the stories, ideas, and milestones that defined 2024 for potomac.
read more




who are you? (e6)aaron cirksena

by christopher norton | jan 23, 2025join us as we adventure to annapolis, md financial advisor and mdrn capital founder and ceo aaron cirksena in a 1971 citroen ds-21.
read more















five tips for overcoming  branding challenges

by allison kanter | dec 19, 2024branding is hard. no matter the size or industry, every business faces the challenge of establishing and maintaining a strong visual identity.
read more




who are you? (e5)manish khatta

by christopher norton | dec 12, 2024join us as we adventure to potomac, md with ceo/cio manish khatta in a 1966 ford t-5.
read more




potomac’s bull bear strategy now available  at geowealth

by potomac | nov 26, 2024potomac’s tactical investment strategy, bull bear, is now available at geowealth model marketplace.
read more











go boldly





one-by-one we are ripping business away from places that provide outdated tech and bad service. your customer experience matters, and here – it’s everything.




manish khatta
ceo & cio











be in the know
subscribe











ready to talk?
connect with us



followfollowfollow



media inquiries
contact us





 







privacy policy
disclosures
adv part 2
adv part 3
gips
 




© copyright 2025 - all rights reserved potomac fund management, inc. 




 








































