








welcome to elephant yard shopping, kendal - elephant yard

















































skip to content


 


stores

stores
ac gallery
bagot opticians
bob & berts
boots
claire’s
costa
gates travel
kakaw
kendal library
natwest
next
podda & wren
the bed store
todds


about us

about us
vacancies


history
news
contact
units to let
 










welcome to elephant yard shopping, kendal
our great mix of high street brands and local names brings stylish living to the heart of kendal – a charming market town close to the beautiful lake district.
stores




plan your visit
you’ll love shopping at elephant yard
with fashion, footwear, beauty, jewellery, homewares, travel and more. elephant yard shopping in kendal captures the essence of modern style in one fantastic destination, seven days a week!
retailers

follow us






 

 

whats happening in the yard

there’s always lots going on at elephant yard, with the beautiful town of kendal as our backdrop we love to get involved with local events and community projects. we host frequent competitions, embrace the festivities and enjoy lots of family friendly activities.
news







 looking to move your business to elephant yard
retail			



events 
spring into the new year: fashion trends for 2025as the chill of winter gives way to the fresh blooms of spring, the fashion world is buzzing with excitement. the year 2025 promises to be a vibrant tapestry of bold statements, nostalgic revivals, and innovative materials. whether you’re looking to revamp your wardrobe or simply stay on top of the trends, here’s your ultimate […]read more
home 
revitalise your home with january updatesthe new year is here and with january comes a sense of renewal and fresh starts. what better way to embrace this spirit than by giving your home a makeover? whether you’re looking to revamp your living space or add a touch of warmth to combat the winter chill, january is the perfect time to […]read more
 

follow us













 




contact us
 



elephant yard shopping centre, kendal, cumbria la9 4qq





 
commercial
retail
cookie policy
terms of use
privacy policy
 








					follow us
					
					







		© elephant yard shopping 2021. all rights reserved. elephant yard shopping is a limited company registered in england and wales. registered office: portland estates office, welbeck, worksop nottinghamshire, s80 3ll. registered number: 00689754 	
		 | site by burnett design












search for:



 



























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.oknoprivacy policy







