































jerome's livejournal -- entries













jerome's livejournal entries
[entries|friends|calendar]














jerome






[
userinfo
|
livejournal userinfo
]


[
calendar
|
livejournal calendar
]
















feel free to read and post comments at the bottom of each entry.






new website
[31 jul 2007|12:03am]





the new journey is afoot...




5 comments|post comment










man'o'whore
[03 dec 2005|03:35am]



yes!  the games and music experience!  fresh out of sf and continuing on throughout the weekend, this games, music, break-dancing, taiko-drumming, and promotions-whoring extravaganza....turned out to be very lame.  ah hell, we got in for free, so no complaints.  what we did miss out on is flava flave and rob schneider!we expected to run into our share of dorks, and we didn't miss a beat....we passed by this dude, and vu thought he looked so ridiculous, we just had to have our picture taken with him.  that's when i chimed in and explained that it's vincent from final fantasy vii.  apparently that knowledge puts me on par for dork status with the cosplay dude.  he was very flattered that we asked to have our picture taken with him, so pride and ridicule both win out!  ahh, balance.we passed by the hip-hop stage, watched a couple dudes breakin, and i got this grand idea for a perfect photo-op that completely backfired.  i handed clay the camera and told him to snap some shots of the guys doing their thing while chuck and i sneak behind and do a simple hand-stand or something to make it look like we're in the same league.  you judge for yourself....by this point, you can see the guy plain laughing at me because i look so ridiculous.there was a really cute promotions girl chuck and i were trying to talk up because she was in charge of handing out ipod nanos to the crowd.  we almost swindled our way to that one, but no such luck.  completely crazy, considering how much fucking charm there is to go around when chuck and i are on the attack.  i had asked her where she was from, and to no surprise, l.a.  i told her i bet she was a dancer/singer/actress, to which she replied, "and this!" motioning to her body.  that's l.a. girls for you in a nutshell.by the way, the new xbox 360 games look incredibly sweet.after that very tepid evening, we opted for the bars, where cockfest central 2005 took place.nothing too exciting happened, other than i need to learn to open both eyes when someone takes a picture of us.




4 comments|post comment










pandemic express
[21 oct 2005|06:22pm]





so my vision towards starting a band is beginning to materialize....since it's my vision, i'll assume the role of leader as the architect of the band.  my weapon of choice?  electric guitar.  one of 3 such players in the band, along with a bass player (one sometimes switching off to play 2nd bass).but never lead, rythmic guitar.  i add/bring the flavor, the flair. i would be the color commentator to my bandmates' play-by-play announcer.  naturally, we'd all have pedal-boards completely tricked out for all our reverb, distortion, and delay needs.the electric guitar is the single most important piece of hardware in today's music landscape (my opinion, of course).  no other instrument is capable of driving home the hardest emotions.  therefore, the more, the merrier.on top of that, two sets of percussion.  one traditional drum kit, along with a tribal drum kit.the combination of both is crucial.  aggressive, code-red percussion is a force that can move mountains.  however, every other band that gets the formula right does so in an unorganic way, programming beats in lieu of stomping it out.next, the second most important instrument any band can use: a combination keyboard/laptop/synth.  want to strike that ethereal chord?  here's your winner.what instrument can elicit a shrill, high sound to match the heights of the guitar and synth?the ultimate play-maker: the violin!wait, did i forgot anyone?  ahh yes, a vocalist....opera singer, minus the viking garb.now, the mission statement:to transform every molecule of air into a sonic reverie.  every nook and cranny, every inch of every square, engulfed in a vacuum of sound.  crafting music beyond the scope of the best of post-rock and shoegaze, with a strong emphasis on rendering listeners weak in the knees.  forging a spirit that will discombobulate the mind and reinforce the notion that music is the strongest force to behold, a power even greater than the individual.  beats and melodies that attack at the core, unleashing the animal in us all.  lush, driving soundscapes with minimalist, progressive dynamics, anchored by the most breath-taking crescendos imaginable.  a tsunami-like wall of sound that swallows everything in its wake.i'm still at the "ideas" stage.  beware what will come in five years' time.




1 comment|post comment










paypalpateen girl squadripalegic
[10 oct 2005|11:13pm]





update on upcoming shows:minus the bear - oct 16th, sun, great american music hallthe appleseed cast - oct 22nd, sat, 12 galaxiessaxon shore - oct 23rd, sun, make-out roomthe go! team - oct 24th, mon, the fillmorebroken social scene - nov 9th, wed, grand ballroomdeath cab for cutie - nov 13th, sun, the warfieldlet me know if you're down.




14 comments|post comment










apartheidal pool toys for tottinghammer time
[10 oct 2005|02:11pm]



me and maian enjoying clap your hands say yeah at the mezzanine.we didn't know the cyhsy/national show was sold out when we got there, but optimism triumphed as we stood in line for a couple hours at the prospect of extra tickets being available.  some dude with a headset walked out and counted out a certain number of people in line and waved us all forward.  suddenly, stories of $40 craiglist tickets and looks of pity from the will-call line meant nothing.  we got in for a cover price of $15.  the dude who sold me my ticket wouldn't stop talking about how gorgeous my eyes were.  my eyes tend to glow when i'm euphoric like that.the venue is located in a seedy alleyway, so you knew something hardcore was gonna go down while we were waiting outside.  behind the line of metrosexual hipster gen-xers sipping on their paper-bagged sparks, a car stopped, windows down, and lots of yelling ensued.  a small asian dude came up to the car's passenger window and started yelling at a guy for spitting on his friend.  a massive guy stepped out from the other side of the car, threw his jacket in the backseat, yelled something about messin with his brother, rounded the car, and started swinging.  the token girlfriend started screaming as her boy was being tossed around like a ragged doll, jumping in harm's way to protect him.  guys know not to hit a girl, so he got back in the car and they sped off, yelling shit about gettin fucked up.  i'd seen enough of the same from my bouncer days, but all these harmless hipsters looked like they had just seen a ghost.  they clanked their paper-bagged sparks in honor of the moment.the show was great.  not enough cute girls, though.  the national managed to surprised me.  much more guitar action than i had originally given them credit for.i also went and saw mono, interpol, and m83 in the time since.charlatantric is up to 150 members.  good music wins!jerome in south korea??that's the plan!  i'm busy looking for the next adventure in my life.  teaching english abroad is that current ambition.  of course, i'm very fickle, so don't hold me to it.  ideally, the program would last a year and bring me one year's experience closer to a future academic profession.  why south korea, of all places?  i don't know, just cuz.  i want to experience a whole new culture with a whole different language, but i already took a year of japanese (plus it's overrated) and my friends all already went to china.  plus the south korean program pays the most.classes start early next month.  we'll see what happens....




10 comments|post comment










velveterrain vehiclularosis
[20 sep 2005|10:57pm]



'tis fair to say i'm getting back in shape.  'tis also fair to call me a ham.( thar be more!collapse )




8 comments|post comment










the culf ghost meets the ghost card
[04 sep 2005|05:40pm]





my fall tv viewing line-up:arrested developmentthis show was introduced to me by one of my sf roommates, brandon.  no show is comprised of more inside jokes and interesting characters.  the best is gob, a womanizing, hack magician who rides around on a segway.  the casting for this show is seriously brilliant.  any show that makes use of guest appreances from the likes of ben stiller and half the cast of the daily show can never err.fox, monday, 8pm, sept. 19thcurb your enthusiasmlarry david, co-creator of seinfeld.  that alone should sell it.  i had all the episodes from the first four seasons sitting on my computer, so i watched it all in one week.  i could try to describe the show, but i'd be killing the joke.  pure funny.hbo, sunday, 10pm, sept. 25thlostby far the most brilliant show on tv right now.  i've never watched a drama that has me so riveted.abc, wednesday, 9pm, sept. 21stamerican dadthis show straddles that fine line of mocking gung-ho patriotic types, though not as well as team america, which also mocks the left beautifully.  just as funny as family guy.fox, sunday, 9:30pm, sept. 11ththose round out the four new members of the team to join among the ranks of survivor, the apprentice, the daily show, real time w/ bill maher, family guy, and every dating show.i actually don't watch that much tv.  well, actually, now that football season is on, that's gonna change.god bless bit torrent.




1 comment|post comment










crunch workout = ab solution
[04 sep 2005|01:14pm]



a photo portrait cut-out of a tub of popcorn??  i decided to salute the creative department on that call with my ass crack.alex and i discuss the finer points of cunilingus in the most non-scripted photo-op imaginable.  the yellow dude is a metaphor for the labia.( yeah, there's more....collapse )




5 comments|post comment










golden archibald eagle eye cherry stem the tidal wave formattresspasskey chain link tothe past tense
[21 aug 2005|07:01pm]





last night was......interesting.jt and i went over to clay and scott's place and began drinking.  i make a mean white russian, so we got buzzed on those.  we hailed a taxi and went to mission street to make the most of our night at the bars.  we met up with jt's friend, who was celebrating her birthday, and by that time i was already pretty faded.  i made my rounds around the bar, turned to clay, and said, "you see that black girl?  she's been jocking me all night."  right then, the girl came up to me and asked if i graduated from davis.  she knew as much because the friend she came with was some girl i apparently had hit on 5 years ago during my freshman year in the dorms.  glad to see i can leave such a lasting impression on people.anyway, this girl was cute, smart, and cool.  except her name is elsie.  that's my grandma's name.we flirted and danced the night away, and her friends wanted to rush off, so i cut my losses and settled for her phone number.  over an hour had passed since i had last seen my friends, so i moseyed around the bar looking for them.  i was so fucking drunk that everything looked like a blur to me.  i figured they had left, so i went outside to call them.  i couldn't make out a shit's lick of what they were saying on the phone, and since the bouncers were being dicks and making everyone wait 30 minutes to get back in the bar, i grew frustrated and decided to head back home.  not wanting to spend $20 on a taxi ride home alone, i chose to walk back instead....4.5 miles.  i turned into forrest gump and started jogging.  here's the kicker: i had no idea where i was or how to get back.  but my intuitive sense of orientation came through despite my hammered state, and i made it home in one piece within 45 minutes.  i downed 3 bottles of water, stripped down, threw myself onto my bed, and crashed.(cue 2 hours later)i wake up to find jt at my door, shoving some girl in my room.  i was still very drunk, so i was completely confused.  the door was closed on us, so i did the responsible thing and introduced myself.long story short, this girl, 26, friends with the birthday girl we had met up with earlier, saw me at the bar, couldn't stop talking about me the whole night, and was upset that i had devoted my whole time at the bar to that one girl.  all my friends thought it would be a grand idea to shove her in my room and let nature take its course.  which it did.  within 15 minutes.  there's always something inherently satisfying about a cute girl whispering in you ear, "i want you to fuck me."after dwelling on the fact that she had only known me for an hour, she had the nerve to ask if i thought she was a whore.  i don't subscribe to the notion of whores/sluts/pimps/etc., so i told her to stop being a bum and worrying about it.  she left that morning, and i probably won't see her again.my friends were teasing me about it all day, saying all i ever do is yell, run, and fuck.i still think the running home part was more interesting.here's a website that tracks your music-listening habits.  great way to find new music and see what your friends are listening to.  here's my profile.




10 comments|post comment










the nancy post
[20 aug 2005|05:22pm]



it's been over six months since we broke up, so i figured it was time to put the whole relationship into "historical" perspective.well, where to begin?  an acquaintance turned intimate partner turned friend turned girlfriend turned heartbreak.  that's pretty much the gist of it.i've never been in love before, but nancy is by far the person i've had the most feelings for.  we pretty much set ourselves up for failure, committing ourselves to a relationship knowing full-well i'd be graduating and taking off within months.  despite that, the relationship ended amicably when that time came.the mistake came in the aftermath, when we decided to continue seeing one another when emotions were still floating around.  i'm not gonna dance around anything; i fucked up big time.  i was under the (false) impression that, since we were broken up, it was as good as an open relationship.  and in that time, i started seeing another girl.  out of honesty (a must if you're going to be intimate with someone), the first thing i did was tell nancy about it.  she was mad, disgusted, and told me she wanted to end anything beyond a friendship between us.  me, not emotionally ready to just let the last vestige of our relationship end like that, put up a fight.  i, myself, got mad and pleaded for her to reconsider.  she, in turn, took my attitude as a sign where she felt sex was the only thing that mattered to me about her, and somehow had been the principal agenda during our whole relationship.  at that moment, everything the last 14 months had built up to was rendered worthless, nancy deciding she didn't want anything to ever do with me again.  the inside jokes?  no longer funny.  the memories?  tarnished.  the feelings?  abandoned.  the future?  squandered....interestingly enough, guys see my side of it, girls her side.guilt, anger, sadness, i was feeling it all.  regret, mostly.  i was incredibly burdened over the next two months, especially during my sleep.  whereas some people have the issue of recurring dreams, i suffered the wrath of a recurring theme.  that theme being nancy and i patching things up.  so every night for two months, i'd wake up in the middle of the night thinking nancy and i were on good terms again.  sometimes she'd tell me she forgave me as i was picking her up at the bus stop.  other times she'd just cuddle up in my arms when i was over at bev's house.  this was always followed by grave disappointment as i'd realize i was still in sf.i felt the sting everywhere.  at picnic day, when i saw nancy's sister with her boyfriend, what normally would have been fair greetings was instead a smorgasbord of disdain.  her friends as well had some dirty stares.the complication arrives here: she and my best friend, bev, became inseparable in the time we were going out.  they're still good friends and will be living together next (school) year.  as a result, it's been in my interest to try and maintain some semblance of acquaintanceship with nancy.  my attempts grew fruitless, managing only to push her further away.  the last time we talked, she was despondently annoyed with me and just as much bitched me out.so why i can't i just get over it?  don't i have ice water running through my veins?well, for two reasons.  one is, of course, bev.  she's been caught in the middle of this whole mess, and since nancy and i are two of the biggest people in her life, it would only make sense that everyone gets along.  i'll be up in davis for bev's 21st, as well as helping her move in to her new apartment, so nancy and i are going to cross paths for the first time since it all went to shit.  i still don't know how i'm going to react.second, principle.  if the person i've had the most feelings for is going to hate me for something, it damn well better be legitimate.  like maybe if i burned her house down or sodomized her dog, that's one thing, but some false perception that i only used her for sex will not suffice.  i feel cheated, and it still bugs me out of principle in a seinfeldian sort of way.speaking of which, i have all the episodes of curb your enthusiasm on my computer, and it's a fucking brilliant show.so, where do i stand now?the romantic feelings have, for the most part, subsided.  i've been with other girls without nancy crossing my mind, if that stands for anything.  i just hate the way things ended, and that still bugs me.  but it's going to have to stay that way.  i'd have to be a fucking idiot to bring it out and push the idea on anyone.the reality is that nancy and i will never talk to one another in the future other than to be make polite conversation for the sake of the people around us.  there's no point in pursuing anything beyond that.  and while it'll bug a part of me, the whole thing isn't going to be more than a blip on the radar considering the scope of my entire life.  and for that, i'm ready to tackle whatever else life has to deliver.




11 comments|post comment










element op (i thought of that before i even heard of the band!!)
[19 aug 2005|06:27pm]



what's eating jerome holeyman these days?nothing much.he just felt vain.qed




6 comments|post comment











[15 aug 2005|05:24pm]



( do you dare?collapse )




6 comments|post comment











[15 aug 2005|05:23pm]



( part 2collapse )joy!  charlatantric is up to 120 members.










49er greek outfit = calistoga
[09 aug 2005|01:59pm]





shows:pelican/red sparowes - 8.11.05 - san francisco, ca - bottom of the hillinterpol - 9.14.05 - davis, ca - freeborn hallarcade fire/wolf parade - 9.18.05 - san francisco, ca - the warfieldbloc party - 9.21/22.05 - san francisco, ca - the warfieldmono - 9.23.05 - san francisco, ca - bottom of the hillm83 - 9.29.05 - san francisco, ca - mezzaninesigur ros - 10.01.05 - oakland, ca - paramount theaterclap your hands say yeah/the national - 10.05.05 - san fransisco, ca - mezzanineminus the bear/headphones - 10.16.05 - san francisco, ca - great american music halldeath cab for cutie/stars - 11.13.05 - san francisco, ca - the warfieldwho wants to join me?




7 comments|post comment










charlie and the chocolate factor e
[19 jul 2005|01:43pm]



i saw billy corgan with brian the other night.  was surprised by how many cute girls there were at the show.  i don't think i've been to a concert with so much love for the artist.  crazy enthusiasm.i brought up how i know some guys who peed on their friend's crotch when he passed out on a couch to make him think he had wet himself, but i thought up an idea one step further: taking a shit in his boxers!albums of 2005 (so far)imogen heap - speak for yourselfthe chap - hamyouth pictures of florence henderson - unnoticeable in a tiny town, invisible in the citya silver mt. zion - horses in the skyarchitecture in helsinki - in case we diebilly corgan - the future embracethe bravery - stbloc party - silent alarmcoldplay - x&yclap your hands say yeah - stcirca survive - juturnadredg - catch without armsdestroyalldreamers - a coeur léger sommeil sanglanteditors - the back roomengineers - stghinzu - blowgod is an astronaut - all is violent, all is brighthangedup - clatter for controlif then else - stjaga jazzist - what we mustkammerflimmer kollektief - absencenlongwave - there's a firelarsen - playthe most serene republic - underwater cinematographerminus the bear - menos el osomercury rev - the secret migrationm83 - before the dawn heals usthe mars volta - frances the mutemice parade - bem - vinda vontadeport-royal - flaresportastatic - bright ideaspelican - march into the sea epredjetson - new general cataloguethe russian futurists - our thicknessthe rocket summer - hello good friendsred sparowes - at the soundless dawnrockethouse - weapons of mass distortionsupersystem - always never againstrange - things in nightstatistics - often liesay hi to your mom - ferocious mopesstoryboard - stshipping news - flies the fieldsteam sleep - stticonderoga - stthunderbirds are now! - justamustacheunited state of electronica - u.s.evenetan snares - rossz csillag allat szuletettwilderness - stwhat made milwaukee famous - trying to never catch upwow, that's 50 albums.  haha, and to think....that's less than 10% of the new albums i've listened to so far this year.




13 comments|post comment










mama miata
[14 jul 2005|08:28pm]



jerome.my twin sister."authentic" asian jerome.manga jerome.old man holeyman.last night, at the club i went to (starlight), the dude who plays stiffler was there!he was drunk, running around the dance floor humping every girl's leg, and taking pictures with everyone's camera-phone.  fun times.i started a journal devoted to my music tastes: charlatantric  add it to your friends if you want a new, perfectly-honed song to add to your collection on a daily basis.




7 comments|post comment










salvador golly
[01 jul 2005|10:27am]



one step closer to a reality?after flirting with the idea of moving to hawaii, it seems the reality isn't that far-fetched.  my friend, luna, and i had already made some pseudo-pact that we'd move to hawaii together.  she also happens to work for hollister, so it was a surprise when we ran into one another at a large-scale a&f meeting in downtown sf.  then there's james, my store manager, who, boggled by the stress he's going through here in sf, turned to me one day and mused, "let's move to hawaii."  i took it in stride until i watched him ask our district manager to put in a bid for him to transfer to ala moana (a&f's 2nd biggest flagship store, located on the island of oahu).  he's still very adamant about me coming with him, and he's really my best option for moving up in this business.  to work at ala moana is the holy grail of a&f, and james is my foot in the door.  i probably have until september to scramble.  i'll keep y'all updated.p.s. it feels good to fire people.  not in a sadistic way, but in a "good riddance" sense.




5 comments|post comment










nicotene girl squad
[18 jun 2005|01:14am]



after realizing one my principle motivations for moving to the city was the abundance of concert venues, i decided to forgo my previous intolerance for attending events alone and saddled up to catch longwave perform at cafe du nord.  it was very invigorating and made me regret having missed out on the arcade fire, bloc party, the music, minus the bear, and m83 earlier this year for the same reason.dude got sweaty by the end of their set.despite going solo, i was actually recognized by this one girl from--where else?--livejournal!  what i need to do is make some musically-like-minded friends in sf.  as you can imagine, a&f coworkers and indie music is as much a winning combination as keanu reeves and acting lessons.  hmmm, there is this one girl at the bank where i make our morning's deposit....on that note, i should point out today was my first day off in about three weeks.  over 200 hours logged in over the last 19 days.  75-hour work weeks.  i just don't have time for anything else anymore.  i'm too focused on work to give a damn about girls, music, or much anything else.  for the fans of my journal, this can mean only one thing....more stories!i'm still reeling from my day of mass exodulaziness, so i'll just do one for now.this group of high school kids kept huddling up into a circle around several parts of the store, rousing my suspicion.  i kept an eye on them, and one of the girls, your typical, nerdy asian type, made a bee-line for one of the fitting rooms.  i intercepted her and asked how many items she had....her: 4.me: *counting them out in my hands* ....1....2....3....4....--5--6!  oh really, only 4?her: i must have miscounted.me: uh-huh.  go ahead inside.30 minutes later--much longer than it should take anyone to try on a few topsher: *walks out of room, clothes in arms*me: oh, i can take the clothes you don't want off your hands.her: it's ok, i'll hold on to them all.i made sure to keep an eye on her while i was continuing my duties, and off she went to place a denim skirt back on the rack.  i immediately walked over, grabbed the skirt, felt around, and found a ripped sensor in the back pocket.  i felt my face burn up and turned around to see the group of friends all huddled up in the middle of the store once again.  ripped sensor in hand, i grabbed one of my coworkers, anna, and stood with her right next to the circle jerk.  i bellowed and gestured dramatically, "hey anna, would you believe i found this sensor in the back pocket of a denim skirt?"  the group of kids stood frozen.  the girl from the fitting room was holding this cammy top, and i noticed a small hole in the side where a sensor should have been.  i snatched it from her hands....me: oh, were you planning on purchasing this item?girl: (deftly scared) oh, yes.me: well, i'm afraid i can't sell it in its current condition.  you see, i have to damage it out because of this hole right here.girl: oh, it's ok....me: i also noticed you tried on a denim skirt and placed it back on the rack.  well, i found this sensor in the back pocket, so maybe it impeded your ability to wear it well.  might i suggest you try on another pair?girl: oh, no, it's ok.me: alright, well since you'd like to purchase this cammy top, let me grab a new one off the racks that we can sell to you.she and her friends, a look of death on their faces, scrambled through their wallets and purses to put together enough cash to buy the top.oh, but it doesn't end there.when i rang her up, i must have accidentally left the sensor on, because when she and her friends walked out the entrance, the alarm went off, giving them one extra shock for good measure.a week later, one of the kids from the group walked in, saw me wink at him, and walked straight back out.




8 comments|post comment










skeet skeet skeet shooting
[01 jun 2005|01:12pm]





so i finally pulled it off: a 15-hour shift. 8 am to 11 pm.  i literally need to get a life.  i should burrow a hole in the back of the stockroom and live with a pillow, candle, and scraps of bread.last week, i came in to work and saw this bombshell walk in.  when i say "bombshell," i mean quite possibly the hottest girl i've seen in a long time.  there was something about her though, something eerily familiar.  i got right into recruit-mode and approached her to see if she wanted a job with a&f.  she was pretty snobby and unfriendly and scoffed at the idea of working for us.  my segue out of these awkward situations is to introduce myself and let them know they can ask me for help with anything.  she introduced herself as jamie, we shook hands, and i walked away saying her name under my breath until it finally dawned on me why she looked so familiar....it was jamie from the real world!that picture doesn't do her justice.  she was definitely fuckin smokin.  i didn't get a chance to talk with her again, but i'm gonna try to make something happen the next time i run into her.  the fact that she was so bitchy adds to her hotness.  for as massive as sf is, there's really a drought of hot people.  i need to meet more jamies.we have a myspace group for all the employees at our store.~straight from the pages of the jerome school of absurdist comedy~jake: hey jerome, what are you doing tonight?jerome: *pretends to lob a ball in the air, freezes in position*jake: .....  .......  ......  what's that suppossed to mean?jerome: it's still up in the air!thank you, i'll be here all night, folks!!




8 comments|post comment










burlapdance
[24 may 2005|12:09am]





my sheer idiocy seems to be rubbing off on people at work.  observe....for the uninitiated, a "dork" is another name for a whale's penis.at work this morning, i showed off my impersonation of a dork, and it turned out to be quite the crowd pleaser.  i stood firm with my arms ready at my sides, swaying about in small, concentric circles, mimicing sonic whale noises.  "hey, even shamu needs some lovin!"  i doubt half the people reading this who don't know me in real life realize how silly i am.oh, i might decide to up-and-move to hawaii by year's end, should i get bored with my current predicament.  i've already found my potential future roommate, luna, this girl i know from davis who's at the same crossroad in life as i am.a couple entries down, you may recall my story about the "cyber-warrior"....well, it seems god agreed with her, and all of our drinking shirts have been recalled due to their influence on underage drinking.  because this scenario is all too everpresent....girl 1: hmmm, i don't know what i'm going to do tonight.girl 2: we should study.girl 1: *sees shirt that reads, "sotally tober"* ohh my goodd! i tink i just got ganag-rapedddddd!girl 2: you whore! *vomits, gets hung over*still learning new things about myself everyday: at work, my communication style has been described as "intense."  which is a good thing.  apparently, not only am i a close talker, but i'm also a loud talker.  and because i have rather interesting things to say, i'm quite engaging.  top hats to thee~!prediction: the upcoming appleseed cast album is going to blast some people off the face of the earth.




7 comments|post comment










navigation





[
viewing
|
most recent entries
]


[
go
|
earlier
]






































