




martin's marina and pier ii campground – cape vincent ny



















































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footer


28491 county rd 6, cape vincent, ny 13618 | (315) 654-3104 | martinsmarinainc@gmail.com


facebook
facebook



martin's marina and pier ii campground - cape vincent nymenuinventory
lund

build your boat
virtual showroom
download digital catalog
promotions


shoremaster

docks
lifts
accessories


mercury/mercruiser

mercury outboard models
mercruiser sterndrives & inboards


services
campground
location
contact

sales department
parts & service departments
campground inquiry



during winter season – hours vary nov 22 – april 1 (please call 315-654-3104 for service or to schedule a visit)


welcome to martin’s marina& pier ii campground in cape vincent ny!
family owned since 1969
welcome to majestic lake ontario! martin’s marina is your destination for water recreation, fishing and camping. we have all the amenities you need for an exciting vacation or a relaxing day trip! we carry new and used boats and have acres of beautiful shoreline and inland campground sites for campers of all sizes. we offer 70 floating slips available for weekly, monthly or seasonal rentals.we’ll see you out on the water!

view our inventory

















why choose lund?
f.i.s.h. stands for the four premium attributes found on all lund boats. from the attention to detail of our fit and finish to the precise performance of the ips hull, to optimized storage for tackle and gear and maximized high resale value, every lund packs in the features that have kept anglers and families coming back for more than seven decades.








build your own boat
virtual showroom
promotions













ready for a repower?
replacing an old outboard can deliver improved performance, increased fuel economy and better handing for a more enjoyable boating experience.
we also sell and service mercury® mercruiser® inboards and sterndrives.
mercury® mercruiser® can power it better than anyone else. our extensive range of sterndrive, inboard and tow sport engines is the most comprehensive lineup in the industry, all engineered to provide the best possible boating experience. the answer to your propulsion needs. mercury mercruiser.

explore mercury® outboards
explore mercruiser® inboards










superior strength & usability at the waterfront
shoremaster’s infinity dock and boat lift systems, featuring exclusive curve dock frames, provide the ultimate in configurability, performance, and customizability. 








explore dock systems
explore boat lifts
explore accessories










martin’s pier ii campgrounds
camp along the beautiful shores of lake ontario!






learn more













martin’s marina & campground 
28491 county rd 6cape vincent, ny 13618 
(315) 654-3104
martinsmarinainc@gmail.com


winter season:november 22 – april 1 by appointment only
summer season:april  1 – november 22 m-sat: 8:00am – 4:30pm  sun: closed






facebook



copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · martin’s marina & campground















