



	al habtoor group






































                 
            





العربية











































العربية




homethe group
about uschairman's profilechairman's messagenewslettertimelinedivisions
hospitalityautomotivevehicle leasingreal estateeducationpublishingleisure & entertainmentphilanthropyinvestments
insurancemedia
newsvideo galleryeea gallerycareers
employmentinternshipemiratizationdirectorycontact













homethe group
about usthe al habtoor group has grown with the united arab emirates. what started out as a small engineering firm in 1970, is today one of the region’s largest and most respected conglomerates with interests in the hospitality, automotive, car leasing, real estate, education, and publishing sectors.chairman's profilekhalaf ahmad al habtoor is a prominent and highly respected citizen of the united arab emirates. a self-made man, he’s chairman of the al habtoor group – one of the most successful conglomerates in the gulf.chairman's messagethe al habtoor group was founded at the time the united arab emirates became an independent nation. from modest beginnings, the group has matched the pace of growth of the uae.newsletterthe sawalef newsletter is the al habtoor group’s internal publication, reporting on the latest news and events across the company’s divisions.timelinethe al habtoor group has grown with the uae, and while best known for construction, it is globally recognised through its involvement in the hotel, automotive, real estate, education, insurance and publishing sectors. al habtoor group timeline.divisions
hospitalitythe al habtoor group has embarked on a rapid expansion plan its hotels division in recent years – spreading it wings within the uae and abroad.

this division takes great pride in the fact that, while a home-grown operation, the al habtoor group  competes on a global scale with the many international chains that are active throughout the region.

as the middle east's longest established hotel group, it has decades of experience, and has carved out a reputation for its exemplary service, and unique properties in the best locations.automotiveestablished in 1983, al habtoor motors is one of the leading automobile distributors in the uae, renowned for its association with global brands such as mitsubishi, jac motors, and a remarkable selection of high-end luxury cars, including bentley, bugatti, pagani, rimac, and czinger. the company has built an enviable reputation for delivering exceptional customer service and highly professional technical support. with a strong work ethic, its philosophy centers on the total commitment of its employees, who are recognized as its most valuable asset.vehicle leasingbuilding on the established reputation of the al habtoor group, and embracing the same commitment to quality and service, diamondlease is one of the largest car rental and leasing companies in the uae. formed in 1996 to address growing demand, diamondlease today provides a variety of outsourced transportation solutions to corporate and individual clients across the uae.real estatewith over four decades of experience in the real estate sector and a carefully developed and tended portfolio of properties, al habtoor real estate delivers an honest, total value package, with the emphasis on tenant care and a thorough understanding of client needs.educationemirates international schools (eis) has two schools - the first, jumeirah, opened in 1991 and the second, meadows, in 2005. eis was the first to offer the international baccalaureate diploma programme (ib) in dubai and international primary curriculum tuition in the uae.publishingthe al habtoor group’s publishing division produces one of the most respected corporate magazines in the middle east - al shindagah - which promotes the uae and other countries in the region. produced in english and arabic, the magazine has featured several high profile interviews with the likes of former us president jimmy carter, the right honourable baroness sayeeda warsi, and the right reverend lord harries of pentregarth, among others. leisure & entertainmentphilanthropyinvestments
insuranceone of the leading insurance companies in uae, dubai national insurance (dni), has been operating in dubai since 1991 with a branch in abu dhabi. they are a multiline insurer with products spanning across motor, medical, travel, home, pedal cycle and various other commercial insurances like group medical, group life, engineering, marine, property and liability. media
newsthe al habtoor group has grown with the uae, and it is globally recognised through its involvement in the hotel, automotive, real estate, education, insurance and publishing sectors.video galleryal habtoor group - video galleryeea galleryeea gallerycareers
employmentare you goal oriented, motivated and looking for a challenging career with the al habtoor group?internshipoffering a unique opportunity to gain valuable experience, the al habtoor group internship programme is designed to educate, mentor and motivate talented young people.emiratizationare you goal oriented, motivated and looking for a challenging career with the al habtoor group?directorycontact





















                    
                    the group
                




	the al habtoor group has grown with the united arab emirates. what started out as a small engineering firm in 1970, is today one of the region’s most respected conglomerates with interests in the hospitality, automotive, real estate, education and publishing sectors. the al habtoor group has earned itself a solid reputation both locally and internationally due to the vision of its chairman, khalaf ahmad al habtoor.

	the al habtoor group is one of the uae's most respected and successful businesses. today it operates in the uae and international markets. it employs thousands of highly-qualified, experienced professionals. just as the name of the uae has become synonymous with trade and enterprise all over the world, the name of the al habtoor group has become synonymous with dynamic growth, evidenced by its commitment to develop and grow businesses in multiple sectors.

	it proudly waves the united arab emirates flag in many cities around the globe including london, vienna, budapest, beirut and springfield, illinois.

	the group’s hospitality division includes 14 world-class hotels; seven locally and seven abroad. the portfolio includes:

dubai, united arab emirates


		al habtoor grand resort, autograph collection

		waldorf astoria dubai palm jumeirah

		al habtoor palace

		v hotel, curio collection by hilton

		hilton dubai al habtoor city

		metropolitan hotel dubai

		al habtoor polo resort


overseas


		imperial hotel, a luxury collection hotel, vienna (austria)

		hilton london wembley (united kingdom)

		al habtoor grand beirut (lebanon)

		metropolitan palace beirut (lebanon)

		president abraham lincoln springfield – a doubletree by hilton hotel (united states)

		intercontinental budapest (hungary)

		al habtoor palace, budapest (hungary)


	al habtoor motors' brand portfolio includes mitsubishi, offering a wide selection of sedans, 4x4s, and commercial vehicles, alongside well-known chinese brand jac, as well as premium marques such as bentley, bugatti, pagani, rimac, and czinger.

	the company has a well-established network of nine showrooms, nine service centres, four body shops and ten parts centres that effectively cover the entire uae. in 2015, al habtoor motors entered the saudi arabian market for the first time with mitsubishi fuso.

	al habtoor motors owns and operates the world’s first – and largest – iconic bentley motors showroom to be built in major cities around the world. the state-of-the-art showroom is located in a prime location on sheikh zayed road, with built-up area of 76,000 square feet. it consists of three basement floors designated for parking, in addition to three floors of customer area displaying over 70 vehicles, offices, boutiques, mulliner lounge, a vip majlis and other related required services. adding to its unique design, over 200 thousand led lights illuminate the outer façade.

	diamondlease specialises in short-term and long-term leasing of popular brands ranging from small to mid-sized saloons to pick-up trucks and buses.

	the group’s real estate division offers a diverse array of commercial and residential properties, from office spaces to luxury villas. notable developments include the iconic al habtoor tower in al habtoor city and the residences at al habtoor grand on jumeirah beach, both currently under development.

	al habtoor real estate is offerings al habtoor city’s residence collection, an upscale lifestyle destination that embodies exclusivity and style. this collection features three residential towers, comprising deluxe apartments, lofts, and penthouses ranging from 1 to 7 bedrooms, all situated within a vibrant neighborhood. residents will enjoy access to exceptional amenities, including the largest swimming pool podium in the uae, a state-of-the-art gym, a luxury spa, and signature restaurants, all beautifully positioned along the banks of the dubai water canal. additionally, they will benefit from the convenience of three five-star hotels right at their doorstep.

	the al habtoor group has long been a pioneer in the field of education, it operates two well-established schools offering quality education from kg1 to grade 13. emirates international school – jumeirah and emirates international school – the meadows are accredited ib world schools.

	the group’s publishing arm regularly produces quality publications including al shindagah magazine, a bilingual corporate magazine, which has been in circulation since1993.
	 








al habtoor group news







05-feb-2025


al habtoor group unveils al habtoor palace budapest: a new era of luxury...


news






04-feb-2025


al habtoor group honours winner of the general draw for the uae...


news








social media feed




 








latest video





corporate video













back to top
























                         
                        



homethe groupdivisionsleisure & entertainmentphilanthropyinvestmentsmediacareersdirectorycontact


copyright © 2025 al habtoor group llc. all rights reserved.
                    | 
        legal |
        sitemap
 | cookie preferences

























