







kentucky propane gas association







































































































            about
          

            thomas b. bright jr. memorial scholarship
          

            npga scholarship
          

            newsroom
          

            advocacy
          

            contact
          

            join
          




















































aboutthomas b. bright jr. memorial scholarshipnpga scholarshipnewsroomadvocacycontactjoin


















scroll








kentucky propane gas association

 









kpga scholarship opportunity

 









 

thomas b. bright, jr. memorial scholarshipthe thomas b. bright, jr. memorial scholarship application is available online and accepting applications. the application submission deadline is march 7, 2025, by 11:59 pm (eastern time). interested applicants can visit the blue grass community foundation website (click here) for information about the scholarship and access the scholarship portal to apply. there are video tutorials for applicants, as well as frequently asked questions on the scholarship webpage.  after registering with the bgcf scholarship portal, all students will start the application process by using the blue grass community foundation eligibility form– 2025.  as indicated in the instructions within the application, students will fill out the initial application and then automatically be matched with the scholarships for which they are eligible.  below is a description and the criteria for the scholarship:  the thomas b. bright, jr., memorial scholarship was established in memory of thomas b. bright jr., former president of kentucky propane gas association. the scholarship provides an award of $1,500 to high school seniors or current undergraduate students who are employees or relatives of employees of companies belonging to the kentucky propane gas association. former recipients are eligible to re-apply.applicant qualifications required for this scholarship:must be a high school senior or undergraduate student who is employed by or is a relative of an employee of companies that belong to the kentucky propane and gas associationformer recipients of the bright scholarship are eligible to apply








npga scholarship opportunity 











  

national propane gas foundation scholarshipsthe national propane gas foundation scholarship fund (npgf/sf) is excited to kick off the 2025 scholarship program on december 15. children of employees of npga member companies, state propane associations, or perc are eligible to apply. applicants may be pursuing any course of study at two- and four-year colleges or technical, trade, or vocational schools. students pursuing propane-related careers are especially encouraged to apply.every year, the npgf/sf awards $1,000 and $2,000 scholarships to 100+ students. since 1994, the npgf scholarship fund has awarded more than $2 million to 1400+ children of npga member company employees!key dates:december 15 – application window opensfebruary 15 – application closes learn more about this opportunity on npga’s website including important faqs, read about past scholarship recipients, and see a list of the generous donors who make this program possible. apply here starting on december 15.questions?  contact us at scholarship@npga.org 

  
























 









 


























home top



thomas b. bright jr. memorial scholarship (copy)



npga scholarship (copy)



ads



home footer cta












kentucky propane gas association
340 democrat drive,
frankfort, ky, 40601,
united states
502-875-2686


hours
mon 8:30am to 5pm
tue 8:30am to 5pm
wed 8:30am to 5pm
thu 8:30am to 5pm
fri 8:30am to 5pm


 








