















mpakatrina







































































mpakatrina






























































































monday, august 4, 2014








efficient! effective! exceed! 










donor database management for nonprofits









nonprofits exist to fill a critical need in
society. however, in order for nonprofits to be effective, they must have the
resources to make a difference. one of the most important resources to a
nonprofit is money. nonprofits generate funds from the local and national
community. nonprofits are expected to maintain accurate records of all
donations received – whether fro individuals, corporations, or foundations.
nonprofits should have historical data that dates back to its earliest years in
addition to current data with donors’ most recent contact information and
giving history. in the digital age, keeping this information strictly in file
cabinets is ineffective and inefficient. 








to be the most effective and responsive to donors
and in order to maintain accuracy, nonprofits need to move to a digital
database. exceed! premier is one such database that allows not only for the
aforementioned tasks to take place, but so much more. it allows pledge
tracking, email integration, and report extraction. exceed! premier is a
nonprofit’s dream come true and solution to so many donor relation issues. as
the name hints, if a nonprofit desires to be the premier organization, it needs
to obtain exceed!


 learn more and purchase exceed! premier today.  






posted by

katrina



at

11:57 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, july 14, 2014







maximizing giving through technology








maximizing giving through technology



         the
foundation of raising funds is building relationships, communicating a message,
and effectively meeting a community need. successful fundraisers know they must
build rapport with potential and current donors, a task that is usually
accomplished through one-on-one communication such as facility tours, lunches,
phone calls, and direct mail pieces. today, another crucial component of
fundraising is a nonprofit’s digital presence and capabilities to accept
donations through technology. in 96 pages, fundraising guru richard c.
mcpherson tackles digital giving: how
technology is changing charity (isbn: 978-0-595-44255-3). written in 2007 and published by
iuniverse, digital giving  explores the impact technology has on charitable giving.

            the
purpose of digital giving is to
education nonprofit organizations and their leaders on the power of using
technology to engage donors and further the mission of the organization. the
book is directed toward nonprofit organizations, however the information within
it is relevant to anyone who wishes to make an impact in their community.
filled with interviews of nonprofit leaders who’ve successfully incorporated
technology as a means to connect with donors and for donors to connect with
them, digital giving provides a wide
breadth of knowledge and perspective. it takes readers on a journey that
discusses web 2.o, blogging, google, social networks, corporate philanthropy,
navigating websites, giving through cell phones, and merging online
communication with traditional paper or postal mail. in keeping with the
purpose and topics discussed, the theme of digital
giving is to discuss and “remove obstacles” for readers to understand “big technology
trends affecting charity, and how organizations embrace them to increase public
support” (vii). 

            in
one example, mcpherson talks about the positive results of merging a digital
email campaign with a traditional direct mail campaign. according to a study,
“email produces more-informed donors who give generally larger contributions on
average than those who do not receive e-mail” (76). and, the most effective
emails are those that are received following a direct mail campaign. today,
just sending mail is not effective, but neither is just sending an email,
especially given the vast amount of spam mail individuals receive. combining
the e-mail with a social network experience, that allows donors to create and
respond to content (35). 

            with
the rapidly changing scope of technology, much of digital giving’s content is basic in today’s world, although it was
most likely revolutionary when it was published seven years ago.  it’s accuracy and objectiveness and
frequent reference of successful engagement of technology to raise funds makes
it a very relevant book for nonprofits and for this course. however, due to the
outdated content, a second volume of this book that references today’s
technology trends and future trends, would be even more useful. for instance,
mcpherson spends much time referencing myspace, and barely mentions facebook,
which is the leading social networking site for today. although the tool he
references is no longer relevant, the information he provides about social
network engagement is. for instance, he says that “technology does best when it
is integrated into the continuing relationship between an organization and its
supporters, and when it fits donors’ lifestyles (63). the key to technology is
that it’s not to create a challenge for donors, but to create an easy way for
donors to find out more about an organization while they are engaged in
routine, common tasks. for instance, having a delightful photo appear in an
individuals’ facebook newsfeed helps potential and current donors click on it
and learn more about the nonprofit while doing a regular task – checking status
updates of their friends. one of the most obvious ways this book relates to the
course textbook information: a very short
introduction  is that the cover
features  a picture of ben franklin
imposed with binary data. binary data, as discussed in the information book, is how computers code information. furthermore, information discusses the ecological
impact of technology, which is also addressed by digital giving as it compares and contrasts traditional forms of
communication and its cost and environmental impact verses digital
communication. 

            despite
the assertion that content in this book is basic, it is not widely implemented
across the nonprofit sector. mcpherson asserts this is because nonprofits often
have departmental silos where the person implementing technology is not also
the person involved in donor relations (77). this explains why several
nonprofits, including the one for which i work have combined the responsibilities
of the fund development and communications director. furthermore, mcpherson
mentions that many nonprofits retroactively use web tools and do not make them
a main practice. often, nonprofits run “tests” of the effectiveness of
technology but don’t put the effort into creating success, resulting in low
results of tech use among donors. nonprofits must begin dedicating time and
having a dedicated person to technology as a donor engagement tool.  

in the book, mcpherson asserts that “cell phones will very soon replace
other things you carry for getting information and making transactions” (65).
this relates to nonprofits because nonprofit websites need to have the
capability to have websites that are phone-friendly. with the onset of smart,
internet-capable phones, websites initially had mobile-friendly websites,
generally proceeded by the lowercase letter “m” before the rest of their
website name. now, instead of having mobile-friendly websites, many websites
have a distinct, mobile version designed for easy navigation on phones. plus,
text-to-give campaigns have become wildly popular, especially when raising
support for national disasters. 

            technology
is helping nonprofits become more efficient, especially as it relates to
communicating to donors and garnering support. technology allows nonprofits to
not only reach people in their direct community, but also to promote their
cause and raise support worldwide. technology is changing the landscape for the
better, as it allows donors to give instantly and learn even more about their
nonprofit of choice. the key to successfully incorporating technology into
fundraising campaigns can be summarized by the words mcpherson uses to close
the book, “make the most of [technology] for your cause” (96). technology helps
nonprofits communicate their message, share success stories, and garner support
in an engaging, cost-effective manner. technology provides a powerful
opportunity for nonprofits to further their reach, enhance engagement, and
diversify funding support.





posted by

katrina



at

5:04 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, june 23, 2014







connected by climate








connected by climate

                  in
a vast machine: computer models, climate
data, and the politics of global warming1,
paul edwards tackles the topic of global knowledge using the climate as his
example. he begins by using the common phrase, “think globally, act locally”
(edwards 1). by this, edwards means that our local actions impact the world and
what’s happening around the world impacts us locally, in other words we are an
“interconnected whole” (1).  to
provide an example, edward uses climate to address the complex task of identifying
and sharing knowledge. it is fitting that he chooses “climate” to talk about
people being connected since, according to the oxford dictionary online1, climate’s suffix “mate” can be defined as a as a noun that means, “a fellow member or joint occupant of a
specified thing” and as a verb that
means, “connect or be connected
mechanically.”  furthermore, as
edwards says toward the end of the first chapter, the weather data network “is
arguably the oldest of all systems for producing globalist information” (edwards
24). climate is a great example to use because its suffix not only means
connection, but the study of it is one of the first world-wide attempts to form
unified knowledge.

            as
edwards discusses, knowledge formation does not begin with communicating
information. knowledge begins with assembling data, which includes knowing how
to identify data and also having tools to accurately capture and assess that
data. in the case of climate, each country uses different measurements, the
tools they use change over time, and even where the data is connected changes.
all this results in differences from data collected 150 years ago and even data
collected 20 years ago (6).  this
is where the concept of a “vast machine” is introduced. a vast machine is “a
sociotechnical system that collects data, models physical processes, tests
theories, and ultimately generates a widely shared understanding” (8).  data and observations must be
transformed into widely accepted knowledge which includes the political
process, transmission of information via the media, and even an understanding
of what counts as data. 

                  since
we’ve mentioned that data varies, it is important to have “reanalysis,” which
is a technique that helps standardize data previously collected, even when
collected at different times by different methods. there is also the concept of
“gateways” which “can join previously incompatible systems” (10). in the case
of climate, this allows weather systems to interact with the ocean monitoring
systems, seismographs, and more.  “knowledge
infrastructures comprise robust networks of people, artifacts, and institutions
that generate, share, and maintain specific knowledge about the human and
natural worlds” (17).  these
knowledge infrastructures are sociotechnical because people don’t just add
facts. they must assimilate the facts they have, which is akin to the basics of
scientific knowledge. to do so, the information presented must be consistent
with other things people know. plus, the new information must be accepted
within a community and the person providing the information must have trust and
authority. scientific knowledge is therefore communicated through many
infrastructures and institutions including universities, libraries, and
laboratories.  “the infrastructure
is a production, communication, storage and maintenance web with both social
and technical dimensions” (18). infrastructures are largely invisible until
they no longer work. for instance, one may not pay attention to the
infrastructure of roads, highways, and traffic lights until the traffic lights
don’t work and as a result, traffic no longer flows smoothly and the number of
accidents increase. 

            globalist
information occurs when the knowledge transcends into a political contect and
nations begin working together to create change. “it may be driven by believes
about what knowledge can offer to science or society” (25) and creates a
world-wide infrastructure of knowledge formation and transmission. with
countless examples related to climate, capturing and analyzing climate data,
and organizations that study climate, a
vast machine explains how knowledge is formed and how it is then
communicated, not just locally, but globally, influencing people everywhere. 



2oxford
dictionary. oxford university press. accessed at
http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/mate



1edwards,
paul. a vast machine: computer models,
climate data, and the politics of global warming. mit press: 2010. 





posted by

katrina



at

4:59 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, june 9, 2014







simon says and computers: information is not intelligence







simon says and
computers: information is not intelligence


computers can only do what you tell
them, making computers akin to participants in the popular children’s game
“simon says.” in the children’s game, one person plays the role of simon and commands
participants to perform certain actions beginning with the phrase, “simon says.”

participants can only do what simon commands. similarly, with computers,
the programmer is “simon” and a computer’s response is limited to its
understanding of what it is being instructed to do. computers are not able to
act outside of this realm, so the commands (programming) initially received are
critical to computers output, functionality, and effectiveness. 


in “the stupidity of computers,”
david auerbach1  explores the intelligence of computers. filled with numerous
examples, this article takes readers on a journey of computer output. it begins
by discussing how programmers input information so that a computer can
understand and respond to queries. it then evolves into conversations about
search engines, language and ontology, and popular information-generating and
information-gathering websites. finally, it concludes with greater implications
of how computers impact government, social structure, and individuals’ identification
and categorization of themselves and others. ultimately, this article sheds
light on the limitations of computer intelligence and the growing dominance of
computer intelligence on human life. 


through a series of examples,
auerbach explains the growth of computer intelligence. for instance, a simple
sentence such as “highlight japan on a map” requires a set of commands that
could be as long as a paragraph. the computer can respond to this request only
if the programmer properly input the necessary commands and also provided a map
and a highlight feature.  computer
instructions must be precise and language matters. ambiguous language brings
about confusion and in searches, can bring about undesired result.  initial search engines could only search for what
an individual input and could not extract similar information. for instance, if
an individual did a search for “outdoor parks in alabama,” original search
engines would only be able to generate search results that contained the four
words in the original search. the search results would not generate responses
that referenced “ruffner mountain in birmingham” because this last phrase does
not include any of the key words although ruffner mountain is an outdoor park
in alabama. this example shows that computers can only respond to the
information given them, whereas a human would be able to respond with ruffner
mountain if they were asked about outdoor parks. this inability to interpret or
extrapolate answers challenged the effectiveness of internet searches, a
problem that was solved by the search engine google.


eventually, google found a solution
by “using the topology of the web as
opposed to its meaning.” google began paying attention to which pages were
linked together – in other words, they must have a connection to one another.  this helped provide more relevant results.
that way, if someone types in “outdoor parks in alabama,” anything that
classifies itself as such would pop up. in addition, an individual might even
see advertisements for products relevant to being in the outdoors such as an ad
for mountain high outfitters, a store that provides outdoor gear. today, google
not only provides more relevant results, but it will also try to “predict” what
you are searching for by creating a drop down menu of choices as you input
letters and words in the search bar. for instance, by simply typing the letter
“a” in my google search bar, the following pop up “amazon, alabama power, aol,
and alagasco.” when i type in the entire word i’m looking for “atlanta,” google
populates the dropdown menu with “atlanta braves, atlanta, atlanta airport, and
atlanta braves schedule.” these are the most popular searches individuals are
currently looking for when they type “atlanta” into google.  google is able to return desirable responses
because of how its programmers have set it up to recognize information and its
relationship to other information and also because of metadata categorization. individuals
can aid how online information is categorized and the frequency in which it is
returned in search results by providing “key words” that are often used in
searches. on twitter, the key words are proceeded by a hash tag symbol. 


the latter half of the essay focuses on the importance of ontology, or
assigning recognizable categories to metadata. this results in comparing and
contrasting the effectiveness of several popular internet giants such as ask
(formerly ask jeeves), yahoo, wikipedia, amazon, facebook, twitter, and more.
due to the massive amount of information online, the web is faced with the challenge
of categorizing information. amazon successfully does this by categorizing
information in well-accepted categories such as “books, household appliances,
toys.” facebook successfully does this by having individuals select the
categories to which they belong – people can input their religious group,
college, favorite bands, favorite tv shows, favorite politicians, and more.
these categories or ontology used by amazon and facebook create methods in
which to group and analyze people. auerbach cautions that these categories are
limited to human’s determination of categories and that computers cannot
automatically generate the categories.  auerbach also cautions that the government and
other places are making connections and conclusions between what people have
liked. however, “the sheer number of uncontrolled variables at work makes it
dangerous to take any of these conclusions at face value.” 


other internet-based examples of
the role internet has in shaping how we receive information include blogs,
linkedin and ning. linkedin.com uses the slogan, “world’s largest professional
network” and is essentially a place for individuals to house their professional
and academic accomplishments online. people can link/connect/network with other
individuals by searching individuals by profession, college, geographic
location, skills and more. in an attempt to help individuals find other
individuals relevant to them, linkedin also features “individuals who looked at
this profile also looked at” and provides a list of other individuals
frequently searched for tangentially with the person currently on their screen.
ning.com has the slogan “build and cultivate your own community.”
unlike the other social media websites that connect people who have mutual
connections, ning.com connections are limited to those within that particular
ning group. on ning, one would be a part of multiple ning groups that don’t
intersect, which is unlike other social media. the information contained on
these websites and other websites are being used to create categories,
correlations, and connections of people and items that would otherwise not be
connected.


although this article does not go
in-depth into any one subject that it mentions, it provides a comprehensive
overview of the limitations and implications of computers continual integration
in society.  the greater implications of
this article are that computers and the internet are only as smart as the
information and algorithms initially input into them. computers and the
internet are not able to think for themselves and are therefore just an
advanced version of the children’s game simon says. computers can only do what
they are told although they are very good at responding and providing
information, as long as they have access to the information requested. information
should not be confused with the higher calling of intelligence. computers can help
humans synthesize and analyze information. computers cannot replace or create
human intelligence.  

 

 


1 auerbach, david. “the stupidity of computers.” machine
politics: issue 13, winter 2012. https://nplusonemag.com/issue-13/essays/stupidity-of-computers/.
 





posted by

katrina



at

11:53 am











email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
amazon,
artificial intelligence,
computer,
facebook,
google,
information,
linkedin,
metadata,
mpa,
ontology,
programming,
technology












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)
















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(4)





        ▼ 
      



august

(1)

efficient! effective! exceed!








        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(2)

















































ethereal theme. powered by blogger.
























