









home page | corporate research project








      skip to main content
    















search
search













primary links


home


guide to corporate research


violation tracker


corporate rap sheets


dirt diggers digest









 








the corporate research project assists community, environmental and labor organizations in researching companies and industries. our focus is on identifying information that can be used to advance corporate accountability campaigns.
we play this role by:

producing unique research tools
carrying out research projects, especially corporate and industry dossiers, for activist organizations and
training activists in corporate research techniques.

 
our research tools include:

violation tracker, the first wide-ranging database on corporate misconduct in the united states
violation tracker uk, a similar database covering the united kingdom
reports analyzing violation tracker data
corporate rap sheets, detailed dossiers on some of the worst corporate actors.
guide to strategic corporate research, an exhaustive guide to online sources.
dirt diggers digest, a weekly blog on corporate misconduct and how to research it.

 
the corporate research project is an affiliate of good jobs first, which researches and promotes accountability standards for economic development subsidies given to corporations by state and local governments.
if your organization needs corporate research help, please contact us.
philip mattera
director
corporate research project of good jobs first
pmattera@goodjobsfirst.org








violation tracker
a database on corporate misconduct from the corporate research project of good jobs first.
search the database here »



latest from dirt diggers


a boon for briberyfebruary 13, 2025the new trump administration has eliminated another significant form of corporate oversight through an executive order suspending enforcement of the… read more...
putting military families at riskfebruary 6, 2025i don’t recall donald trump saying during the presidential campaign that he planned to make his supporters helpless against predatory lenders and… read more...





guide to corporate research
you don't need to be an expert to do critical corporate research. see our online guide to find the best sources.



subsidy tracker
the first national compilation of company-specific information on economic development subsidy awards and other forms of government assistance to business. search the database here.




the corporate research project is affiliated with good jobs first, a resource center on economic development accountability.










home |
sitemap |
good jobs first



















