top 100 things to do in sydney - the best attractions, activities, festivals and events in sydney        skip to content 
 top 100 things to do in sydney the best attractions, activities, festivals and events in sydney
 
skip to content	home
top 5
top 10
top 20
top 30
top 40
top 50
top 60
top 80
top 100
top 120
top 140
events
events in january
events in february
events in march
events in april
events in may
events in june
events in july
events in august
events in september
events in october
events in november
events in december

festivals
mardi gras
sydney festival
sydney film festival
vivid sydney festival

places
blue mountains
bondi beach
canberra
city of sydney
manly
parks & wildlife
sydney harbour

holidays
public holidays
anzac day
australia day
christmas
easter
june long weekend
october long weekend

school holidays
school holidays
spring holidays
summer holidays
winter holidays
autumn holidays

celebrations
christmas
new year’s eve
valentine’s day
good friday
easter
mother’s day
father’s day

things to do in march
april
and may
summer top 10


search for:


search



 

 

 

 

harbour bridgethe sydney harbour bridge is a breathtaking sight bringing the north and south together with its graceful arch.blue mountainsthe beautiful blue mountains are just an hour away from sydney. it is amazing that this wilderness exists so close to a city as big as sydney.sydney's koalasthere are several national parks, zoos and reserves in sydney where you can experience australia's wildlife.observatory hillthe city of sydney has many green places where you can relax and soak up the amazing views.northern beachesjust north of sydney lies the picturesque northern beaches or "god’s country" as the locals call it. one city, so many wonderful places, we must be blessed.top 100 things to do in sydneymust things to do
the top 100 things to do in sydney lists the best attractions along with all the festivals and events worth going to. we also throw in a few travel tips and local advice. the first thing most people want to see is the harbour bridge and opera house.  once that's done what then? click on link below to find out.
must things to do in sydneyfun, romantic and free!
there are many fun, free and romantic things you can do in sydney. so how do you decide which ones to do? below you'll find the best attractions, activities, festivals and events. click "read more" on the ones you like the look of for more information.
sydney harbour 



if you hitch a ride on a ferry or cruise you get see sydney at her best. anytime on sydney harbour is time well spent but if you are fortunate enough to witness the sunrise or sunset then you are in for a treat.
read more  
shelly beach (manly) 



a trip to manly's shelly beach on the manly ferry is a fantastic way to spend the day and one of the top things to do for visitors and locals alike.
read more  
bondi beach 



even if you're not the beach going type it's hard to resist a trip to see one of the most famous beaches on the planet.
read more  
whale watching 



come to sydney to see the whales or have the whales come to see us? this is a wonderful combination of nature’s majestic giants from sydney’s majestic shores. unforgettable.
read more  
school holidays 



what to do during the school holidays with the kids.
read more  
sydney harbour bridge 



the sydney harbour bridge will not disappoint you no matter how you experience it. if you choose to climb it you may never forget it and it is a lot easier than it might first appear.
read more  
blue mountains 



it is possible to experience the blue mountains in a single day. but it is well worth spending at least one night there if you can.
read more  
best views of sydney 



a scenic flight over the harbour will give you unbeatable views of this amazing city.
read more  
palm beach 



palm beach is just awesome. you'll find it ranked 8th.
read more  
ski in australia 



skiing in australia has its own unique appeal. the ski fields are just an easy 5 hour drive from sydney.
read more  
cinema in sydney 



best places to go to the movies
read more  
free things to do 



government house is a brief walk away from the sydney opera house. it is one of the many free things to do in australia's greatest city.
read more  
hawkesbury river 



just north of sydney is a place of outstanding beauty not to be missed.
read more  
christmas in sydney 



great time to be in sydney.
read more  
what if it rains!! 



things to do in the rain in sydney.
read more  what's on this month?
just follow one of these links for what's on this month including sydney's top events and festivals.
jan - feb - march - april - may - june - july - aug - sept - oct - nov - dec
what to do in sydney
spend your time on the best sydney has to offer. you may be surprised to discover that many of the top things to do are also free.
independent and unbiased
sydney100 is only independent guide to the most beautiful city in australia. the rankings on this site can’t be paid for or inflated by biased reviews. make the most of your time and experience the best of sydney.
local experience
we hope you enjoy sydney and benefit from local knowledge. if you disagree with anything on this site or have a comment to make please let us know. if you subscribe to the sydney100 newsletter you can reply with your own suggestions and ideas!
readers' comments
"love this site. you guys do an excellent job and i love your humour! you have a great site and i only wish i knew about it sooner". sue
"you do a great job and your site is a huge help for visitors... i just wish you had a print-friendly option". gillian
[there is - australia's best travel guide!]
"this site is 'fabbo' - a real "one stop shop" for great ideas... i use it to death when we have visitors."
testimonials
more comments can be found on the testimonials page.
let us know if you like us, don't like us or are passionately indifferent. :) also thanks go to john martin for use of his art work, visit johnmartinart.wordpress.com for more.
best of sydneybest places to stay sydney's top 100





home
newsletter
travel guide
free things to do
romance & adventure
where to stay
ski
what if it rains?
snakes, sharks & spiders
reptile park
transport
car hire
sightseeing
zoo
cinema
sydney to brisbane
harbour cruises
weather
faq
contact
sitemap
before you leave
privacy policy


search for:


search
 
powered by tempera &  wordpress.	
        