




troopmcampcadet


























































skip to content












view website menu





homecamp lifeaboutdonationsboardcontact






























 



life skills learned through participation 



shaping tomorrow's leaders 






register now















2024 troop m camp cadet 



 registration will begin on feb. 1, 2025 for the 2025 camp cadet. 



dates:  june 8-13, 2025location: camp fowler, orefield, paages: 12 to 15eligibility: cadets must live in the troop m coverage area, which consists of lehigh county, northampton county or bucks county.  






register now















 







camp challenges attendees to push beyond comfort zones 



the pennsylvania state police troop m camp cadet is a youth educational program designed to provide campers with a firsthand look at law enforcement programs. this camp was developed to challenge students mentally and physically.the camp cadet experience includes lectures and classroom sessions focused on educating students on a wide range of police activities and the criminal justice system. campers also are exposed to an environment that simulates real police and military training, from daily physical exercise to military-like drills.the camp is open to male and female students between the ages of 12 and 15.  















benefits of troop m camp cadet 






 

















 




							educate						


						cadets gain knowledge of our diverse criminal justice system and establish  positive relationships with law enforcement personnel.					













 




							challenge						


						campers participate in law enforcement-like activities while living in a structured setting similar to the pa  state police academy.					













 




							inspire						


						the camp emphasizes teaching cadet’s teamwork and the benefits of making good decisions, as well as respect for authority.					























respect yourself, respect others 



camp cadet teaches professionalism, respect and teamwork. students are also presented with solutions and strategies to better handle anger management, conflict resolution and cultural diversity. 

















 

 

 













camper reviews 



an incredible experience! 








it was an amazing experience. my favorite part was learning about the military and many different jobs in law enforcement. the k-9 demo was my favorite, and am considering it as my future career.



mary ashlyn w.













i learned many valuable lessons at camp cadet such as teamwork, honesty, and discipline. ... i was given the opportunity to experience different areas of law enforcement and learn about each one. being challenged physically and mentally helped me grow as a cadet and as a person. whether you want to join law enforcement or another career, camp will teach you lifelong skills.



aubrey b.













camp cadet was a fun experience and something i looked forward to. it was a challenging experience that taught me a lot about myself. i walked away from camp having a better understanding of self-discipline, respect and integrity. unlike other camps, you will walk away from camp cadet knowing what “squared away” means.



blake s.


























				copyright © psp troop m camp cadet 2025website by swbr marketing & media 















home
camp life
about
donations
board
contact



type your search

































