the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop – best ratesskip to main contentmain navigationour brandsspecial offersmeetings & eventssign in or joinsecondary navigationmy stayshelplocation searchnavigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.select room and guest count1 room, 1 guestselect rate typeratesfind hotel
          <iframe
            src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wz2w5c"
            height="0"
            width="0"
            style="display:none; visibility:hidden"
            aria-hidden="true"
          ></iframe>
        the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loopwelcome to chicago171 w. randolph street, chicago, il 60601312.236.0123check-in: 4:00 pmcheckout: 11:00 amdiscover the best of chicago's central loop at our ideally located hotel, where world-class business, art, and entertainment are right at your doorstep. step outside to find yourself in proximity to chicago's theater district, millennium park, grant park, and river walk. treat yourself to sophisticated comfort in one of our guest rooms and suites, each steeped in historic charm. make use of a wide range of amenities including 14,000 square feet of flexible event space, an on-site restaurant and bar, and fitness center.
long live the guest at the royal sonesta.
take a tour!
read more +bar allegrounwind in the retro atmosphere of bar allegro while enjoying handcrafted vintage cocktails and light bites.
learn moremeetings & events in chicago find the perfect setting for your next gathering with our versatile meeting and event spaces.explore our spaceswedding venue chicagoplan your chicago wedding at our chicago loop hotel.explore wedding venuesaccommodationsselect your roomawards & recognition2024 tripadvisor travelers' choice+21take a visual tourphoto gallery+18special offersdeals & offers at our loop hotellet your love show​celebrate love now through february with our romance packages. they’re perfect for surprising that special someone, celebrating valentine’s day, or just giving yourself a little more love.book nowlearn morelicense to stayattention midwesterners! book your next chicago getaway and receive up to 12% off the best available rate.book nowlearn morea royal family adventurespread out the whole fam in a spacious suite and enjoy a $50 dining credit, plus a kid-friendly welcome amenity fit for a royal.book nowlearn moreshow more offers + explore the areawhat's nearbyabout the hotelhotel detailsour hotelproperty mascothistoryaccessibility pet policycheck-in/checkout policydestination feeamenities & featuresin-room amenitieschicago luxury suitesparkingdiningbar allegro local areachicago theatre districtmillennium park grant park navy pierrsna venuemeetings & eventsweddingsvenuesfaqsabout our chicago loop hotelvoted a top hotel in chicago by the readers of condé nast traveler, the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop is the perfect blend of vintage art deco charm and modern comfort in chicago's lively theatre district. with the chicago theater and goodman theater at your fingertips, you can indulge in a night of culture and entertainment. escape the hustle and bustle of the city at the scenic millennium park. make time for a leisurely stroll along the picturesque river walk and explore the beauty of the city like never before. after a busy day of work or adventure, retire to one of our guest rooms and suites that exude sophisticated comfort. relish captivating views of the lively randolph street below. make use of our thoughtfully-selected in-room amenities.host your grand receptions or intimate meetings in our luxurious walnut ballroom or savoy room. let our dedicated team ensure your event runs smoothly and flawlessly.experience the irresistible atmosphere and vintage-inspired cocktails and bites from bar allegro, located off the main lobby.break a sweat in our newly renovated, state-of-the-art fitness center featuring strength training equipment, a peloton bike, cardio gear, yoga mats, and more. the sovereign of chicagobronze lions by artist, edward kemeys, stand outside the art institute of chicago, date back to 1893, and are said to be guarding the city's most precious pieces. in a nod to this history, the mascot ruling over the royal sonesta allegro is our gloriously regal yet whimsical lion, the sovereign of chicago. dignified and stoic, his presence catches eyes from guests visiting from all around the world. the sovereign of chicago also captures the energizing spirit found throughout the theater district, especially at night. with him by your side, your time at the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop will roar to life!historic landmark hotel in chicago like chicago itself, the site of the allegro royal sonesta hotel has a long, storied history. founded as the bismarck hotel in 1894 by emil and karl eitel, the hotel has lived several lives. it wasn’t until after a full demolition in 1924 that the art deco-inspired sensation that houses the allegro royal sonesta hotel today was constructed.
the eitel brothers, emil and karl – and their siblings robert, max and otto, who later followed them to chicago – oversaw the hotel’s first rise to prominence at the turn of the 20th century. at its grand re-opening in 1926, it anchored the renowned "eitel block." by the 1930s and 40s, the hotel hosted stars of stage and screen as well as other influencers who helped shape the character of the city itself.
take a look below at the timeline of this illustrious property, and learn the role the eitel brothers played in the evolution of 171 w. randolph street.
timeline
1890s    
eitel brothers immigrate to chicago
two of the eitel brothers (emil & karl) immigrate to chicago from stuttgart, germany in the early 1890s. emil is first in 1890, followed by karl in 1891.
1893    
fair hotel opens
emil and karl eitel open the fair hotel, a guesthouse-turned-hotel on s. cottage grove avenue and 63rd street on chicago's south side, near the site of the 1893 chicago world’s fair. the success they find here encourages them to fully pursue the hospitality industry.
1894-1895    
brothers purchase bismarck hotel and bismarck gardens
the two eitel brothers purchase the 4-story germania hotel at randolph and wells and rename it "the bismarck," named after german chancellor otto von bismarck. they also found the bismarck hotel company, further extending their reach in chicago's hotel and restaurant scene. they are joined by their brothers robert (in 1898) and max (in 1901) who help them run the hotel and various restaurants around the city throughout the first half of the 20th century.
in 1895 emil and karl also purchase a beer garden on the north side of the city and rename it bismarck gardens, extending the bismarck brand. it is predominantly run by max eitel and renamed marigold gardens during world war ii. marigold gardens is eventually sold during prohibition.
1914-1919    
bismarck renamed randolph hotel
during world war i, amid american anti-german sentiment, the eitels change the hotel's name to the randolph hotel, changing it back after armistice day (november 11, 1919).
1924    
eitels purchase the neighborhood
in 1924, six years after the end of world war i, the eitels purchase the entire south side of the block of randolph between la salle & wells. it is thereafter known as the "eitel block." in addition to hotel holdings, they oversee the building of the 22-story metropolitan office building and the 2,500-seat palace opera theater adjacent to the hotel.
the existing bismarck hotel is demolished to make way for a grand rebuild. in its place, the eitels build a 19-story hotel with 600 guest rooms and a striking marble staircase off the lobby. the rebuild is designed by renowned chicago architectural firm rapp and rapp, with help from a fifth eitel brother, albert, who had remained in stuttgart and pursued a career in architecture.
1926    
bismarck hotel opens as randolph
the "new" bismarck reopens in 1926 with just as much fanfare as its predecessor.
prohibition era    
vaudeville
the palace theater becomes a must-stop along the vaudeville circuit with stars like mae west, jimmy durante, lillian russell, richard mansfield, john mason, may irwin, ellen terry, nat goodwin and julia marlowe, and bob hope performing there and staying at the adjacent bismarck hotel.
dec. 5, 1933    
post-prohibition
the first post-prohibition keg is tapped at the bismarck's walnut room. hundreds of revelers line up around the block and flood in immediately after midnight. the hotel goes down in history as the first place to legally sell alcohol again. guests are even given paper hats in the shape of beer mugs with the phrase "happy days" printed on them.
1940s & 50s    
movies and wartime
as vaudeville and big bands go out of fashion, the palace theater begins hosting traveling broadway shows and eventually becomes the biggest movie theater in the city in the 1940s.
the bismarck hosts events for local and nationally known movers, shakers, movie stars and the like.
during world war ii, the brass lighting fixtures and sconces throughout the building are painted white, from fear that the government will claim them to make bullets for the war effort.
1956    
go hawks
the eitels sell the bismarck hotel to arthur wirtz for just over $2 million. wirtz is a renowned local chicagoan and owner of the chicago blackhawks hockey team and chicago stadium.
1960s - 1980s    
democratic party
thanks to its close proximity to city hall, the bismarck becomes the unofficial meeting spot (and home to much behind-the-scenes wheeling and dealing) for the cook county democratic party, led by famed chicago mayor j. richard daley. daley had his own table in the walnut room with a private phone installed for his personal use.
1994    
the green orchid room
on the 100th anniversary of the hotel, the green orchid room opens, an intimate lounge and entertainment space described as an "art deco cabaret and cigar club." between appearances by its own "green orchid girls," vocalists like jackie allen, frances asher and kurt elling perform.
1997    
hotel sold
the wirtz family sells the former "eitel block" to palmet venture, llc. the kimpton hotel group manages and designs the historic property.
1998    
renovations
the block undergoes a $31 million renovation and reopens in 1998 as the hotel allegro; operations are handled by kimpton hotels. the renovations bring out the dramatic theater district flair of the hotel's past. the grand marble staircase is refurbished and the original light fixtures that had been languishing in the hotel’s basement are brought back to life.
2014    
kimpton hotel allegro
hotel allegro begins a 2-year, $15 million renovation meant to further honor the art deco history of the bismarck hotel’s post-prohibition heyday.
2020    
more than 100 years of history
sonesta international hotel corporation purchases the hotel and celebrates the rich history of 171 w. randolph street.
accessible hotel in chicago loopwe strive to make your stay as comfortable as possible and to accommodate the needs of our guests with disabilities. please contact the hotel if you have any special requests. we offer a range of amenities and services to accommodate the needs of guests with disabilities including: braille/raised signage lift accessible bathroom (selected rooms) in-room accessibility (selected rooms) roll-in shower (selected rooms) wheelchair-accessible path of travel wheelchair-accessible parking wheelchair-accessible public bathroom wheelchair-accessible concierge desk wheelchair-accessible van parking wheelchair-accessible path to lift wheelchair-accessible registration desk wheelchair-accessible business center wheelchair-accessible restaurant wheelchair-accessible lounge visual alarms in hallways handrails in stairwells wheelchairs available on site well-lit path to entrance step-free path to entrance pet-friendly hotel in chicago loopwe love your furry friends as much as you do.sonesta is proud to invite your cuddly companions and provide special amenities like comfy pet beds, bowls, waterproof mats, and treats at check-in. we’ll greet your pet with an arrival letter outlining our local recommendations for a “pawsome” stay.we're also excited to feature a variety of innovative, pet-safe products from fable, both in-room and available for sale, to give our canine guests an extra-special stay.the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop is pet friendly and welcomes well-mannered pets, with no breed or weight restrictions. up to two pets are permitted per suite.$75 fee per stay applies.discover our pets are welcome at sonesta (paws) policy. check-in/checkout policy at our hotel in chicago loopguests may request early check-in, but it is not guaranteed. a valid credit card must be presented at check-in. late check-out can be arranged with the hotel, subject to availability.to add an additional guest to your reservation, please contact the front desk at 312.236.0123.please note that guests must be at least 21 years of age to check into the hotel. destination fee at our hotel in chicago looproom rates are subject to a daily destination fee of $32.00, which includes:coffee and tea in the lobby each morningafternoon tea and scones in the lobbycurtain call lobby turndown cart including sleep masks, royal chocolates, bath salts, and floral spraypremium wi-fitwo bottles of wateraccess to the fitness center including a peloton bikeuse of our bicycles to explore the city (seasonal)seasonal water refresh station in the lobby$10 credit for use towards bar allegro or the snack baramenities at our loop hotelat the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop, we are proud to offer a wide array of amenities and services designed to make your stay as comfortable and effortless as possible.fitness centermaintain your active lifestyle even when you're away from home with our state-of-the-art fitness center. complete with a peloton bike, strength training equipment, cardio gear, yoga mats, and more, our fitness center is open 24 hours a day to accommodate your busy schedule.complimentary bicyclesexperience the splendor of chicago with the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop! we have bicycles ready for you to explore the stunning lake michigan setting and take in the city's cultural touchstones. imagine taking a leisurely ride over to millennium park, and browsing the art institute of chicago, all while feeling the wind in your hair. our bikes are available on a first-come, first-served basis, so be sure to seize the opportunity and explore the city in a whole new way!in-room amenities at our chicago loop hotelthe guest rooms at the allegro royal sonesta feature refined decor, custom hardwood finishes, fine furnishings, and the following amenities:  mini-fridge  iron/ironing board laptop-size safe complimentary wi-fi flat-screen television please note amenities may vary by room. more details can be found during room selection. luxury suites at our chicago loop hoteltreat yourself to an upscale stay in chicago loop by booking one of our luxury one-bedroom suites. featuring a private bedroom, a separate living room area, and a one-person or a two-person spa tub, our suites will elevate your chicago experience — whether you're visiting on business or for a special getaway with your significant other!your suite stay will be nothing short of a royal experience. explore our royally suite experience program here.parking at our chicago loop hotelthe allegro royal sonesta offers 24-hour valet parking for the below rates:0 - 4 hours, $22.004 - 6 hours, $26.006 - 8 hours, $36.008 - 24 hours, $77.00the overnight fee for hotel guests includes unlimited in-and-out privileges. there is also self-parking available within a 200 ft distance from our hotel at a rate of $57 per night.dining at our hotel in chicago loopexperience the vibrant chicago dining scene right at your fingertips. at the allegro royal sonesta chicago loop hotel, you’ll find the freshest local ingredients, creative cocktails, cuisine, and superb service in the heart of chicago's loop.bar allegropull up a seat and unwind with a refreshing drink from bar allegro, located off our main lobby. our vintage bar offers a retro-chic atmosphere with a wide selection of wines, local beers and handcrafted cocktails complemented by a menu of light bites.bar allegro at our loop hotelunwind with a drink at bar allegro, located just off our grand lobby. experience a retro atmosphere with an extensive list of wines, local beers and handcrafted vintage and signature cocktails, as well as a curated menu of light bites.menuhours daily: 4:00pm – 11:00pm attractions near our chicago hotel the allegro royal sonesta hotel in chicago's loop district is the ideal spot for those eager to discover the city's finest offerings. our centrally located hotel places you in the center of the action, with first-rate cultural, artistic, and recreational options just a stone's throw away. 
hotel near chicago theatre districtwitness the grandeur of chicago's downtown in the chicago theatre district, a landmark that will take your breath away. with hundreds of concerts, comedians, special events, and tours happening every year, the chicago theatre district is the premier place to catch your favorite performers or discover new ones.the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop is one of our most popular hotels in the chicago theatre district.hotel near millenium park chicagotake a stroll through millennium park, located just a stone's throw away from the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop. as the city's premier green space, millennium park is a must-see destination for any visitor to chicago. take a stroll through the park and discover a collection of public art, breathtaking landscape design, and awe-inspiring modern architecture. 
hotel near grant park chicagoimmerse yourself in the beauty and serenity of grant park, the city's premier green space, just 1.5 miles from the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop. relax on the great lawn with a picnic, or take a stroll through the lush gardens, fountains, and sculptures that line the shores of lake michigan.   
hotel near navy pier chicagodiscover scenic chicago's waterfront at navy pier, less than 2 miles from the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop. soak in the rich history and vibrant culture of navy pier, home to a year-round calendar of exciting events and programs. revel in art, music, dance, and more at navy pier, where there's always something happening, from celebrations and exhibits to free fireworks and lake cruises. 
hotel near rsna venue in chicagoheld annually at mccormick place in chicago, the radiological society of north america annual conference is the world's largest event for the medical imaging industry. the rsna conference typically takes place over the course of five days, starting on the last sunday of november, and attracts radiology professionals from all over the world. discover sonesta hotels near the rsna venue.event spaces at our chicago hotelstart an rfp explore venue instant book venue view our catering menuour chicago loop hotel offers a diverse range of versatile event spaces, totaling over 14,000 square feet, that can be customized to fit your specific requirements. each of the 15 sophisticated meeting rooms at the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop boasts rich art deco interiors and timeless elegance.our flexible meeting rooms can host up to 400 guests. our historic walnut ballroom exudes elegance and offers stunning views of the city. with the help of our dedicated team, you can create a customized and delectable event menu for a memorable meeting or celebration. contact usthe allegro is the perfect venue for conferences, training sessions, meetings, and events of all sizes. contact the sales and catering department for new group events or meeting inquiries.start an rfp explore venue instant book venue view our catering menuwedding venue in chicagosay "i do" to a lifetime of memories at the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop! our exceptional spaces and extraordinary culinary offerings will make your wedding dreams come true. located in the heart of the chicago loop, our hotel offers old-world glamour with a modern, sophisticated twist. with luxurious rooms and suites, breathtaking city views, and 14,000 square feet of event spaces designed to impress, your guests will be wowed. let our dedicated catering team handle all the details and make your wedding an affair to remember!  explore venue contact usready to plan your wedding celebration? connect with lauren beale at lauren.beale@sonesta.comstart an rfp explore our chicago wedding venueswalnut ballroomour historic walnut ballroom is what wedding dreams are made of. from the soaring 15-foot ceiling to the sophisticated elegance of its warm walnut accents and art deco chandeliers, everything about this room is impressive. floor-to-ceiling windows offer stunning city views, and the spacious foyer is ideal for welcoming guests. the walnut ballroom is the perfect backdrop for your grand wedding celebration of up to 300 guests.savoy roomthe warm, sophisticated savoy room features architectural details reminiscent of the art deco period. with a cozy fireplace, large bookshelves, plush seating, and museum-worthy artwork, this space takes you back in time. a perfect, unique room to hold your ceremony or reception.palladium roomcelebrate your “i do’s” in the palladium room, boasting beautiful natural light from its expansive floor-to-ceiling windows. perfect for smaller wedding dinners for up to 80 guests or receptions for up to 150 guests.faqs about the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop1. when is check-in/checkout time at the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop? do you offer early check-in or late checkout? our hotel's standard check-in time is 4:00 pm and onwards. however, we do offer the option of early check-in for a fee, subject to availability. the checkout time is set at 11:00 am. if you require a later check-out, it can be arranged for an additional charge, subject to availability. 2. does your chicago loop hotel have a pool? no, our chicago loop hotel does not feature a swimming pool. 3. does the allegro royal sonesta hotel have a restaurant on-site?  yes. our hotel boasts an in-house eatery and bar, bar allegro, which offers a selection of cocktails and light bites.4. do you have on-site parking? is it included in my room rate? the allegro royal sonesta offers 24-hour valet parking for the below rates:0 - 4 hours, $22.004 - 6 hours, $26.006 - 8 hours, $36.008 - 24 hours, $77.00the overnight fee for hotel guests includes unlimited in-and-out privileges. there is also self-parking available within a 200 ft distance from our hotel at a rate of $57 per night.5. do you offer room service? what are the hours? no, our hotel does not provide room service. 6. do you have an on-site laundry service? during your stay, you can utilize our dry cleaning and laundry services for your convenience.7. is the allegro royal sonesta hotel a pet-friendly hotel in chicago loop? yes, the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loop is pet-friendly and welcomes well-mannered pets, with no breed or weight restrictions.    the royal sonesta united states illinois chicago the allegro royal sonesta hotel chicago loopconnect with sonestastayspecial offerslocationsmeetings & eventsegypt hotels & cruisesextended stay hotelspet-friendly hotelssupportmy staysmy accountneed help?travel sospaws at sonestashop sonestacompanyabout ussonesta travel passpartnershipsfranchisingcareersnewsroomcorporate responsibilitywebsiteprivacy policymanage cookiesterms of usedo not sell or share my datasitemapsonesta international hotelssonesta travel pass the royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortsmod sonesta collectionsonesta selectred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature innthe royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortssonesta selectmod sonesta collectionred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature inn© 2025 sonesta international hotels corporation. all rights reserved.

