




































    
    victorian b&b | hot springs, ar | wildwood b&b
  
  












               


  1884 wildwood bed and breakfast inn

  

check availability


       




  



 contact us   (501) 624-4267 email us 





       home



  mansion rooms



  cottage suites



  atmosphere and amenities



  packages and promotions



  inn policies



  contact and check-in












    
 





        1884 wildwood bed and breakfast inn

  

call us




   historic districtphenomenal  architecturecomfy bedscomplimentary wifidelicious breakfastprivate bathrooms 
please note:  we are temporarily closed due to the innkeepers' upcoming surgeries and recovery and are not taking any reservations at this time. 



   



   extraordinary and unique alternative to typical hotels! 
the mansion is a stunning and unique architectural jewel. equally extraordinary is our commitment to service. 1884 wildwood bnb is the only lodging in hot springs that has received the coveted trip advisor "traveler's choice award" eight years and the "certificate of excellence" every year. we've also been in newspaper articles and tv shows featuring the history, architecture, and hospitality. this hospitality experience at wildwood didn't begin with us! we have just carried on the tradition begun by dr. ellsworth and wife sarah. sarah designed the home for entertaining. the breathtaking woodwork and minton tiles from england all compliment large rooms and massive pocket doors. the cherry staircase is the woodworking masterpiece and its rich tones are highlighted by two large stained glassed windows that were designed by sarah and crafted in italy. the entire home is enhanced by sarah's own finer carvings, paintings and sculpting. sarah entertained opera stars, musicians, and orators including civil war officers such as general sherman and general beauregard. multi-course meals were served with entertainment after. sarah was upset preparing for one dinner party because jesse james robbed the stage coach so she didn't receive her supplies. not having to deal with stage coach robberies makes it easier to provide an elegantly casual and comfortable place for you to relax and unwind! enjoy a great night sleep in our comfy beds and then wake up to a delicious breakfast. homemade goodies and coffee/tea bar open at all times. a tour of the home detailing the complete history of the original family and the unique architectural features are available after breakfast most mornings. we do offer romance and relaxation packages if you would like help planning your day and making reservations. history, atmosphere and hospitality combined make wildwood the best alternative to a typical hotel in hot springs!


     trip advisor rating - 5 stars
  


  




       





    





    






     






  




   maria korn michael and paul michael from houston, tx
"rebecca and dave have truly created a slice of heaven in hot springs! we have stayed at many bnbs and wildwood surpasses them all! amazing breakfasts, the friendliest hosts… tour of their home, a truly "lagniappe" as we weren't expecting such a fascinating slice of hot springs history. delightful venue for our vacation, can’t wait to return. a bnb not to be missed!"
ed and pam from memphis, tn
"impossible to say all the wonderful things about this place. attention to detail, warm personal touches, breakfast casual but elegant. felt right at home. quiet, but still on the main drag, close to restaurants and attractions. great features, including spacious porch. we chose wildwood after reading tripadvisor and we are happy to confirm that all those positive reviews are well deserved."



   best choice for lodging in hot springs, ar
 

1884 wildwood bnb provides hospitality and a comfortable atmosphere, but we are also convenient to a wide variety of activities and entertainment located in the historic downtown. we are in the historic district only 1/2 mile from bathhouse row. we love being so close to our favorite restaurants, shows, shopping, art galleries, museums, attractions, and hiking trailheads. visit the fordyce bathhouse, national park visitor center, for the wonderful museum and stained glass. the superior bathhouse makes beer out of the hot springs water as we as featuring a large selection of other craft beers and great food! the quapaw and buckstaff bathhouses are still functioning spas. the historic downtown offers so much to do it would be impossible to list. there is a city visitor center located on the corner of central and spring right downtown with plenty of brochures and suggestions. hot springs provides a large free public parking deck right downtown. we are close enough to walk but we usually recommend using the parking deck. there is so much to do , and see, you probably will be exhausted by the end of the day and may have purchases to carry. 
oaklawn racetrack offers live thoroughbred horse racing january through april and a gaming facility open all year just 3 miles from us. we are less then 10 minutes from magic springs amusement park and 20 minutes from garvan woodland gardens. lake catherine or lake ouchita are both 20-30 minutes from us.




    


  


  




   hot springs offers outdoor sports such as premier golfing, fishing, boating, hiking and biking. the world class mountain bike northwood trails have several trailheads. the cedar glades trailheads located at 461 wildcat rd. is about 3 miles from us. northwoods is 26 miles of trails and offers beginner, intermediate and advance.
 




   ellsworth family contribution to hot springs, ar!
prosper harvey ellsworth was born in canada but chose to do his medical training in chicago, illinois. immediately following his graduation, the civil war broke out and he was drafted into the union side of the civil war. he was involved at the siege in vicksburg and the little rock campaign in 1863. while stationed near little rock, prosper heard of the healing powers of the hot springs and the new mercury treatments being done at the bathhouses. as a doctor, he was intrigued and decided to visit hot springs. prosper was impressed by the number of people coming to hot springs for the medical treatments, so he decided he would come back to hot springs after the war to settle down and establish a practice. he did follow through with his plan and came back to hot springs in 1866. he built a home right across from the bathhouse where the bottom floor was comprised of doctor's offices and beds for overnight patients. the top floor was meant for family to live in although prosper did not marry for 6 more years. several years after he married and lived in the upstairs floor their home burned to the ground and his wife designed her dream home, wildwood. prosper was one of a few doctors that established the american medical society for hot springs, and the state of arkansas. he was one of the founding fathers of the st. luke's episcopal church in hot springs. 
sarah elizabeth van patten of washington d.c. became the bride of prosper harvey ellsworth, a physician, in 1873. sarah's father was connected to president van buren in a relationship that began with their combined dutch heritage. sarah sang in the choir when president lincoln gave the gettysburg address at age of 16. when sarah married prosper she moved from a highly cultured eastern city to join him in a rough country village of hot springs, arkansas. sarah was determined to bring culture to her new home, so she became active in starting the hot springs library and was a primary fundraiser for the opera house. her washington d.c. connections enabled her to bring many performers out to hot springs. she was one of five people that chose the arkansas state flag and flower. she also server as president of the women's federation of arkansas leading a campaign to save the old state house building in downtown little rock. she had four children and left a dairy called "letters from mama" giving us insight into her love, faith and advice for her children and a picture of her life in hot springs from 1873-1927. one of their grandsons, tom ellsworth, served the city of hot springs as alderman 1962-1970 and mayor 1971-1982. a more comprehensive tour with pictures available most mornings after breakfast.




    

 


  

 


  

 




    




      




book your relaxing getaway today!   

check availability

  

contact









        

call us




    

1884 wildwood bed and breakfast inn
      





(501) 624-4267
   



innkeeper@hotspringsbnbwildwood.comprivacy policy   

check availability


   



808 park ave, hot springs, ar, 71901





       





















































































































  
  share by:










