





	livematch chat line  free chat rooms free party line 












×

menu

local phone numbers
web connect
home
prices
rules
dating advice
support

 gay guys can try:  men meet men






    call now!   503-222-2428


free phone chat line  free chat rooms free party line 



free hour nightly 8-9pmto find a local number

                    enter your area code

                     
                    
                       
                
                 
              

            


 you can tell a lot about a person from the sound of their voice!

livematch chat line! 
phone chat line - free trial!
call now to join the party!

featuring the livelounge

                        the livelounge is where you  hear the greetings of online members that match the preferences you choose.
                        chat one on one or leave messages to each other.
                    
                        you can get to know each other without revealing your private information.  


                        when you have heard all the online members, continue with offline members and leave messages in their mailboxes. as soon as the next matching member calls in you will hear their greeting.  
                        it's always free to record your greeting and listen to the greetings of the other members.
                        a state of the art blocking system puts you in control of unwanted communications.


women always chat free with vip members! 
our quick anonymous sign up will have you listening to greetings in the livelounge and chatting in about 2 minutes. 
first time callers enjoy a a full hour to freely message and chat.
continue to use the system for free with limitations
member created forums allow you to get to know people with the same interests.
find fun and drama in the chat rooms.
safely talk with strangers



free basic membership



                    
                   
                    when you first call livematch chat line you are a free basic member

                    as a basic member you can ...
                
record your first name or alias and greeting for other members to hear when you are online or offline.
listen to the other member's greetings in the livelounge
respond to vip messages for free
send messages to vips for free
voice chat one on one with vip members.
maintain a mailbox so you don't miss messages when you can't be online. 
choose to receive livecalls, from vips, when you are offline, without exposing your phone number 
spend time in the chat rooms and member forums
maintain a block list

ladies get plenty of interaction as a free member!


vip membership


men, make yourself available with a vip subscription.   membership prices

                        get everything the basic membership provides, and more.
vip features:

unlimited usage 24/7  
talk 1 on 1 with anyone
create your own chat room 
unlimited time in the chat rooms
get links to the chatroom participants so you can chat with them privately.
create your own public forum with unlimited responses
turn your forum into a live conference when you are online.
unlimited time in the forums
send messages to anyone and they can respond for free
unlimited mailbox
receive chat requests from everyone
receive messages from everyone
livecall credits for receiving calls when you are offline and calling members that are offline. no phone numbers are exposed.
unlimited block list






chat rooms

                        the party never ends!
                        the group chat rooms are a fun place to hang out and talk with friends and random people.
                        easily move between chat 
          rooms until you find the group that is right for you.
                    
                        send links to your mailbox of the others in the chatroom so you can contact them easily.
                        your block list works through out the system. toggle it on or off in the chatrooms. 
                    

member forums

                    member created forums are a great place to find people with your same interests.
                    you can find a forum relating to your interests or create your own.
                    vip members can turn their forums into live chatrooms for group discussions.
                
livecall

                    you can remain accessible even when you are not online.
                
                    turn on livecall and members can call your phone to chat without exposing anyone's phone number.
                    don't worry if you miss a live call. the message will be waiting in your mailbox the next time you call livematch.
                



connect to the chatline online



                        you can connect from your laptop, desktop computer, tablet or mobile phone using your browser.
                         
                        livematch offers a simple keypad on a webpage that will allow you to navigate the chat line menus.

why use your browser instead of your phone?


uses your internet connection instead of your phone minutes or long distance.
no new app to download
high quality, static free communications.
view the extension number of the member you are hearing
if they have a picture it will display while they talk.
see the extensions of the chatroom members and know which one is talking. 
works great on mobile phones, tablets, laptops and desktop computers 










local numbersconnecthome dating advicepricessupportrules



chat line and chat rooms
free hour 8-9pm every night

copyright 2025 livecall communications llc all rights 
            reserved



