









lipozene weight loss pills - official site 














































































 



skip navigation
















en espanol
phone orders: (800) 850-8818
chat with us



homehow it workslipozene cxcontact usblogshop now 













don’t miss out on all the weight loss. order now!











×

guarantee & return policy
lipozene satisfaction guarantee & return policy
all weight loss pills shipped by lipozene/ori products come with a 30-day money back guarantee less $1.35 processing fee. customers have 30 days to return lipozene for a refund. return authorization numbers must be received from customer serice and written on the shipping box. please contact customer service with any questions about lipozene’s satisfaction guarantee at 1-888-220-8907
note: the above mentioned lipozene satisfaction gurantee & return policy applies to internet and tv purchases directly from lipozene® only and does not apply to purchases made at retail stores or other third parties.










lose weight lipozene baner



order now!risk free trial offer $29.95 with free shipping
click here learn how to save even more










lipozene
value offerover $45 in savings!
$54.95*
lipozene's value offer presents an excellent opportunity for individuals looking to achieve their weight loss goals while enjoying significant savings.

order now!
learn more









lipozene
subscribe & save!
$32.95*
 with a consistent supply of lipozene delivered to your door, you can maintain a structured and convenient approach to your weight loss journey.


order now!
learn more








lipozene cx
enhanced with chromium
$32.95*
 we've added chromium to america's number one-selling diet supplement, combining two powerful ingredients into an all-natural veggie capsule to create a fantastic new weight-loss supplement.


order now!
learn more













what is lipozene?
with over 35 million bottles sold, lipozene is one of the most trusted weight management supplements available.** in a world full of diets, workout plans, and other products, it can be hard to know where to start or how to fit these lifestyle changes into your already busy schedule.
lipozene seamlessly fits into your lifestyle without requiring drastic changes, supporting your weight management efforts when used alongside a healthy diet and regular exercise.***
best of all, you can still enjoy your favorite foods while working toward your goals! lipozene contains no stimulants and is non-gmo, gluten-free, and caffeine-free.†







how does lipozene help with weight management?†
lipozene contains glucomannan, a naturally derived fiber from the konjac root, designed to support your journey towards a healthier you.
                  scientific studies recognize glucomannan’s ability to support weight management, with a combination of a balanced diet and healthy lifestyle.*** the fiber in lipozene can absorb water and expand up to 200 times its weight****, helping you feel fuller for longer when taken with water before meals.
lipozene is made with the highest-quality ingredients an is non-gmo, gluten-free, caffeine-free, and free from harmful chemicals. it is natural and safe, and supports your efforts to manage calorie intake without the use of stimulants.†
additionally, the fda has recognized glucomannan, lipozene’s active ingredient, as beneficial for maintaining healthy cholesterol levels. however, these claims have not been evaluated by the fda for lipozene’s weight management benefits.†







does lipozene really  work?
clinical studies have shown that lipozene supports weight loss**. in these studies, participants were randomly divided into two groups—one receiving lipozene and the other a placebo. the study was double-blind, meaning neither the participants nor the researchers knew which group received lipozene. participants who took lipozene lost 4x more weight than those in the placebo group!**
to start losing weight with lipozene, all you need to do is take 2 capsules, with 8 ounces of water, at least 30 minutes before your 3 largest meals of the day. for most people, this means taking lipozene before breakfast, lunch, and dinner. however, you can adjust your dose to accommodate your specific eating habits. if no two days are the same for you, don’t worry about that, either, because you can easily tailor your lipozene doses to your changing schedule.











what makes lipozene, america's #1 diet supplement different?



100% natural active ingredient



non gmo



gluten free



caffeine free 



soy free












real people. real results.††













why is lipozene affordable?
weight loss should be accessible and available to everyone, which is why lipozene is an effective solution without an extreme price tag. other weight loss solutions can be expensive and risky. however, lipozene is safe and effective and you can try it   risk free for 30 days with our trial package for only $29.95!*   we want you to succeed in your weight loss journey, which is why lipozene guarantees you will lose weight, or your money back!







assembled in the usa
lipozene is assembled in the usa following current good manufacturing practices (cgmp) guidelines,

                  the fda’s strictest manufacturing requirements. these standards ensure that lipozene is made safely, using only the highest quality materials.





order now!














































how it workshow to take lipozenesuccess storiesfaqsingredientsbmidosage instructionsterms & conditionsmetaboup pluspay by check
guarantee & return policyprivacy policyblogcontact ussitemap








money back guarantee: a 30-day money-back guarantee applies only to the first 30 days of a continuity subscription. returns within this period incur a $1.35 processing fee. this guarantee does not cover products delivered after the initial 30 days.
**top selling supplement: lipozene has been the number one selling fiber supplement based on single sku iri sales data from june 2013 to june 2024. these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
***scientific study: ori sponsored an 8-week study where participants were instructed to take amorphophallus konjac (glucomannan), the active ingredient in lipozene, maintain their current lifestyle, but were not given instruction as to diet or exercise. on average, the compliant active subgroup lost 4.93 more pounds than the placebo group, and at least 78% of the weight lost was body fat. it was shown to be 4x more effective than a placebo in promoting weight loss. your results may vary.
****scientific study: the glucomannan fiber in the product can expand up to 200 times its original size, contributing to its satiety effects. the 200x expansion claim is based on its weight and supported by dissolution testing in water and simulated gastric juice.
† these statements have not been evaluated by the fda, this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
††results may vary. the endorser used lipozene with diet and exercise and received compensation.
before beginning any diet, weight loss program, or exercise routine, please consult with a healthcare professional. use any supplement or medication as directed and seek medical advice before initiating any new supplement, medication or weight loss plan.








copyright © 2025 obesity research institute llc.


















this site uses cookies to store information on your computer. see our privacy policy for further details on how to block cookies.
continue browsing site

























