























knights inn – find & book economy hotels































































locations
deals & offers
contact
















locations
deals & offers
contact
















right room. right place. right price. 
knights inn hotels








where to?



distance

50 miles 













 find hotels







address not found









 budget-friendly stays 



 easy online booking



 150+ locations




















latest deals & offers 
check for these offers when making your reservation at participating properties.

see deals & offers





 
thank you to our heroes
active duty and retired military personnel can enjoy a discounted rate at participating hotels.
view offers







 
seniors save 
guests ages 55 and older stay for less in some of the most popular destinations across north america.
view offers







 
auto clubs save 
auto club members can enjoy exclusive rates at participating hotels across the u.s. and canada.
view offers






















find economy stays near you 
from downtowns to roadsides, there’s always a knights inn nearby. 

see all locations










see all locations





























convenient. simple. smart.
smart travelers know that traveling on a budget doesn’t mean sacrificing what matters most. at knights inn, we give you all the travel essentials you need for a convenient, simple, and smart stay the moment you check in.


 clean
rooms



 comfortable
beds



 convenient
amenities



 easy online
booking

























featured hotels









 


knights inn college station

experience comfort and convenience near texas a&m university at knights inn college station. enjoy free parking and wi-fi, plus a seasonal outdoor pool.




view hotel








 


knights inn yuma

explore yuma’s history and natural beauty from knights inn yuma. unwind in our outdoor pool, enjoy free wi-fi, and fuel up with continental breakfast.




view hotel








 


knights inn bunkie

discover bunkie’s attractions with ease from our hotel conveniently located off i-49. enjoy free wi-fi and continental breakfast during your stay.




view hotel








 


knights inn kamloops

enjoy a value-packed stay near thompson rivers university, complete with free parking, wi-fi, and continental breakfast.




view hotel








 


knights inn searcy

stay in a prime location near highways and local businesses. enjoy free wi-fi, parking, and pet-friendly rooms in our sleek hotel.




view hotel








 


knights inn nashville

nestle into our centrally located nashville hotel, within walking distance to nissan stadium. enjoy free wi-fi, breakfast, and parking.




view hotel








 


knights inn fayetteville

find comfortable stays at great rates near fayetteville’s best attractions and restaurants.




view hotel















knights inn ashland

relax at our pet-friendly ashland hotel in kentucky, conveniently located near paramount arts center. enjoy free wi-fi, coffee, and a seasonal outdoor pool.




view hotel








 


knights inn litchfield

enjoy excellent rates, streamlines amenities, and cozy stays near lake ripley. take advantage of free breakfast, wi-fi, and an indoor pool.




view hotel








 


knights inn orlando

stay minutes from universal studios, fuel up for the day with free coffee or tea, and make the most of our free parking lot.




view hotel








 


knights inn mount airy

discover mount airy’s key attractions, including the andy griffith home place, from our conveniently located hotel. enjoy free breakfast and parking.




view hotel















knights inn brooklyn sunset park

explore nyc from our brooklyn hotel, located within walking distances of sunset park, industrial city, and the 9th ave and the dekalb ave subway stations.




view hotel





prev

next














knights inn faqs 







do knights inn hotels offer truck and large vehicle parking? 


many of our hotels offer affordable large vehicle parking, including rv, truck, and bus parking.
visit the hotel pages for more information about the available parking facilities.




are knights inn hotels pet-friendly?


many of knights inn hotels in the u.s. and canada are pet-friendly and look forward to hosting you and your furry friend.
visit the hotel pages for more information about the hotels’ individual pet policies, including the types of pets they welcome, size and weight limitations, and fees.




how can i get in touch with knights inn?


for inquiries about your booking or upcoming stays at a knights inn hotel, please visit the hotel’s page on our website to find the property’s direct phone number.
for media and other inquiries about knights inn, please fill out our contact form.
















terms of use
privacy policy
accessibility
do not sell my data
manage cookies
 
© 2024 knights inn hotels. all rights reserved.


































