

digital art


























  

lacda  2025 juried competition
    joel ferree, lacma
rex bruce, lacda 

 			




 














 



































 






home
exhibits
editions
contact
location

join our email list 

  snap to
		    grid	      
	      on
	      pbs
lacda
on
abc7 
"top 40"
		    in
		    coagula
	      art
		  journal  
about us






 









 







  
  





 

 
 

 
 
 
 

lacda reboot statement



		it was twenty years ago today… in.2004, los angeles center for digital art, through the formidable energies and initiative of director rex bruce, opened its doors with its first exhibit. what followed is an incredible success story of hundreds of exhibits, screenings, panels, and performances that included collaborations with major curators and institutions including centre pompidou, the broad, museums and the web, guggenheim gallery (chapman university), downtown los angeles art walk, california museum of photography (u.c. riverside), new media center santa ana, niche.la video art, silver lake film festival, downtown film festival–los angeles, photola, and photosf. curators from moca, lacma, riverside museum, hammer museum, and others have participated in selecting artists for lacda juried competitions. 
		  
			  march of 2020 brought the covid lockdown and the closure of the gallery. the last few years we have all journeyed through the global crises, and while rex bruce’s personal health journey has thus far prevented reopening the gallery, lacda is happy to report he has recovered to an amazing degree and is ready to restart the lacda legacy. since the early ‘90s rex bruce has dedicated himself to the propagation and growth of art and technology and it is his wish to plant deep roots for lacda as an arts organization that can last for generations to come. 
		   
				 now is your opportunity to support that effort and an invitation to join us as an active participant in the digital arts endeavor. art and technology has grown to be a cornerstone of the art world at large and will continue to be an endless source of conceptual rumination with the introduction of so many prescient technologies over the years. lacda has a brilliant future continuing its pioneering work in support of building the art community dedicated to exploring techno-cultural convergence and providing a focused venue and a discursive arena for presenting computer based projects. 
			  
					
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
represented artists gallery link:
http://lacda.com/lacda_artists_gallery.html
 



 




 

digital art defines the contemporary. the los angeles center for digital art is dedicated to the propagation of all forms of digital art, new media, digital video art, net art, digital sculpture, interactive multimedia, and the vast panorama of hybrid forms of art and technology that constitute our moment in culture. we are committed to supporting local, international, emerging and established artists through exposure in our gallery. we have an ongoing schedule of exhibits and competitions,  produce editions of wide format archival prints, and collaborate in the production of digital artworks in our studio. as well we are involved with curating digital exhibits at institutions and festivals outside of the lacda gallery schedule. 








 








rex bruce featured in fabrik magazine: "the didatics of digitalism"


                                   click here to view featured  internet artists
lacda image archives 
 








 
this site and its entire contents © 2004-2024 los angeles center for digital art   
                    all international rights reserved. 
works of individual artists remain the intellectual property and are copyrighted by their respective authors. no unauthorized reproduction, all rights reserved. 




 

















digitalart.la
lacda-archives.com


































¨


