









tara winds








































close



home


about


people


sponsorship


schedule


media


scholarship


clarinet choir


contact us

































 want to keep in touch? sign up for our mailing list!





















home


about


people


sponsorship


schedule


media


scholarship 


clarinet choir


contact us 






























sign up for our concert announcment mailing list, friends of tara winds. 
                            we will not share you email with anyone else, and you can unsubscribe any time.
                          








24-25 season sponsors





mccord law





the kevin and taylor show





keller williams realty





gold


gold


silver









tara winds recognition

                        on june 30, 2023, tara winds had the pleasure of performing in france at the the festival des anches d'azur in lacroix valmer. read the full story in the july 2023 edition of the georgia music educators association's news of note. 
                    



this summer, tara winds represented the united states as the first ensemble invited from
georgia, by performing at the festival des anches d'azur in lacroix valmer. france. for 27
years, la croix valmer's festival has become a musical highlight each summer in the bay of
saint-tropez on the french riviera. since 1996, more than 55 international orchestras and
bands have performed in the gardens of the villa turquoise. this beautiful setting was
reconfigured into an outdoor theater in 2011 and renamed the forum constantin. tara
winds' concert on friday evening, june 30th, was incredibly received by an audience of
nearly 2,000 people. the other ensembles invited this year were from montreal and
copenhagen and were also wonderfully appreciated by the exuberant crowds. the festival
and mayor of lacroix valmer provide financial support for international ensembles to
attend. travel gallery, inc. and charlie brodie, logistics director for tara winds, made all of
the arrangements for members to travel to paris and nice. the festival treated the band to
a boat cruise and tour of a winery in southern france.
                        

under the direction of dr. andrea strauss, tara winds performed a wide variety of works.
including pieces by bizet, fauré, morricone, and sousa. the band opened the gala concert
with "atlantic fanfare" by christopher kyle green, a talented composer from georgia who is
also a member of the band. michael kobito, georgia's teacher of the year and associate
conductor, conducted "march lorraine" and "tico tico" and stan kramer, director of bands
at union grove hs and associate conductor. lead tara winds on "the symphonic gershwin
and "moment for morricone". soprano soloist amber greer, who has been singing with tara
winds since she was 11-years-old, sang "skyfall" and "georgia on my mind", which were both
crowd favorites, and another georgia native and retired u.s. army band musician dickson
grimes thrilled the crowd with a rousing presentation of the "concerto for clarinet" by artie
shaw. our principal oboe and a charter member, rusty wilson, was featured on "cabriel's
oboe" by ennio morricone, and a longtime friend of tara winds and renowned composer and
arranger. dr. sam baltzer, met the band in france and guest conducted his setting of "new
york new york". in addition to the full ensemble performing the cala concert, the tara
winds clarinet choir performed on the beach saturday and in the town on sunday. 
                        

tara winds is an all-adult symphonic band with membership ranging from college students
and first year teachers to retired music educators. the mission of the organization is to
present the world's finest symphonic band music with passionate and engaging concerts at
the highest level of professional standards and provide educational programs and
opportunities for young aspiring musicians.
"music: enjoyment for all ages" is the motto of
tara winds and to inspire the community with excellence in musical performance is the
band's goal. tara winds has presented invitational performances for numerous regional and
national music conferences. the organization has the distinction of having performed three
times for the midwest international band & orchestra clinic. in 2018, tara winds traveled to
germany celebrating the ensemble's 30th anniversary collaborating with the mannheimer
blaserphilharmonie.
                        










if you are interested in becoming a member of tara winds, please complete the online application. thank you!










join tara winds!
please fill out the form below with your contact information, and a little bit of information about yourself and your musical past, and we will contact you as soon as possible.






close










photos
please take a moment and view some of our photos. you can see more on the media page.


































about tara winds
tara winds is an all-adult symphonic band celebrating over 30 years of excellence in musical performance. our founders, larry volman, ed davis, and david gregory envisioned tara winds to be a performance medium for local musicians and to encourage school band members to continue performing after completion of their formal studies.






more links


about us


people


sponsorship


schedule


media


scholarship 


contact us 








contact us
email: andrea.strauss22@gmail.com 
andrea derenzis strauss, ph.d. tara winds, conductor and artistic director













































