


ray's camps fishing lodge





























































homeratesinformationwhat to bringfishing adviceus travellerswhats in the pantryarrival messagemessagescontactbook trip[keywordrayscamps@tusco.net(855) 975-5864[keyword]homerateswhat to bringfishing adviceus travellerswhats in the pantrymessages from guestsarrival messagecontactbook trip(855) 975-5864fishing lodgeray's campsray’s camps is located close to biscotasing ontario, canada. we offer exclusive walleye (pickerel) and pike fishing on the beautiful 10,000-acre ramsey lake and we are the only lodge located on the entire lake. it is a piece of god’s country that civilization has not marred in the rugged canadian wilderness.ray’s camps is located close to biscotasing ontario, canada. we offer exclusive walleye (pickerel) and pike fishing on the beautiful 10,000-acre ramsey lake and we are the only lodge located on the entire lake. it is a piece of god’s country that civilization has not marred in the rugged canadian wilderness.book fishing tripjoin us at ray's campswe've got the perfect fishing spot!this will be an unforgettable fishing experience that you will remember for years to come. as your hosts (kim & justin) we will do our very best to make this vacation something you look forward to year after year.it'll be an outdoor adventure to remember!ray’s camps is located close to biscotasing ontario, canada. we offer exclusive walleye (pickerel) and pike fishing on the beautiful 10,000-acre ramsey lake and we are the only lodge located on the entire lake. it is a piece of god’s country that civilization has not marred in the rugged canadian wilderness. so, except for the odd roamer or canoe tripper, you will meet only with our other guests. in other words, you are back in the bush so prepare to relax!the camp is very remote and extremely rustic, which means there is no electricity at camp. the lodge and each unit operates with propane lights, stoves, and refrigerators. each unit is equipped with hot and cold running water and a fully stocked kitchen. your bedding is also provided and will be ready upon your arrival. the boats and motors will be ready so that as soon as you unpack, you can head out on the lake.the fishing at ramsey lake is second to none. ramsey is a hotbed for walleye and northern pike fishing, with walleye in the 2-4 pound range fairly common, and larger fish not out of the question. northern pike are found throughout the lake and average in the 5-8 pound range, with pike upwards of 20 pounds being caught on occasion.this will be an outdoor adventure that you will remember for years to come. as your hosts, we will do our very best to make this vacation something you look forward to year after year.your hosts,justin & kimberly bairfrequently asked questions1. how many fish can i catch?it depends on which fishing licence you purchase.  a sportsman allows you to have 4 in possession at all times and a conservation allows you to have 2 in possession.2. is there any electricity in the cabins?no, there is no electricity.  everything is run off of propane.3. can i have a shower while i'm there?yes there is a washroom in each unit with a shower, and we also have a shower house as well.read more about our guests experiences...contact us(855) 975-5864rayscamps@tusco.netbiscotasing, on p0m 1c0service hoursfishing: may-septhunting: oct-novsocial media2025 | ray's camps | sitemapprivacy policy
contact usservice hourssocial mediabiscotasing, on p0m 1c0rayscamps@tusco.net(855) 975-5864fishing: may - septhunting: oct-nov2025 | ray's camps | sitemapprivacy policypowered by: epiicmarketing.com


