









gps utility - home













for managing, manipulating and mapping gps data










home
description
versions
gps receivers
features
function list
download
registration
things to do
faqs
comments
hints & tips
conditions of use
service & support
changes
feedback form
user group
links
author's homepage





















































download of gps utility














welcome to gps utility home page





please note:
the registered version of gpsu has now been withdrawn from sale. 
it is replaced by version 5.51 which is a fully functional freeware version.
service and support is discontinued except for users, who registered gpsu version 5.41 within the 
previous 12 months.



latest versions



gps utility version 5.51 released 19th august 2023


this version no longer requires registration.









gpsu olex file converter 1.20
released 1st april 2023

a program for converting to/from olex *.txt files.

this version no longer requires registration.




gpsu import file converter 1.36
released 26th january 2015

a program for converting txt, csv and tab files to gpsu file format.



gpsu batch file converter 1.3
released 21st february 2013


a gpsu driver program for converting batches of files from one format to another.




why not try gps utility with google earth
or terrain viewer (3d color rendering).

find the best car gps navigator deals  at ahappydeal.com.


a program for handling gps information

gps utility is an easy-to-use application that allows you to manage, manipulate and map your gps information.
to find out more see:

description - basic description of gps utility
features - a more general list of features
functions - long list of detailed functions

for a list of supported receivers see gps receivers.
there are versions which run on winxp, vista, windows 7, windows 8, windows 10, windows 11.
note: versions 5.39 and earlier are not supported on windows 11.
to see some of the things you can do with gps utility checkout the things to do page.
read some user's comments about gps utility.
other things you may wish to know about gps utility:

conditions of use - license conditions
service and support - contact details
faqs - frequently asked questions
hints & tips - some hints and tips on using gpsu

to download the current version go to the download page.

if you have any questions or comments on gpsu, try the
user group
for gps utility or the feedback form.
to learn more about other gps topics, check the links page.


gps utility (gpsu) no longer requires users to register the software. gps utility is now provided as 
fully functional freeware which does not require registration. 
however, if you find the program useful and would like to make a donation to the author, alan murphy, 
then please use the button below.



.


any donations you make will help to keep the website open and the program readily available for other users.



gps utility is available only in an english language version.


awards

100% clean badge by softworld

rated 100% clean by softpedia

editor's pick on windows 7 download

editor's pick on download typhoon

awarded 5 out 5 stars by softoxi

5 stars - reviewed by best software 4 download

5 stars awarded on best vista download

5 stars awarded on x 64-bit download

5 stars awarded on windows 7 download

5 stars awarded on download typhoon









 - reliable gps tracking solutions in the uk.







   webpages by a s murphy.  copyright © 1999-2023 a s murphy












