




lsuhsc human development center





















skip to main contentskip to footer content

you are in a modal window. press the escape key to exit.




close menu
main menu


admissions & aid
admissions
tuition & fees
financial aid


academics
academic programs


schools
allied health professions
dentistry
graduate studies
medicine
nursing
public health


campus
maps & directions
parking
wellness center
campus safety
dining
housing
student organizations


research
research
faculty interest database
office of research services
centers of excellence
clinical/translational
core and shared equipment
office of innovation & partnerships
som institutional research support


about
about
newsroom
location, maps & directions
strategic plan
directory
hospitals
administration
other lsu institutions
community engagement
contact






request info
visit
apply




mylsuhsc
directory
news
campus maps
careers
library





                                    							prospective studentsexperience lsuhscdegrees & programsschool of allied health professionsschool of dentistryschool of graduate studiesschool of medicineschool of nursingschool of public healthacademic catalogaccreditationadmissionsbe well - student successfinancial aiddininghousinginternational serviceslibrarymapstuition & feesregistrarresidency programsstudent opportunitiesstudent organizations


                                    							patient carehealthcare networkallied health professions clinicsdentistry clinicshealth care services divisionaffiliated hospitals/clinics


                                    							job seekersjob listingsstudent worker positionshow to apply for all positions


                                    							donorsgive to lsuhscfoundationschool of allied health alumni assn.school of dentistry alumni assn.school of medicine alumni assn.school of nursing alumni assn.


                                    							crime statisticsview campus crime statistics


 













 closesearchsearchtuitionhousinglibrarycareersbookstoremylsuhsc















                        											prospective studentsexperience lsuhscdegrees & programsschool of allied health professionsschool of dentistryschool of graduate studiesschool of medicineschool of nursingschool of public healthacademic catalogaccreditationadmissionsbe well - student successfinancial aiddininghousinginternational serviceslibrarymapstuition & feesregistrarresidency programsstudent opportunitiesstudent organizations


                        											patient carehealthcare networkallied health professions clinicsdentistry clinicshealth care services divisionaffiliated hospitals/clinics


                        											job seekersjob listingsstudent worker positionshow to apply for all positions


                        											donorsgive to lsuhscfoundationschool of allied health alumni assn.school of dentistry alumni assn.school of medicine alumni assn.school of nursing alumni assn.


                        											crime statisticsview campus crime statistics


search menu 


 





 



human development center
building capacity, inspiring change










navigate this sub-section:


about us
what we doour teamour cac2024 in reviewgive to hdchdc org chart




resources
staff resourceshdc newssubscribe to our newslettersacronym indexfasd resources




early childhood
early head start child care partnershipinclusive practices in early childhoodearly learning center




education & transition
louisiana autism spectrum and related disabilities projectlouisiana deafblind projectpostsecondary apprenticeship for youth (paycheck)




employment
employment firstwest south central work incentives planning and assistance




interdisciplinary programs
lend training programinterprofessional preparation program




community health
asdid clinicfasd initiatives




quicklinks
citrix storefrontemergency preparednessfind employeesintranetmoodlemylsuhscoffice 365office365 mailremote vpnself service


























welcome to hdc
louisiana's university center for excellence in developmental disabilities (ucedd)
the human development center (hdc) at lsu health new orleans provides leadership and
                              innovation in interdisciplinary education, community service, research, and information
                              dissemination to strengthen and increase the capacity of local communities to support
                              and include individuals with developmental disabilities and their families in all
                              aspects of community life. 
 
learn more about ucedds
accessibility request

                         
                        the human development center building on tulane ave.






 










                        how can we help you?
                        

                        							
                        the human development center serves as a resource to people with disabilities, families,
                        service providers, educators, and policy-makers.
                        
                        						
browse all programs





i am a person with a disability
i am a family member to someone with a disability
i am an educator
i am a graduate student
i am a healthcare or employment professional. 
do you need additional help to fully access our website?







hdc initiatives for people with disabilities
we work with people with disabilities in school, in the community. we also help people
                           in advocacy, health, and wellness. 







hdc initiatives for family members of individuals with disabilities
we support families of individuals with disabilities by offering referrals to agencies
                           and support advocating for their child.







hdc initiatives for educators
we can help educators help students with disabilities in the classroom and connect
                           educators with programs to help students after they graduate.  







hdc initiatives for graduate students
we offer interdisciplinary training programs to graduate students in healthcare, allied
                              health, education, and other areas related to neurodevelopmental disabilities.







hdc initiatives for professionals
we offer professional development, continuing education, and interdisciplinary training
                              to professionals related to neurodevelopmental disabilities. we also provide training
                              for lrs certification for employment support professionals.  







submit an accessibility request
click to submit an accessibility request.





 




our services and programs





 





early childhood initiatives
for educators and families. 

early head start child care partnership (ehs-ccp) 
inclusive practices in early childhood (ipec) 
early learning center 



 


 





education and transition initiatives
for self-advocates, families, educators, and employment support professionals. 

louisiana autism spectrum and related disabilities project (lasard) 
louisiana deafblind project for children and youth (ladbp) 
paycheck program
employment first trainings 
west south central work incentives planning and assistance (wsc wipa) 





 





community health initiatives
for everyone.

fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (fasd) initiatives
split second cares





 





interdisciplinary programs
for self-advocates, professionals, graduate students, and families. 

lend training program 
interprofessional preparation of related service personnel 




 
 









video description
                              				watch video





subsribe to the hdc newsletter
follow along with hdc's programs and stay updated with local events by subscribing
                                 to our bi-monthly e-newsletter.
subscribe here






 
 












hdc news
view more news










2024 in review
as we reflect on 2024, the human development center (hdc) remains steadfast in our
                                                   mission to advance inclusion and accessibility for individuals with disabilities and
                                                   their families across louisiana. 
read our annual report at the link below.
learn more








louisiana youth leadership forum (laylf) is  recruiting staff and delegates for its
                                                      four-day program this summer from july 10 – 13, 2025
the louisiana youth leadership forum is a summer camp for 10th-12th graders with disabilities,
                                                focused on empowerment, self-determination, and disability pride. laylf is hosted
                                                on a college campus so delegates can experience what it might be like to live away
                                                from home, and 100% of our guest speakers are successful adults with disabilities,
                                                providing immediate peer mentorship.
apply for the delegate or staff position here. 
read more








hdc's team member of the month: diane polk

"diane polk is one of the great teachers we have in our early learning center. she
                                                   is kind and nurturing with children and has developed positive relationships with
                                                   families. in addition to great customer service, she brings a positive outlook and
                                                   cooperation to the educational team in elc. diane continues her professional growth
                                                   having recently completed her associate's degree and interrater reliability in child
                                                   assessment.  we appreciate diane's dependability as a team member and commitment to
                                                   excellence as a teacher." - kisha petty, elc director
read more








  
project news
 


early childhood news



lasard news



lousiana deafblind project news


 





 







contact
human development center
                        							411 s prieur st
                        							new orleans, la 70112
                        							phone: 504-556-7500
                        						
follow us

facebook
linkedin



developmental disabilities network partners
the human development center partners with the louisiana developmental disabilities council and disability rights louisiana to create the louisiana developmental disabilities (dd) network.
accessibility commitment
the human development center strives to provide information in the most accessible
                           formats possible. if information is needed in an accessible form (e.g., large print,
                           braille, video transcript), please complete this request form or contact us at hdcinfo@lsuhsc.edu.







433 bolivar streetnew orleans, la 70112(504) 568-4808


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube




contact us
campus map
directory
careers
emergency preparedness




news
events
university police
give to lsuhsc
campus safety
lsuhsc cares











 2025 lsu health new orleans
disclaimer
privacy policy
accreditation
title ix
hotlines
website feedback





back to top


video modal















©
