




 


                        homepage – waltzing matilda centre




































































                skip to content
            



                skip to navigation
            







waltzing matilda centre - home page






 





 book now











 

 








 

 













 


 





if there is one song that lives in the heart of all australians, it is "waltzing matilda"...










 


be inspired
winton's waltzing matilda centre tells the story of waltzing matilda, winton, and the outback region.
















winton boulder opal
you will find genuine winton boulder opal littered throughout the walls and floors of the centre.




 









qld tourism award
the waltzing matilda centre is the 2018 queensland tourism award winner for best new tourism business.




 









qld tourism
the waltzing matilda centre is an accredited business recognised by qld tourism.




 









the billabong
the new interpretive billabong display




 









visitor information
the waltzing matilda centre contains an accredited visitor information centre.




 









chorregon railway
the feature of this display is the bb 18 1/4 class steam locomotive.




 









waltzing matilda
a song for everyone.




 









tuckerbox cafe
make sure you stop into the tuckerbox cafe for a coffee or a bite to eat!




 









main exhibition
experience the story of waltzing matilda and western qld through interactive displays.




 









transformations: art of the scott sisters




 









john villiers outback art prize




 









2025 childrens art project & digital exhibition 




 









 


the 2025 john villiers outback art prize entries
enter here
the john villiers outback art prize is an annual art competition open to all australian artists and presented by the outback regional gallery and waltzing matilda centre winton, qld. generously sponsored by the john villiers trust.






















major sponsor
the john villiers outback art prize (generously sponsored by the john villiers trust)




 









travis harbour
major award winner $10,000




 









ainslie mcmahon
open second place $2,000




 









carmen jackson
open third place $500




 









dache geiger
winner emerging youth $1,500




 









harita lakshmivenkatesaku
emerging youth second $1,000




 









georgie jonsson
emerging youth third $500




 









 


once a jolly swagman camped by a billabong
under the shade of a coolibah tree,
and he sang as he watched and waited till his billy boiled:
"you'll come a-waltzing matilda, with me."










 


more than a song.
winton's waltzing matilda centre is not just...











 

world class museum
the first museum in the world dedicated to a song, the new waltzing matilda centre boasts state of the art interpretation, telling the story of waltzing matilda.








 

exhibition space
waltzing matilda: a song for everyone. bush ballad. unofficial anthem. national treasure. an exhibition that celebrates the song and the music of waltzing matilda. on display from february 2020.








 

fine eatery
need a coffee break or a meal? the tuckerbox cafe serves up healthy, delicious, nutritional food daily. available for catering.








 

art gallery
transformations: art of the scott sisters features reproductions of 35 delicate watercolours based on the original illustrations of harriet and helena scott, two of australia’s most prominent 19th century natural history artists. exhibition continues until 6 march.








 

qantilda museum
these interactive displays tell the story and history of the winton shire, including the great shearers strike of 1891, and the birth of qantas.








 

award winning architecture
exhibitions aside, the new waltzing matilda centre is a sight to behold in itself. it was designed by award winning architects, cox architecture.













 


admission prices
an experience you will remember forever. please contact us for tour or large group bookings.






 book now









adults
$ 38.00

includes :
access to the interpretive display
access to the qantilda museum
access to the exhibition space
access to the art gallery is free of charge.
adults classed as 18 and over



family pass
best value
$ 87.00

includes :
access to the interpretive display
access to the qantilda museum
access to the exhibition space
access to the art gallery is free of charge.
the family pass includes up to 2 adults and 4 children



concession*
$ 34.00

includes :
access to the interpretive display
access to the qantilda museum
access to the exhibition space
access to the art gallery is free of charge.
*concession card may be required



children 5-11yrs
$ 17.00

includes :
access to the interpretive display
access to the qantilda museum
access to the exhibition space
access to the art gallery is free of charge.
children between 12-17yrs are $22.00












 


from the ashes.
from the ashes of the fire on 18th june 2015, the waltzing matilda centre has been reborn.
















fire video




 









the wreckage
the fire completely destroyed the centre, with only a shell and ashes remaining.




 









little could be saved
only a few small items could be recovered from the wreckage.




 









demolition begins
after recovering as much as possible, the demolition crew began, reducing the site to a blank canvas.




 









the timelapse




 









 


stay a while mate!
while you are here why not stay another day and see what this beautiful part of australia has to offer.
















australian age of dinosaurs
australian age of dinosaurs museum of natural history is home to the world’s largest collection of australian dinosaur fossils, including some of our most famous such as australovenator (banjo) and diamantinasaurus (matilda).




 









the musical fence
winton is home to world's first permanent musical fence installation in the world. accompanied by a junkyard band, the musical fence is free and available for everyone to use.go on, grab a stick and head on down to make some music at the world’s first and only musical fence!




 









lark quarry dinosaur stampede
the dinosaur trackways at lark quarry are believed to be unique in the world in that they represent the most concentrated site and only definitive record of dinosaur stampede behaviour. the trackways are also believed to date back to the cretaceous period, 95 million years ago.




 









heritage truck & machinery museum
take a trip into transport history with a visit to winton’s heritage truck and machinery museum. view fully-restored heritage trucks, tractors and machinery.




 









willie mar's chinese garden
willie mar’s fruit and vegetable shop and market garden was the longest operating chinese market garden and shop left remaining on the edge of any western queensland town. its presence serves as a reminder of the long association chinese settlers had with the central west and the significant contribution they made to the health of communities.




 









corfield & fitzmaurice
this magnificent example of a general store is heritage listed by the national trust. opened by partners corfield and fitzmaurice in 1878, it was winton's first general store, serving people of the township and pastoral properties until 1987.




 









 



opening hours
we are open all year round, only closing for christmas day, boxing day, and new years day, so make sure you add the waltzing matilda centre to your outback experience bucketlist!











 

april - september
open 7 days a week : 9am - 5pm
public holidays : 9am - 3pm








 

october - march
monday to friday : 9am - 5pm
weekends / public holidays : 9am - 3pm
















annual report 2023-2024
support the waltzing matilda centre
waltzing matilda centre ltd is a registered deductable gift recipient (dgr) and all donations to this organisation over $2.00 are tax deductible.
please enquire about how to donate by contacting waltzing@matildacentre.com.au
or call 1300 665 115.










    contact information







 

50 elderslie street winton, qld, 4735








 

1300 665 115








 

 waltzing@matildacentre.com.au




















proudly delivered by
 
        



 







 







 







 







 







 







 































facebookinstagram
© copyright 2025  waltzing matilda centre by winton shire council
terms of useprivacy statementaccessibility

back to the top
 


















