





gke corporation limited | welcome to gke corporation limited


















































home


about gke

profile
corporate identity
board of directors
leadership
key milestones
accreditations
corporate social responsibility



our business


supply chain solutions

warehousing
freight
transportation
marine logistics
port management
chemical logistics


strategic investment

infrastructural materials & services 
agriculture





investor relations

ir home

financial information

financials
financial highlights
financial ratios
financial calendar
annual reports
sustainability reports


corporate governance

newsroom

announcements



stock information

stock fundamentals
stock quotes
insider trades
investment calculator


prospectus

information request

email alerts
ir contact
all downloads





career

career opportunites

company welfare & benefits



contact us




 










message us










submit


















a leading integrated
warehousing & logisticssolutions provideroffering one-stop, door-to-door multi-modal solutions for supply chain management






a leading integrated
warehousing & logisticssolutions provideroffering one-stop, door-to-door multi-modal solutions for supply chain management





a leading integrated
warehousing & logisticssolutions provideroffering one-stop, door-to-door multi-modal solutions for supply chain management





a leading integrated
warehousing & logisticssolutions provideroffering one-stop, door-to-door multi-modal solutions for supply chain management





a leading integrated
warehousing & logisticssolutions provideroffering one-stop, door-to-door multi-modal solutions for supply chain management





previous



next












our vision
our mission



to become one of the largest integrated warehousing and logistics solution providers in singapore.


to deliver effective solutions for our customers and generate value for our shareholders.






 latest news

















our business

the business activities of gke group of companies can be classified into two broad categories: 
warehousing & logistics and strategic investments.














our business
warehousing & logistics

gke warehousing & logistics pte ltd provides end-to-end logistics solutions and services to its customers in consumer products, manufacturing, oil & gas, electronics and retail industries. it receives cargoes at destinations, provides storage and inventory management at gke's warehouses, and delivers to designated recipients in singapore and around the world.



















our business
freight

gke freight pte ltd has a committed and responsive team that leverages on its multi-modal tranportation in sea, air and land, as well as though its network	of overseas agents, to meet the freight forwarding requirements of customers.



















our business
express logistics

gke express logistics pte ltd offers heavy haulage and handling services, out-of-gauge transportation services and specialised in project logistics management services with its own fleet of vehicles including prime movers and trailers.



















our business
marine logistics

gke marquis pte ltd is a specialty chemical storage and management specialist, capable in handling and storage of dangerous goods such as chemical products and flammable materials. it also involves industrial coating blending services and marine distribution services.



















our business
port service management

established in 2001, gke services pte ltd is one of the main contractors to the world renowned port of singapore authority (psa) providing manpower solutions in (i) psa container terminals and management; (ii) pasir panjang automobile terminal; and (iii) to selected major shipping lines on special container handling.



















our business
strategic investment

established in may 2013, wuzhou xing jian readymix concrete co., ltd is a manufacturer of ready-mix concrete situated in wuzhou city, china. its operates an automated ready-mix concrete plant and has started production since june 2016.  the company sells their product under the brand name "æ˜Ÿå»º".






















interested to join our dynamic team?
do send in your application to us
find out more













copyright © 2020 gke corporation limited. all rights reserved. 
sitemap | disclaimer
























