




institute for life coach training


 



 






























programs
resources
blog
about
contact

 search









search
×







cancel










reach new heights

we offer more than 40 advanced elective courses so your coaching practice can soar!
explore your options


/programs/all_courses






partnering with you

our staff and faculty are committed to supportingyou on your journey to become a coach.our courses are transformational and fun!
more advantages of ilct training


/about/frequently_asked_questions/#faq_620






highly acclaimed

our accreditation from the international coach federation as both a level 1 and level 2 program,as well as approval as the first training provider for the board certified coach credential is a testament to the excellence of our program.
offering you options to being credentialed


/programs/credentialing_path






becoming an ilct student

wondering if our program is right for you?still have questions?
read our faq or contact us to discuss your options.


/about/frequently_asked_questions






top training program

we’ve trained thousands of successful coaches.
learn more about our program.


/about






make a difference

the power of coaching to help people enhanceand transform their lives is incredible!
learn more about it.


/about/what_is_coaching






follow your path

with numerous paths to certification, wework closely with you to find the one thatfulfills your vision as a professional coach.
areas of specialization


/programs/specialties_path






previous



next







still have questions?


get answers to some of our most frequently asked questions.



resources for you


sign up to receive our newsletters and articles, and join our calls.



what students are saying


testimonials



current ilct discount offers


current ilct discount offers



ilct calendar


see our upcoming classes, free informational calls, and search by your specialization.








upcoming call


upcoming classes coming soon!

coaching clients in uncertain times
wellness inventory certification training
powerful questioning
change your questions, change your results
body-mind coaching tools for wellness™



discover who we are

the leading coach training program, committed to providing you with the training to become an extraordinary coach.
see more



life coach training blog






what is spiritual coaching?
more and more, coaches are being tasked with delving into spiritual themes with their clients, reflecting a broader societal discourse on spirituality as individuals grapple with the quest for personal meaning. traditionally, spirituality was interwoven into coaching specialties such as...
see more







new ilct certifications for the new year
as we move into the new year, we’re focusing on the potentials the new year brings. one of the exciting changes is we have added 2 new certifications.
see more







opportunities at ilct: ilct continues its support of us military
as a leading coach trainer, the institute for life coach training was honored to be an approved provider for the mycaa program for more than a decade, allowing spouses of qualified active military to obtain funding for training leading to...
see more




































programs
resources
blog
about
contact
terms of use
privacy policy
student policies & procedures

copyright © 2003-2023 institute for life coach training, all rights reserved.
the institute for life coach training reserves the right to alter or modify its program offerings and/or requirements at any time; to offer courses in accordance with demand, availability and business dictates; to introduce or modify certification levels; and to make other changes as necessary or desirable in their programs and activities.




















