welcome to gilead
























name: tj
home: carrboro, nc, united states
see my complete profile

contact:
welcometogilead at yahoo dot com
reality-based blogs
adventus
agitprop
americablog
atrios' eschaton
backslider's wine
bloag
bloggerradio
codpiece hagiography
corrente
dailykos
dohiyi mir
echidne of the snakes
eschacon 2005
*eschatonians*
first draft
gen. j.c. christian
hullabaloo
james wolcott
juan cole
mandate, my ass
metacomments
moment of triumph
multi medium
no capital
the otter side
powerpop
rampaging pms
rising hegemon
the rude pundit
singularity
skippy
steve gilliard
surfdork
tbogg
watertiger
we move to canada
when the music is over
world o'crap
news and media commentary
buzzflash
cursor
daily howler
froomkin
media matters
raw story
the smirking chimp
the underground femaleroad
arab women's solidarity association
association for women's rights in development
catholics for a free choice
challenging fundamentalisms
choice usa
codepink
era
feminist majority foundation
helping individual prostitutes survive
madre
naral: pro-choice america
national abortion federation
national women's law center
nat'l coalition against domestic violence
nat'l council of women's organizations
nat'l latina institute for reproductive health
now
planned parenthood
religious coalition for reproductive choice
reproductive health technologies project
safra project
women for women's human rights
women in black
women living under muslim laws
women's centre for change, penang
women's human rights net
women's global network for reproductive rights
women's learning partnership for rights, development, and peace
previous posts

      this was enough to wake me up from my post-katrina...
   

      ladies and gentlemen, i present to you
   

      no wonder we keep getting our asses handed to us
   

      building a theocracy, one state at a time
   

      you go, girl!
   

      gilead news network
   

      the cognitive dissonance corner
   

      attack of the womb worshippers
   

      no free speech in gilead
   

      this'll make you laugh
   
archives


								february 2005 


								march 2005 


								april 2005 


								may 2005 


								june 2005 


								august 2005 


								january 2006 

iraqi civilian casualties




    
	welcome to gilead
	

  

“it was after the catastrophe, when they shot the president and machine-gunned the congress and the army declared a state of emergency.
they blamed it on the islamic fanatics, at the time.”—margaret atwood, the handmaid's tale
monday, january 30, 2006

 


      this was enough to wake me up from my post-katrina despondence
      remember when we here at wtg were up  at arms about pharmacists taking it upon themselves to deny emergency contraception to women on the basis of so-called "conscience"?  remember how the ladies at feministing warned people that it would lead to health care workers being permitted to refuse to treat, for example, gays and lesbians because it would be "against their religion"?this issue isn't going away.  from the washington post:health workers' choice debatedproposals back right not to treatby rob steinwashington post staff writermonday, january 30, 2006; page a01more than a dozen states are considering new laws to protect health workers who do not want to provide care that conflicts with their personal beliefs, a surge of legislation that reflects the intensifying tension between asserting individual religious values and defending patients' rights.about half of the proposals would shield pharmacists who refuse to fill prescriptions for birth control and "morning-after" pills because they believe the drugs cause abortions. but many are far broader measures that would shelter a doctor, nurse, aide, technician or other employee who objects to any therapy. that might include in-vitro fertilization, physician-assisted suicide, embryonic stem cells and perhaps even providing treatment to gays and lesbians.don't you love how the fundies are framing this one?  health workers' choice?  but wait, there's more:at least nine states are considering "right of refusal" bills that are far broader. some would protect virtually any worker involved in health care; others would extend protection to hospitals, clinics and other health care facilities. some would protect only workers who refuse to provide certain health services, but many would be far more expansive.at least five of the broad bills would allow insurance companies to opt out of covering services they find objectionable for religious reasons. a sixth state, pennsylvania, is considering a bill designed for insurers.welcome to gilead, folks.  this is exactly what it looks like.  a nation where insurers can refuse to pay for aids treatment, where ambulance drivers can refuse to transport patients to the hospital to obtain treatment the driver opposes, where doctors can refuse to tell patients when inoculations are due because she believes the vaccine is derived from "immoral" fetal tissue harvesting, where nurses can disregard patients' express do-not-resuscitate orders, and yes, where women will have to drive two hundred miles away to fill a prescription for emergency contraception.  think i'm exaggerating?  go read the article.  those are all possible outcomes.and, this is just another reason why filibustering alito must be done.  he will rubber-stamp any of these laws that pass and are appealed to the supreme court.  without a doubt.so go visit vichy dems, and make some phone calls, people.

     - posted by tj @ 5:26 am
comments | trackback


















