 








pool service nj - clear view pools pool openings ,weekly service








































































 





home
ecofinish for pools

eco pool finish – aquabright vs traditional pool finishes
eco pool finish -aquabright vs traditonal finishes part 2


fiberglass pools

san juan fiberglass pools nj construction
san juan pools vs viking pools


swimming pool services

choosing a pool service
weekly pool maintenance
pool openings
pool closings


safety fences

pool safety fence
child safety fences for pools
swimming pool safety fence


our blog
contact
 
















pool service nj - full service pool company in new jersey specializing in pool maintenance, cleaning, and repairs 
clear view pools is a pool service company that services most of the central and southern nj area.  call (908)-788-7665  for a free estimate 








 





make a big splash with a new pool!


click for more info



 


 










 is an authorized fiberglass pool dealer!





clear view pools has provided expert pool service nj since 2003.  based in hunterdon county, nj clear view pools provides it swimming pool service to the counties of hunterdon, somerset, mercer, burlington, camden, ocean and monmouth as well as bucks county in pa.  from swimming pool maintenance to one time pool cleanings, let our pool service handle all of your service needs.  we provide pool openings and pool closings, as well as offering weekly pool maintenance service.  some of our other services include:

eco pool finish – pool plaster alternative
new pool construction
swimming pool renovations
pool leak detection
pool inspections
pool openings
pool closings
weekly pool maintenance
fiberglass pool installation and sales


custom concrete pool installation
pool safety covers sales and installation
child safety fences sales and installation
for all other pool service nj needs please give us a call at (908)788-76 65 for more information or  a free estimate  or  email us at info@clear-view-pools.com.

  clear view pools provides pool maintenance, cleaning, and pool service in new jersey





weekly pool maintenancelet clear view pools maintain your swimming pool this season, with our professional pool maintenance service.  starting at a cost of $50 weekly, you can spend more time enjoying your pool and less time maintaining it.




book your pool openingschedule your pool opening or pool closing now, with our professional pool service.  we are experienced, and trained in proper procedures and provide a range or pool service options.  swimming pool season packages are available and plans can be custom fit to your needs.




equipment repair and saleswe are a full service pool company specializing in cleaning, maintenance, equipment repair, pool openings & closings and so much more!











new pool saleslet clear view pools build you a custom shotcrete or gunite pool, or a vinyl pool.  we also install fiberglass pools from san juan pools. contact us now for our best prices of the season.




safety pool covers and repairat clear view pools we take you and your families safety seriously. let us provide you an estimate for a new pool safety cover from top manufacturers like loop-loc and merlin.  we also can repair most existing pool covers by patching or replacing cover panels




child safety fenceswe sell and install child safety fences from the leading company in child safety fences pool guard.  with a lifetime warranty and a wide variety of color options, safety fences by pool guard can’t be beat.





customer testomonialsa few of the comments that we have received over the years about our pool service.  we love to get feedback and always encourage our customers to contact us with questions or concerns




eco pool finishfinally a worth while pool plaster alternative is here.  if your pool plaster is in rough shape and it is time to get resurfaced, take a look at eco pool finish.  eco pool finish is a thermo plastic surface coating that comes in 10 designer colors.  our pool finish is ph neutral and will not “mottle” or fade in large, blotchy clouds like some pool plaster does.




pool renovationsif its time to renovate your pool give us a call.  equipment replacement and upgrades, pool resurfacing, fiberglass pool restoration are just a few of the renovations we can do.











 is an authorized fiberglass pool dealer!













sign up for special offers and updates
signup now and join our mailing list
 






we will never give away, trade or sell your email address. you can unsubscribe at any time.










 latest posts from the clear view pools blog








 

san juan fiberglass pools  – how they are constructed
posted on mar-21-2014
by clearview with 0 comments




 

swimming pool safety tips and video
posted on mar-11-2014
by clearview with 0 comments




 

searching for a pool service company
posted on mar-09-2014
by clearview with 0 comments




 

children are not waterproof
posted on jan-21-2014
by dwpoore with 0 comments



















































home
weekly pool maintenance
pool openings
pool closings
products
our blog
contact us
site map
sign up for our mailing list
 
©clear view pools | all rights reserved | website designed by depot creative



 





















