
veterinarian in virginia beach - veterinary hospital | beach pet hospital     (757) 428-3251

home 

servicespet wellness senior wellness surgical procedures laser therapy acupuncture new clients/forms
 

staffgallery veterinarians assistants technicians receptionists

      

abouttestimonials blog
 contact store                      hero        welcome to beach pet hospitalwe deliver the highest standard quality of veterinary medicine to your furry friends along with friendly and professional care. our #1 priority is to keep your pets healthy and happy throughout all stages of their lives.learn morewelcome to beach pet hospitalwe deliver the highest standard quality of veterinary medicine to your furry friends along with friendly and professional care. our #1 priority is to keep your pets healthy and happy throughout all stages of their lives.learn morectanew pet ownersnew pet ownersthe importance of good dental health cannot be stressed enough. being an aaha approved hospital, we follow their guidelines and recommendations with state of the art equipment.​​​​​​​learn moresenior wellness programsenior wellness programveterinary medicine has allowed our furry (or not so furry) friends to live longer and healthier lives, however, extending your pet’s lifespan is not without its concerns. older pets begin to develop age-related changes that can affect their health.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​learn morepet wellnesspet wellnessbeach pet offers an array of prescription medications prescribed by our veterinarians. in addition to our in-house medications, for the less common medications, we sometimes write prescriptions to be filled at local pharmacies.learn more​​​​​​​welcomeour philosophybeach pet hospital utilizes the latest technologies and most current techniques to practice the highest level of medical care possible for your pet. in addition, we emphasize pet wellness, preventative care, and client education, recognizing that all are the basis for a healthier, happier, longer life for your pet. we embrace the human-animal bond and treat and love your pet as if it were one of our own. our veterinarians and staff are here to welcome you and your pet into the beach pet family.learn moreour reviews  shana l.dr. lawrence is extremely knowledgable about canine health and nutrition. i am quite impressed with his willingness and enthusiasm to discuss at length any concerns or current research. it is clear that he is driven toward a deep understanding of his field. the office staff (especially kindra) has been great as well. i have not experienced any long waiting before being seen. very impressed and confident that i have found the best veterinary practice in the area.elizabeth m.very happy with our visit they were able to fit us in with no appointment. the facility was so clean and well kept. all the staff was really friendly and the doctor was amazing and answered all of our questions and concerns. thank you guys for all your help.nikki k.i had my first appointment today and was blown away by their practice. dr. imrich took the time to speak with me about my dog cali and conducted a thorough exam. it's been a while since i felt a vet was interested in my pets and their well-being and not the bottom line. highly recommend!    view all reviewsservicesbeach pet is aaha accreditedless than 14 percent of north american veterinary hospitals are accredited by the american animal hospital association (aaha) and beach pet hospital is proud to be a part of that elite group. aaha accreditation means that we meet strict standards for excellence in all areas of patient care, surgery, and sanitation. regular aaha evaluation, inspection, and consultations assure you of the highest quality care each and every time you trust your pet to our team of professionals.meet our team        contactsocial mediainstagram: @beachpethospitalfacebook: beach pet hospital​​​​​​​      navigationhome meet the staff gallery testimonials contact us store blog contact info address  316 n. great neck rd virginia beach, va 23454   phone (757) 428-3251  fax (757) 496-6493office hours monday: 8:00 am - 5:30 pm tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:30 pm  5:30 pm - 8:00 pm (urgent care) wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:30 pm thursday: 10:00 am - 5:30 pm  5:00 pm - 8:00 pm (urgent care) friday: 8:00 am - 5:30 pm saturday: 8:00 am - 12:00 pm sunday: 8:00 am - 12:00 pm © 2025 beach pet hospital. all rights reserved - sitemapprivacy policy  powered by:          × appointment request   at beach pet hospital , we provide the highest quality veterinary care to all our patients. schedule your appointment today.       8:00 am9:00 am10:00 am11:00 am1:00pm2:00pm3:00pm4:00pm   thank you. we will connect with you shortly. you are missing required fields. dynamic error description there was an error processing this form.           ×   thank you!we've copied your review, after you click 'publish' please paste your review by selecting 'ctrl' + 'v' into the review comments section.publish to social         dear beach pet family,our goal is to provide quality individualized medical care in a timely manner. no-shows, late shows and cancellations inconvenience those individuals who need access to veterinary care. please understand that the purpose of this is so we do not turn pets away due to an overbooked schedule, while other clients do not show for their appointment preventing us from treating an animal who desperately needs medical care. we would like to remind you of our policy regarding missed appointments. thank you for your understanding!a missed appointment is when you fail to show up for an appointment without a phone call or a 24-hour notice.a veterinary/client relationship is built on mutual trust and respect. as such, we strive to be on time for your scheduled appointments and ask that you give us a call when you are unable to keep your appointment. as a courtesy, we provide reminder text messages and calls prior to your appointment. our missed appointment policies are outlined below.cancellation of an appointment:in order to be respectful of the medical needs of other patients, please be courteous and call our office promptly if you are unable to show up for an appointment. this time will be reallocated to someone whose pet is in need of treatment. if it is necessary to cancel your scheduled appointment, we require that you call at least 24 hours in advance. appointments are in high demand, and your early cancellation will allow another patient access to timely veterinary care.how to cancel your appointment:to cancel your appointment, please call our office at 757-428-3251. if you do not reach the receptionist, you may leave a detailed message on our voice mail. if you would like to reschedule your appointment, please leave your name and phone number and we will return your call promptly.late cancellations:a cancellation is considered to be late when the appointment is canceled without a 24-hour advance notice.appointment no show policy:a “no-show” is a client who misses an appointment without canceling it. failure to be present at the time of a scheduled appointment will be recorded in the client’s chart as a “no-show”. this includes arriving 15 minutes after your scheduled appointment. the first time there is a “no-show” or late cancellation there will be an exam fee charged to the client's account.please understand this policy is to ensure your pet gets the help he/she needs in a timely manner. thank you for your cooperation and understanding!dear clients,please understand that we receive over a hundred refill requests each day. requests take the time of our doctors and support staff to approve, invoice, and fill each medication. for this reason we ask that you allow us 48 hours to fill your pet's medication, and that you pick up your pet's medication within 2 weeks of it being filled. medications that are not picked up take staff time to return to stock and remove that balance from the client's account. due to an overwhelming amount of medications not being picked up, we will now be leaving a $10 restock fee if your pet's medication is not picked up within 2 weeks of being filled. please understand medications have expiration dates and we risk losing product costs if not picked up. thank you for your understanding!  close     a30master none 8:00 am - 5:30 pm 8:00 am - 5:30 pm  5:30 pm - 8:00 pm (urgent care) 8:00 am - 5:30 pm 10:00 am - 5:30 pm  5:00 pm - 8:00 pm (urgent care) 8:00 am - 5:30 pm 8:00 am - 12:00 pm 8:00 am - 12:00 pm veterinarian # # #      × login        forgot password? or   sign in with facebook sign in with google                looking to create an account ?   already have an account? login         × save search                   × saved searches                 × modal title   one fine body…   close save changes        × update profile       email     name     password     confirm password              
