






















mpn research foundation – research foundation funding mpn research

























































		skip to content	






































search for...






 




















research

research impact
mpn challenge™
mpn roundtable™
progression research network
patient-focused drug development
2022 thrive initiative
mpn interferon initiative
apply for research funding


patients & caregivers

mpn clinical trials
patient & caregiver stories
patient & caregiver resources
living with an mpn
find support
mpn pathways training series


understanding mpns

essential thrombocythemia (et)
polycythemia vera (pv)
myelofibrosis (mf)
30 facts about mpns
glossary


support us

donate for rare disease month
make a donation
make an impact
other ways to give
create your own fundraiser


about mpnrf

our mission & history
board of directors
scientific advisory board
patient impact council
our team
news & articles
newsletters
our partners







donate






join community








please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


 





 



 












help make a difference this rare disease month! 








give today >



























driving groundbreaking 
research. improving lives.  
							mpn research foundation is dedicated to funding and advancing original research in pursuit of new treatments — and eventually cures — for essential thrombocythemia (et), polycythemia vera (pv), and myelofibrosis (mf), blood cancers that are known collectively as myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpns).  
							
about us 
							 


























as the global organization focused on advancing research, we facilitate a collaborative approach to research. 
										elevating the patient
voice in research 
and drug development  
										
bringing 
disease experts together 
										
accelerating industry understanding of extremely complex group of diseases

 



















 








									celebrating the discovery of mutated calr 



mpn research foundation is proud to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the identification of calr as a common driver of mpns. we funded early work that discovered this mpn driver mutation. learn more > 












									mpnrf by the numbers								







 




total donated dollars invested in research 
$
0
m










 




researchers supported 

0











 




countries with supported research 

0











 




projects funded 

0



















what is essential thrombocythemia(et)? 



essential thrombocythemia (et)
most commonly diagnosed in women over the age of 50, et is associated with a proliferation of platelet precursors in the bone marrow and complications frequently include blood clotting and/or bleeding.
learn more about et 







what ispolycythemia vera(pv)? 



polycythemia
vera (pv)
the disease is most common in men over the age of 60, but anyone can develop pv. pv patients typically experience an elevated red blood cell count, an elevated platelet count and an enlarged spleen, especially over time.
learn more about pv 







what is myelofibrosis(mf)? 



myelofibrosis (mf)
mf is a chronic blood cancer in which excessive scar tissue forms in the bone marrow and impairs its ability to produce normal blood cells.
learn more about mf 











patients, clinicians, researchers, and the biotech and pharma industries all have critical roles to play in advancing mpn research and are all important members of the mpnrf community.connect with us to be part of our coordinated effort to find new treatments — and eventually cures — for mpns. 


















 



patientsand
caregivers 



every patient experience is unique and provides new clues for researchers and clinicians. 






share your story










clinical trial finder











 



researchers
and
clinicians 



in our 24-year history, mpnrf has contributed to some of the most influential mpn research discoveries. 






clinician resources










apply for funding











 



industry andbiopharma
 



engage with us to ensure that new therapies have the maximum impact on patient outcomes and quality of life. 






mpn roundtable™







download our voice of the patient report 






download


























 







ready to do more?julie and her family joined team mpn and created hikemf to join the fight against mpns. 






get involved now















stay connected 







 







invest in mpn researchyour investment supports doctors and researchers around the world who are dedicated to finding cures for mpns. invest now 















join the community
be the first to know about the latest news and advancements for et, pv, and mf. sign up to receive our newsletters and alerts. 






subscribe today























recent news 



  



trouble in the neighborhood: how one type of chromosome abnormality is more common than previously thought

mpn news | january 27, 2025


trouble in the neighborhood: how one type of chromosome abnormality is more common than previously thought a recent study by dr. vesna najfeld and her team brings fresh insights into myelofibrosis (mf), a type of myeloproliferative neoplasm (mpn). their work highlights the importance of closely tracking genetic changes over time and suggests that changes around… read more »trouble in the neighborhood: how one type of chromosome abnormality is more common than previously thought

read more




a wedding with a cause: how adam and jenny transformed tradition into purpose 

mpn news | january 27, 2025


a wedding with a cause: how adam and jenny transformed tradition into purpose when jenny applequist was diagnosed with a myeloproliferative neoplasm (mpn) in 2019, it marked the beginning of a transformative journey. “i felt a flood of emotions when i was first diagnosed,” jenny shared. “i was still in denial for years.” over time,… read more »a wedding with a cause: how adam and jenny transformed tradition into purpose 

read more




dr. anandi krishnan, phd research profile

mpn news | january 27, 2025


profile: dr. anandi krishnan, phdrutgers university dr. anandi krishnan: a pioneer in collaborative mpn research  dr. anandi krishnan, phd, believes that meaningful scientific breakthroughs don’t happen in isolation. in an academic world where scientific discovery often feels siloed, dr. anandi krishnan’s new laboratory in the department of biomedical engineering at rutgers university operates like a bustling… read more »dr. anandi krishnan, phd research profile

read more

























site map





research
patients & caregivers
understanding mpns
support us
about mpnrf
financials
neutrality policy
privacy policy
use of cookies
 








contact us




mpn research foundationpo box 2690carol stream, il 60132- 2690773-977-7216







contact us










donate online











our mission




mpn research foundation has a single goal: to stimulate original research in pursuit of new treatments — and eventually a cure — for polycythemia vera, essential thrombocythemia, and myelofibrosis, known collectively as myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpns).mpn research foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit with tax id number 36-4330967.


































									© copyright 2025. all rights reserved. mpn research foundation						
								























 

















hiddennext steps: sync an email add-onto get the most out of your form, we suggest that you sync this form with an email add-on. to learn more about your email add-on options, visit the following page (https://www.gravityforms.com/the-8-best-email-plugins-for-wordpress-in-2020/). important: delete this tip before you publish the form.first name(required) last name(required) email(required)


enter email



confirm email


mpn patient?

yes


no
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.


































stay informed about mpn research & news! 



join our community to get the latest research, patient stories, and exclusive content delivered right to your inbox. plus, when you subscribe, receive the latest nccn guidelines and resources to support your journey. 













subscribe now







join over 20,000 subscribers. unsubscribe anytime. 






























































