

catawissa railroad company













 


book your reservation early for 2024
click below
reservations form   
with the caboose being a preserved historical restoration, we apologize the caboose is not handicap accessible.
 
it would be extraordinarily difficult to retrofit an 60 - 80 year old heavy steel caboose to be handicap accessible -- the doors are small, the platform is small, it's crowded inside, there is a ladder up to the cupola and access from the ground outside is actually by climbing a ladder up to the platform -- that is how they were built years ago, in order to fit on the rails.
 

click the link below for whistle stop fence
http://www.whistlestopfence.com/
2024 update 


 









  
keeping local railroad history alive in any small town is very expensive, hard work & fun  




 



 

 
channel 16 news story on the cabooses very interesting
click on the link below 


caboose collection in columbia county - on the pennsylvania road | wnep.com



we are just minutes from  knoebel's amusement in elysburg.
						free admission, free parking, free picnicking and free entertainment.
						the pioneer tunnel mine tour is within 35  minutes.
 
 
make your reservation early for the 2022 season (april to october).
walter gosciminski  (owner)
						any questions you can email  at
email



 

 
where the heck is catawissa
 


"preserving our local railroad heritage since 1979"
 

bring your camera & children they will love it. all the cabooses are displayed outside for great picture taking. 

 

no admission charge (free to the public to visit).

 

 we have 14 cabooses that has been completely restored and painted in authentic company colors

 

you can look back on the days when cabooses were common on railroads across north america.

 

in the early days of railroading, each crew was assigned its own caboose, which served as home for days at a time.
						they could watch the cars ahead, sleep, cook and eat their meals. it was a place where the conductor and rear brakeman would do their paperwork.



 

 
 
 

						 
 
keeping local railroad history alive in any small town is very expensive, hard work & fun  
 

 
2000 photo 
 
last year i had a  bird's eye view, when i was finishing the upper deck on the station, i saw three locomotives pulling the mile-long ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus train, with four circus cars hauling animals.
						this line to sunbury, penn., (wilkes-barre to sunbury) was an old pennsy line and came to the d&h on april 1, 1976. the delaware and  hudson is presently owned by canadian pacific railway.  
 
opening night of the ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus at the wachovia arena was on wednesday, june 1, 2005  
 
 
 

 
 
update: we built 4 enclosed picnic shelters 12x16 next to each caboose and one large 10x20.
 
 
great         vacation
caboose lodging in   pennsylvania
retreat from the noise, the concerns, the hustle and bustle of the city. 
 
my younger days
 

 
our 14 railroad cabooses are next to the scenic susquehanna river
						 
 

						have breakfast, lunch or dinner in our 1910 train station, open all year. 
 
if you like the outdoors you will love our location here at the catawissa railway
						 the perfect get-away with family and friends, 8 cabooses available.

						 
 

 
"your destination for family fun"
						treat yourself to a fresh, fun weekend away.
our season is april to october / caboose rental
kids love trains!

update            june 07, 2003
we just finished  8 of our 14 cabooses, with tv/vcr no cable/, free movies, electricity, running water,  bathrooms and  3 with showers. 
						our private his & her bathrooms includes two large 42"x42" neo-angle shower
						also our penn central caboose has a large neo-angle shower. 
note:  remember to bring your own bath towels, shampoo and soap 
 
on our     reservations form  page you can see photos of each caboose inside and outside

 
 
 
 


make your reservations early. each year our rentals double. 
						family & friends are returning, renting up to eight cabooses a day!
						advance reservations are highly recommended particularly during the summer. why not make yours today? 
 

plan ahead. if you're considering a friday or saturday stay in the next week or so, we might still have something available, but keep in mind that we often fill up friday and saturday night reservations as much as six weeks in advance. weekday nights are usually a little easier to get on shorter notice. but if you want to get a specific room on a specific night, try to plan as far ahead as you possibly can, just to be sure.  
 
(closed during the winter months) 
 
take a look at what our guests have to say about staying at our caboose lodge   

reservations form   
 
great nearby places to visit 
 
if you like the outdoors, camping, fishing, biking, etc.
						  we are just minutes from knoebel's amusement in elysburg. old fashioned family fun. knoebels amusement resort is a great place for families. admission to the park is free. also available are free picnic facilities, offers free parking. the park has a swimming pool and waterslide. called the crystal pool, it's open memorial day through labor day. knoebel’s is a wonderful park with something for everyone. they also have a great assortment of coasters and other grown up rides.  50 + rides. total distance: 7.71 miles
						   you may also want to visit. the bloomsburg fair, the largest in the state, late september. total distance: 5.00 miles
						   also the only national park solely dedicated to railroad history, steamtown national historic site in scranton. it is a museum dedicated to the history of trains. total distance: 69.25 miles 




 
bird's eye view of the cabooses
			you can even see driving directions with real images
 
 









<








/p>   
















 








home
our caboose information
									and rates
lots of inside photos

take a visual tour of the real thing!
click here for index



 
we are near bloomsburg, danville, berwick, harrisburg, sunbury, williamsport, reading, milton, lewisburg. also we are close to knoebel's park one of the best family entertainment around. knoebels coaster, the phoenix one of the top 10 coasters in the world! train ride.  knoebel's amusement park in elysburg, pennsylvania. this exciting family destination is one of the largest free-admission parks in the country. + bloomsburg fair, held annually in september/october, pennsylvania's biggest fair.
 

2005 
									park group again names knoebels top family spot
elysburg — knoebels amusement park and resort was voted "best park for families" by members of the national amusement park historical association (napha).
knoebels beat out walt disney world and other parks from across the country for the honor, according to a napha press release.
the local park has been voted the top spot for families since 1999.
in other categories:
 the phoenix roller coaster was voted "favorite wooden coaster" by group members for the second time in three years.
 knoebels tied for "favorite traditional park" with kennywood, which is located near pittsburgh.
 the park tied for second in the "most beautiful park" category; a park in the netherlands was also voted second. the top choice was busch gardens in williamsburg, va.
napha is the country's largest amusement park enthusiast organization. the results were from its 19th annual amusement parks and attractions survey.

 






 
 
 




reservations form 
									for your convenience, we have created this simple email form 
we are only a stone throw away from knoebels amusement resort in elysburg, pa & the bloomsburg fair
any questions you can email  at
click here

 information on our rentals: lots of photos
      



 
  bird's eye view of the cabooses


 
   reservations form    for your convenience, we have created this simple email form + inside photos of each caboose 


 
   inside caboose photos  here's a sneak peek of the inside of the caboose ... 


 
   new for 2004   our family camping picnic area


 
 take a look at what our guests have to say about staying at our caboose lodge


 
    caboose rates      .rate $95 to $160.00 a day  + tax  


 
   our new caboose / 1944 new york central # 20137 the ultimate caboose we supply everything  


 
   our office + map  driving directions


 
   caboose list    14 cabooses on display


 
  our new addition davenport steam engine


 
have breakfast, lunch or dinner in our 1910 train station


 
   visitors guide     list our area attractions


 
  gift certificate form      for your convenience, we have created this simple email form 



 

update            june 07, 2003
6 of our 14 cabooses have bathrooms, 5 with showers
 
 


award winning site!

									june 21, 1999
 
 
gift certificate form   
 


great railroad caboose video 
price 
total only $60.00 includes shipping
(2 hours)
 




  
"what our guests have to say about staying in our caboose"
 
we have been lucky enough to have great guests over the years. here is a collection of some of their thoughts. it includes input from honeymooners, families and singles, railroad lovers, train watchers, fishermen and naturalists. they express what it's like better than we ever could.
  
take a look at what our guests have to say about staying at our caboose lodge




 

 

 





