     volkswagen dealer in orchard park, ny | new and used volkswagen dealership in orchard park. ny | volkswagen of orchard park                                                                             volkswagen of orchard park          3524 southwestern blvd, orchard park, ny 14127       service 716-412-8549   sales 716-412-2334                                  schedule service        contact        map        service                         volkswagen of orchard park             call 716-412-2334    directions   service           customer reviews                      search all inventory   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   vw orchard park express buy   reserve now   electric concept vehicles   volkswagen college grad      used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials    manager specials   new volkswagen specials in orchard park ny   service specials in orchard park ny   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives   college grad bonus program   volkswagen partner program     service   schedule service   service specials in orchard park ny   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care maintenance plans   maintenance menu   tire store   accessorize my vw   accessories   parts   service credit card   volkswagen care menu maintenance   vw service financing   tire store     parts   parts   volkswagen accessories   accessorize my vw   drivergear     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   vehicle protection plans     about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   contact us   customer reviews                     home   search all inventory   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   vw orchard park express buy   reserve now   electric concept vehicles   volkswagen college grad      used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials    manager specials   new volkswagen specials in orchard park ny   service specials in orchard park ny   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives   college grad bonus program   volkswagen partner program     service   schedule service   service specials in orchard park ny   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care maintenance plans   maintenance menu   tire store   accessorize my vw   accessories   parts   service credit card   volkswagen care menu maintenance   vw service financing   tire store     parts   parts   volkswagen accessories   accessorize my vw   drivergear     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   vehicle protection plans     about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   contact us   customer reviews           














    

      learn more          learn more          learn more          learn more          learn more          learn more                                                                         














     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         
















schedule service
schedule now










special offers
view specials










financing
get pre-approved







     search new inventory     search used inventory            our models  see our full lineup of new vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suv   sedan   bus           atlas        atlas cross sport        tiguan        taos            jetta        jetta gli         golf r        golf gti            id.buzz         explore all new inventory   
     


explore financing
if you're interested in a new or certified pre-owned vw, you've come to the right place. apply now and get pre-approved in just a few minutes. additionally, we provide you with a payment calculator to estimate your buying power and monthly payments.
get pre-approved





     





the future of electric is here
2023 volkswagen id.4 suv is truly something to behold. with a striking, aerodynamic road presence and a spacious, comfortable interior, it'll transform how you think about electric cars. 
search inventory


      





service department
we made your volkswagen the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. our technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service







       


volkswagen of orchard park
welcome to volkswagen of orchard park, your family-owned, award-winning dealership near buffalo and west seneca since 1995. whether you're shopping around for a new or preowned passat, jetta, tiguan, atlas, atlas cross sport, taos or other popular model, volkswagen of orchard park has the selection you need in a range of colors and trims.
more about us





     
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    

visit us


3524 southwestern blvd, orchard park, ny 14127



                      





          buy your next car from volkswagen of orchard park at volkswagen of orchard park, buying or leasing that new volkswagen is just the beginning. from sales to service, we take pride in achieving complete customer satisfaction for our local volkswagen enthusiasts, and we invite you to experience for yourself what sets our dealership apart from the rest.   shop the premier volkswagen dealership in western new york volkswagen of orchard park received the wolfsburg crest award, the most prestigious award given to volkswagen dealerships. it symbolizes the commitment we have to our customers, so you can trust you're shopping with one of the most reputable volkswagen dealerships in the region. we understand that your time is valuable, which is why we've made our website as user-friendly as possible. use our website to view our entire inventory, including our new volkswagen vehicles as well as worldauto certified preowned vehicles, get a quote, value your trade, review special offers, and compare your options. you can even view our dealer specials, which include information on our college graduate and volkswagen partner programs. finance your new or preowned volkswagen at orchard park shopping around for your favorite model is the fun part; financing your new vehicle is the aspect of car-buying many customers dread. but at volkswagen of orchard park, we've streamlined the process to get you into that new volkswagen with less hassle. review and fill out our online credit application to get preapproved for an auto loan before you even step foot on the lot. we also offer a variety of online tools to help you budget your new purchase, including a monthly payment calculator and a form that can help you decide between buying and leasing your next vehicle.    we welcome you to stop by the dealership and speak with our friendly finance team in person. regardless of your current credit situation, we work with a variety of lenders and have access to the financing solutions you need. become part of the volkswagen family our customers enjoy a long-term relationship with our dealership thanks to our state-of-the-art service facility that features the latest diagnostic and repair equipment available. we staff only the best factory-trained technicians who know how to deliver the most efficient and quality vehicle care. with extended hours and saturday service, there's always a convenient time to have your volkswagen maintained to its factory-standard condition. in addition to our premier service center, we also maintain a parts department stocked with genuine volkswagen parts. if you'd like to customize your vehicle with high-quality parts or accessories, we have the certified products you need. stop by volkswagen of orchard park to see for yourself what makes our dealership one of the best in the business. we'd love to welcome you into the family.                   copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | volkswagen of orchard park | 3524 southwestern blvd, orchard park, ny 14127 | sales: 716-412-2334             






















          