







rise 2 realize institute

























































0









        skip to content
      



























        about
      



        events
      



        resources
      



        contact
      









login
account








                    donate
                  






open menu
close menu




























        about
      



        events
      



        resources
      



        contact
      









login
account








                    donate
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  about
                





                  events
                





                  resources
                





                  contact
                





login
account





                donate
              



















toward a better, healthier and happier life




    embark on your journey today
  














3 paths of personal growth



we are a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to provide educational services to share tools and techniques for mental and emotional wellness. based on our research over the last 15 years, working with over 6,000 clients, we have realized that to achieve a better, healthier and happier life, one must travel through 3 distinct paths of personal growth: path 1: emotional mastery for true happinesswe live in a fight-or-flight survival state without having any control over our reactions. through practicing emotional mastery, we could lessen our mental, emotional and physical pain, and eventually achieve true happiness.path 2: journey within for self-realizationonce we release our fears and desires through emotional mastery, we gain inner strength to awaken our true essence, our real self, who consciously steers us toward our calling to create a joyful and fulfilling life. path 3: practice of surrender for enlightenmentour real self carries out our life’s purpose, executing on bringing our calling to its highest potential, which results in complete contentment in life, helping us detach ourselves from the pursuit of personal gains. 


























the path to true happiness



95% of the time, you live in suffering stage, displaying automatic fight-or-flight defense mechanisms. to rise above your defensiveness, you need to regulate your emotional reactions and learn to respond to trigger events with more conscious strategies.we have designed our free 5-week emotional mastery workshop to guide you through this process of transcending your ego by decoding your subconscious programming and breaking free from your negative drama cycles. 




    emotional mastery workshop
  














the path to self-realizationonce you transcend the suffering stage, you sense deep down that it’s time for you to embark on a deeper self-discovery journey to become your real self, who can only find joy and fulfillment in being service to others. 



now, close your eyes and imagine your real self in charge of your life, and naturally experience the following:your work is fully aligned with your true essence and your heart valuesyou receive joy & satisfaction from what you love doing everydayyour creativity blossoms with newly discovered innate gifts and talentsyou are engaged with people to help them rise aboveyou get plenty of opportunities to grow personally and spiritually



we designed our free 7-week the art of mentoring workshop for therapists, life coaches, teachers, leaders, managers and parents to guide them through a 7 core competency framework on how to most effectively be service to others and take part if their personal transformation journey. 




    the art of mentoring workshop
  














why join rise 2 realize institute programs?



we have developed our approach to personal growth over the last 15 years, working with over six thousand clients. we provide practical tools and techniques in our free programs to help you:achieve true happiness in your relationships through our 5-step emotional mastery power methodcommunicate effectively through our 7 effective communication strategieslead a life of service and positive influence through our 7 core competencies 



emel mutlu, a rise 2 realize life coach



we designed our free monthly meditation circles to introduce you to some of our fundamental tools that help us achieve sharper mental focus and unyielding emotional balance. 




    free monthly meditation circles
  





































what others experience















"every area of my life has completely transformed and improved because of arda's 5-step power method. i feel more confident and comfortable in my own skin. as a result, my relationships are more joyful and fulfilling, and i know now what i want to pursue as my professional path."
hana r.











"the power method is an incredible mindfulness practice that will truly transform your mindset, and your general happiness with life. my life is so much more enjoyable, fulfilling, and stress free, since i started using the techniques. these mindfulness teachings can actually help everybody!"
tarun k.











"until i started working with the power method, i had never understood why i was constantly feeling stuck and in such emotional pain. as a result, i can observe my actions, and stay grounded to overcome triggers. these days, i notice more how beautiful and green the trees are! now, life has hope!"
alice b.











"the tools and techniques within the power method offer so many ways to help someone rise above their limiting beliefs and feel empowered to take actions. arda’s books, workshops, and coaching sessions are incredibly effective. my life is enriched by accessing them everyday."
lisa i.











"if you’re seeking personal growth, arda’s book will be your guidebook throughout your journey, no matter where you are in your life, alone or with someone, happy or sad, filled or unfulfilled. i recommend reading it slowly, taking a moment to reflect after every paragraph to fully digest."
gio r.











"arda's work not only changes lives, but shifts lineages, cultures, and social structures. in this time, there is a need for people who are grounded in something real. his method is very real! it cuts to the core of what ails you, and turns into a fast transformation that becomes a raw and beautiful dance."
dionne d.











"through the work i’ve done with arda and his power method, i am more free, more happy, and able to live life in alignment with my inner guidance. if you feel stuck, lonely, confused, frustrated, sad, human, rise 2 realize coaching approach can help you break through to authenticity and true connection."
danielle y.











"working with arda has been empowering, meaningful and impactful in many areas of my life. his methods are both practical and very unique. if you're looking for an approach that's integrative, customized and leverages both western philosophy and eastern methodologies, this is the one!"
jared f.











"about 5 years ago, i was feeling lost, down and out of control in my emotions and life. on the surface everything was great, but i was wanting more from life. after attending arda’s workshop, my outlook changed. for the first time in my life, i could see and feel a shift in my mind. it was just the beginning!"
nidhi r.











"when i started using the power method, not only did i see a shift in my happiness, but my family did as well. i realized over and over again that no matter what i’m struggling with, these tools will help me. i now understand myself better, i love myself, i am just better than i ever thought i would be. "
danielle g.











"i have learned so much about what it means to be human and how to be my true self every day. as a result, i'm better able to show up for others and express myself authentically. his method is very different from conventional therapy, but it's the most effective method i've ever encountered in my life!"
candice h.











"breathing techniques, meditation, communications skills, productivity hacks and more gave me the support i needed. more importantly, i saw dramatic improvements in my work and home life. even got a glowing review at work where my boss noted my positive changes."
rodney h.











"arda’s power method has changed my life! i feel a big difference in my work, marriage, parenting style, and family interactions. most life coaches and therapists only scratch the surface and require never-ending engagements. with this method, i started to feel a transformation in 5 sessions. "
jon s.











"using the power method, i can now recognize my harmful patterns & know how to deal with them. i feel that i approach life with a new sense of openness, honesty, and truth. after every session, i come away with new wisdom. this work is great for someone who is feeling unhappy or stuck in life."
julia d.











"after years of self-sabotaging my relationships, the universe brought me to arda. with his guidance, i have conquered my life-long battle with anxiety & released  fears that were holding me back. i have seen improvements in my mental health, relationships, career. the list goes on."
sara m.







































































about the founder



before arda founded the rise 2 realize institute, he has worked with more than 6,000 clients as their spiritual mentor, relationship coach and personal growth guide. during his coaching practice, he has developed the 5-step power method and its 7 communication strategies.arda is a former finance executive in silicon valley. at the top of his career, arda started experiencing chronic health issues, including depression and anxiety. instead of running to drugs to medicate himself, he embarked on a journey of self-discovery to understand where his physical, mental and emotional suffering was coming from.his quest for healing led him to a series of explorations in mindfulness practices and ancient spiritual teachings, which guided him to discover his calling to help people rise in consciousness to realize a better, healthier and happier life.in february 2011, arda left the corporate world to pursue his coaching practice where he shares his unique, practical and transformational teachings in individuals and couples sessions as well as with groups through various free classes, workshops, webinars and retreats.


























you’re invited: free emotional mastery for relationships workshop!



join our free 5-week workshop to create drama-free relationships in a month!



when:  5 wednesdays, starting january 15th, 2025time:  6 - 7pm pacific timewhere:  in-person in los altos + over zoomfee:  free of charge




    sign up today
  


























amazing opportunity to embark on your personal growth journey



our state-of-the-art programs are designed to empower you with tools and techniques to create a life of your dreams where you get to fully express your authentic self and have a joyful,  successful, fulfilling and meaningful life!




    view upcoming events
  








































follow us


















































copyright ©  rise 2 realize instituterise 2 realize institute is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, ein no. 33-1938005

linksabouteventsresourcescontact



address745 distel dr. ste 110los altos, ca 94022



contact(650) 479-1741info@r2r.org



terms of use | disclaimer | privacy policy












