







welcome to corgi-l! - corgi-l

































skip to content 



corgi-l

the official corgi-l home page
 




menu 
faq

how do i subscribe to corgi-l?
how do i post a message to corgi-l?
why am i not getting corgi-l?
how do change my corgi-l email address?
how do i access the corgi-l archive?
how do i send pictures to the list?
how do i leave corgi-l?


subscription

who do i ask if i have questions about my subscription?
why am i not getting corgi-l?
why did my corgi-l subscription options change?
how do i switch to individual message format?


how do i…

… subscribe to corgi-l?
… post a message to corgi-l?
… change my corgi-l email address?
… access the corgi-l archive?
… send pictures to the list?
… go “nomail” while away?
… leave corgi-l?
… switch to digest format?
more how do i …


rules

the nature of the list
corgi-l rules and usage guidelines
why is corgi-l moderated?
why are animal rights discussions prohibited on the list?


corgis!

cardigans

an overview: the cardigan
cardigan faq
finding a cardigan breeder
cardigan rescue
cardigan clubs
cardigan standard


pembrokes

an overview: the pembroke
pembroke faq
finding a pembroke breeder
pembroke rescue
pembroke clubs
pembroke standard


the rainbow bridge


administration

who are the moderators?
why does it take so long for my post to be approved?
about corgiaid


glossary
photo gallery
 








welcome to corgi-l! 

helen
corgi-l: the oldest and largest internet email discussion list for owners and lovers of corgis. it is devoted to two enchanting, funny, thoroughly endearing dog breeds — the pembroke welsh corgi and the cardigan welsh corgi.
important january 2022: corgi-l is in the process of moving list providers. some of the information on this site might be out of date as a result. please feel free to reach out to the corgi-l admin team if you have any questions: admin@corgil.groups.io. check this post for the latest information — we’ll try to keep it as up to date as possible during the transition.
corgi-l is now also on facebook! check out our post to find out where, how to get access, and “da rules”. (and, no, the email discussion is not going away. 🙂 ).
corgis are big dogs in small dog suits. these breeds are the smallest members of the akc herding group. both corgi breeds make smart, friendly, and exceptionally people-oriented pets — they also excel in obedience, agility, herding, tracking, conformation, flyball, and just about every other imaginable dog event because of their natural intelligence, energy, and drive. however, these same qualities can make a corgi a challenging pet for a first-time owner!
if you are considering a corgi as a pet, please use the resources on this website and corgi-l list discussions to help decide whether a corgi is the right dog for you!











					© 2025 corgi-l				








