















modesto, ca | official website









  















skip to main content























 










       





 
 












search







 
 
 


    government      community      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 















city of modesto receives final funding needed for 7th street village 


the city of modesto is excited to announce the receipt of additional funding needed to move forward on the 7th street village affordable housing development project in collaboration with visionary home builders of california, inc.						read on...







city of modesto receives three helen putnam awards for excellence 


presented by the league of california cities, these awards recognize the outstanding contributions of city governments delivering innovative and effective programs enhancing the quality of life for residents.						read on...







dignity village: a community collaboration on a transformative supportive housing project 


dignity village demonstrates how collaboration between local government, service providers, and community organizations can create meaningful solutions to homelessness.						read on...







city of modesto wins two anthem awards for the camp2home documentary 


the city of modesto is honored to win two awards in the 4th annual anthem awards: a gold award for diversity, equity, & inclusion in community engagement and a bronze award in diversity, equity, & inclusion in public service.						read on...







city of modesto bond rating upgrades: signals financial strength and stability 


a stable outlook, and a bond rating upgrade, was assigned to the city of modesto which reflects the city’s commitment to strong financial management principles.						read on...







september 2024 city managers update 


what's new in modesto.  check out the september 2024 city manager's update.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














measure hprojects & information








online bill paymake payments online










 
 














gomodesto!report a concern








agendas & minutesstay up to date










 
 














employmentcareer opportunities








police reportsreport a non-emergency










 
 
 


























 














popular links
 






  
 
 














utility billing



activity guide



business licensing









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 














city council



election information



rentals & reservations









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 














garbage & recycling



permits & zoning



modesto gis









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news room
 






  
 
 















homeowner repair assistance program and housing rehabilitation loan committee 


there are currently four vacancies for members and one vacancy for an alternate member on the housing rehabilitation loan committee.						read on...







city of modesto upgrades eprocurement process with opengov 


the city of modesto has launched a new online portal for vendors to submit bids, powered by opengov.						read on...







do you know your flood risk? 


the city of modesto and fema are working to mitigate flood risk in your community.  join us for a public meeting to learn more about your flood risk, and how you can better protect your home.						read on...







modesto launches a survey for input on housing and community development 


you are invited to participate in the process of developing the city of modesto’s next five-year consolidated plan related to housing and community development programs.						read on...







city of modesto receives final funding needed for 7th street village 


the city of modesto is excited to announce the receipt of additional funding needed to move forward on the 7th street village affordable housing development project in collaboration with visionary home builders of california, inc.						read on...







community meeting for the briggsmore ave./carpenter rd. project 


learn about the project, its scope and objectives, and potential roadway improvements being considered for the briggsmore avenue/carpenter road interchange.						read on...







city of modesto seeks one member to join the audit committee 


community starts with you!  this is an opportunity for active participation in the financial oversight that supports your lives, your families, and your community.						read on...







dignity village: a community collaboration on a transformative supportive housing project 


dignity village demonstrates how collaboration between local government, service providers, and community organizations can create meaningful solutions to homelessness.						read on...







city of modesto wins two anthem awards for the camp2home documentary 


the city of modesto is honored to win two awards in the 4th annual anthem awards: a gold award for diversity, equity, & inclusion in community engagement and a bronze award in diversity, equity, & inclusion in public service.						read on...







city of modesto bond rating upgrades: signals financial strength and stability 


a stable outlook, and a bond rating upgrade, was assigned to the city of modesto which reflects the city’s commitment to strong financial management principles.						read on...







heads up, modesto! the gomodesto! app just got an upgrade. 


heads up, gomodesto! users. the gomodesto! app got an upgrade.						read on...







city council approves collaboration with valley first credit union on small business loans 


the city of modesto's collaboration with valley first credit union to offer small business loans represents a significant step towards addressing the financial barriers that have historically impeded our local businesses.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 

 














calendar
 






  
 
 









february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1









/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 











feb
24	


finance committee







feb
25	


city council meeting







mar
1	


modesto mo' beautiful drive-up drop-off 





view all calendars




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 














stay connected
 






  
 
 








 
 








 
 







current job listings





fleet manager

ready to take your fleet management career to the next level? we’re looking for a skilled fleet operations manager with 5+ years of experience in overseeing the purchase, maintenance, and replacement of heavy trucks, equipment, and vehicles. if...
		


operations crewleader - forestry

do you have journey level experience performing construction and maintenance work in urban forestry? are you a dynamic team leader? check out this opportunity to join our growing forestry team within our public works...
		


police animal control officer i/ii

class specifications are intended to present a descriptive list of the range of duties performed by employees in the class. specifications are not intended to reflect all...
		
 




/calendar.aspx


 
 
 



 







contact us







1010 10th street


modesto, ca 95354


mailing:


p.o. box 642


modesto, ca 95353


phone: 209-577-5200
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







ada related assistance



birth or death certificate



bulky item pick up



city tree service



how to use gomodesto!



park maintenance



proclamation request



public records









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



accessibility



privacy



copyright notices



city contacts









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 

 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



 














back to top










 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









