



massage continuing education | massage ceu - health positive









  






search
 







cart

there are no items in your cart.











find a course
approvals & requirements
specials
articles
free newsletter
online course login 












the one-stop source for all your massage ce needs
with over 150 massage home study ce courses, health positive offers you the most diverse and highest quality courses to meet your massage ce needs conveniently and affordably.

 browse all courses
view all our courses in one big list and choose the right ones for you.

 approvals & requirements
find out which courses are accepted by your state or organization.











find the right course for you

tip: ctrl + click to select multiple items.



state

alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming






organization

amta
abmp
ncbtmb

e.g. ncbtmb, amta




category

florida "live" courses
most popular
new courses!
completely online options
courses with shipped materials
video (course includes video)
license/certificate requirements
acupressure
anatomy
animal massage
aromatherapy
article-based courses
assessment
bioenergetic healing
cancer
chair massage
closed captioned options
cranial-sacral
cupping
deep tissue
diversity
eastern techniques
energy healing
ethics
florida massage ce packages
fibromyalgia and massage
geriatric massage
hiv/aids
hospice
infant/child massage
infectious disease
insurance reimbursement
kinesiology
lymphatic drainage
marketing & business development
maryland massage ce packages
medical error prevention
medical massage
mind/body health
modalities/techniques
myofascial release
ncbtmb standard v
new york massage ce packages
non-technique courses
packages
pathology
physiology
pregnancy
reflexology
research
self-care
skin pathologies
special populations
sports massage
standard and universal precautions
structural integration
swedish massage
thai massage
trigger point therapy

e.g. ethics, aromatherapy




credits

1-3 credits
4-8 credits
9-13 credits
14-19 credits
20+ credits





fully online courses only  what is this?


find my course






welcome to health positive!





you've discovered worthwhile continuing education courses created exclusively for massage therapists and bodyworkers. whether you want to earn massage therapy ceus for the ncbtmb, your state massage board or the amta or abmp, you can turn to us with confidence.
our 150+ home study ce programs are convenient - we make it easy for you to complete your massage therapy continuing education requirements at home or online. health positive massage continuing education courses are also affordable and cost-effective - you don't have to travel anywhere in order to earn massage ce credits. 





ncbtmb approved, amta & abmp accepted
our parent company, the institute for integrative healthcare studies, is approved by the national certification board for therapeutic massage & bodywork (ncbtmb) as a continuing education approved provider. our courses are also accepted by amta and abmp.



90-day money back guarantee
examine our courses for up to 90 days and if you're not 100% satisfied by the quality or our service, your order will be cheerfully exchanged or refunded. learn more about our guarantee.



multiple course options
test at home or online, have texts and dvds shipped to you or choose to view them on your computer - we offer multiple course options to meet your specific needs.




  
   ?>
  

most popular ce courses






ethics refresher
e1012
this is a 1-hour ethics refresher course for practitioners who need to quickly review the basics related to ncbtmb standard v: roles and boundaries.
program also available entirely online.


1 ce hours$15.00








chronic pain management
e1020
to study pain and its alleviation is to journey into the relationships between the body, mind and spirit. get a quick review of the most essential points all massage therapists need to know to be more grounded, compassionate and effective in their work with people in chronic pain.
program also available entirely online.


5 ce hours$66.00








ethics: therapeutic environment
e1051
expand your understanding of ethics. learn how to build a safer therapeutic environment for yourself and your client.
program also available entirely online.


3 ce hours$39.00








cardiopulmonary health and illness
e1091
deepen your understanding of pathology from a body/mind approach.
program also available entirely online.


5 ce hours$66.00








hypertension, cholesterol & massage
e319w
based on four original mpu articles, learn about hypertension and how it is impacted by bodywork and whether hypertension is an indication or contraindication for massage, as well as how massage can affect cholesterol levels and the impact of statins on massage.this is an entirely online ce program.


1 ce hours$15.00








ethics: therapeutic relationships
e401
provides a structure for ethical decision-making that will serve your clients, yourself, your profession and your community. 
program also available entirely online.


3 ce hours$39.00








diversity: cultural competence
e415
the makeup of the united states is ever expanding, as such one must become more aware of the differences in the clients we serve in order to provide the best care. this course will assist you in your learning continuum of cultural sensitivity to competence.
program also available entirely online.


1 ce hours$15.00








human trafficking (for florida)
e437
learning about human trafficking is crucial not only for the protection and empowerment of potential victims but also for creating a safer and more just world for everyone. this course was approved to fulfill the requirements of the florida massage license renewal. 
program available entirely online.closed captioning available with online video.


1 ce hours$15.00








integrative massage: earth
e512
using the side posture primarily, the earth massage routine employs deep, compressive techniques that soften adhesions and muscle fibrosis, reducing the activity of myofascial trigger points, increasing the mobility of connective tissue and joints, and improving posture. 
program also available entirely online.


13 ce hours$176.00








kinesio taping techniques for massage therapists
e652
kinesio taping techniques are easy to learn and can be integrated into the massage session on various areas of the body. kinesio taping techniques add another dimension of effective pain relief.
program available entirely online.
closed captioning available with online video.


5 ce hours$66.00
















fully online courses


fully online courses feature both your course materials and test provided to you entirely online. nothing will be mailed to you, everything you need will be available 24/7 at our secure, easy-to-use website.
















search





1-800-364-5722
              mon - fri, 9am - 5pm est            



faq
about us
contact us
customer service
guarantee
privacy policy

   
        ncbtmb approved provider #049478-00
        2331 state route 17k, montgomery, ny 12549
        ©2025 health positive! all rights reserved
        
        this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
    






please wait...


to checkout, you are being forwarded to our secure shopping site at our parent company, the institute for integrative healthcare studies.















take our free online course: ethics refresher



get my free course




we will not rent/sell your email to anyone.you'll also receive our newsletter and special offers.


thank you! an email will be sent to the address provided with instructions on how to enroll in this 1 ce hour course - free!
if you do not see our email within a few minutes of signing up, please check your spam/junk folders it may have been delivered there instead of your inbox.
if, by chance, you still have not received it within 5 minutes, please call us at 1-800-364-5722, monday-friday, 9am-5pm est for assistance.
close window

















chat with us, powered by livechat




