     
	find best charities to donate | charity ratings, reviews 
  
  




 support give.org
  

tips for donating
                    giving tips
find a charity for your cause
alphabetical list of charities
local charity reviews
ways to support charities
donate via givesafely
information for charities
                    enroll your charity
our accreditation process
additional charity guidance
standards for charity accountability
national sealholders charity list
seal licensing
why charities should disclose
news & publications
                    newsletter signup
latest news
video library
wise giving guide
heart of giving podcast
donor trust report
who we are
                    about us
board and staff
financials
contact us
support give.org






find charities you can trustour reports address charity governance, finances, results reporting, transparency, and appeal accuracy.
            





a-z national charity list




tips for donorsfind out about basic tips to help you make informed giving decisions.
            read more →
bbb charity standardswhat are the bbb standards for charity accountability? 20 standards addressing 4 themes: governance, results reports, finances, and truthful and transparent representations.
            read more →
accredited charity sealbbb accredited charities have the option of obtaining a license, for a sliding scale annual fee, that authorizes the charity to display the bbb accredited charity seal on their websites and in promotional materials.
            read more →



strengthening public confidence in charities by promoting wise giving and trustworthy charity practices.


recent news & videosa new edition of
        wise giving wednesday is published every week to keep you up to date on accredited charities and events.
    see all news







news & updates  
read the wise giving wednesday blog each week to keep up to date on charity issues.


view all
articles
videos

subscribe 










featured news

wise giving wednesday: support heart charities on valentine’s day 

as valentine’s day approaches on friday, february 14th, and with february being heart awareness month, consider supporting charities that focus on heart health.
read more...





















                            heart of giving podcast - creating beautiful communities: the work of scenic america
                                


this week on the heart of giving podcast: mark falzone, president and ceo of scenic america, discusses how his organization is working to preserve and enhance the visual character of our nation. three illuminating moments:

"our mission is to preserve and enhance the visual character and scenic...
feb 12, 2025













                            wise giving wednesday: honor world cancer day by supporting trusted cancer charities
                        

honor world cancer day by donating to trusted cancer charities. get tips for making informed giving decisions and explore our list of bbb accredited cancer charities.
feb 04, 2025













                            heart of giving podcast: the health wagon - healthcare on wheels in appalachia
                                


this week on the heart of giving: teresa tyson shares the remarkable story of the health wagon, america's oldest mobile free clinic serving central appalachia. three powerful moments:

"we were founded by sister bernie kenny... she actually started the clinic first of all in the back of a volkswagen...
feb 04, 2025







stay informed. join our mailing list



subscribe


                            this site is protected by recaptha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply
                        










                            wise giving wednesday: videos to help you donate wisely to california wildfire relief
                        

learn how to donate wisely and avoid scams during california wildfire relief efforts. watch  and share bbb wise giving alliance’s three videos with essential tips and insights.
jan 28, 2025













                            avoiding wildfire donation scams: 3 essential tips
                                


want to avoid wildfire donation scams? check out these 3 essential tips.
scammers often take advantage of disasters to prey on generous donors. in this 30-second video, bbb wise giving alliance shares three essential tips to help you avoid scams and ensure your donations reach those in need.

key...
jan 28, 2025













                            how to donate wisely for wildfire relief
                                


want to learn how to donate wisely for wildfire relief? 
making a difference starts with making informed choices. in this 30-second video, bbb wise giving alliance shares essential tips to help you donate wisely to support wildfire relief efforts. learn the three key tips for supporting wildfire...
jan 28, 2025



1
2
3
4
5
next
last






our recent publications






we've been featured in










askgive.org ᴮᴱᵀᴬ









askgive.org ᴮᴱᵀᴬ











askgive.org is an interactive digital window into the research and thinking of give.org.
                        askgive.org is
                        

send message
terms of use
feedback






askgive.org
 ᴮᴱᵀᴬ 



askgive.org ᴮᴱᵀᴬ

















askgive.org is an interactive digital window into the research and thinking of give.org....
                    try asking questions like these:
                  
"how can i avoid getting defrauded with my donation?""how can i safely donate my car?"
                    
askgive.org is
                    


send message
terms of use
feedback
feedback×closesubmit






bbb wise giving alliance strengthens public confidence in charities by promoting wise giving and trustworthy charity practices. charities are evaluated, at no charge, based on 20 bbb charity standards. the resulting reports are available on give.org.
            ©2024 bbb wise giving alliance501(c)(3) | ein 52-1070270
        








our mission
board & staff
our finances
contact us
faqs
scamtracker
support give.org
refer us to a friend
request stickers
advancing collaboration

government settlement agreements and actions against charities
scamtracker
file an inquiry or complaint

terms of use
copyrights & trademarks
government & regulatory disclosures
privacy policy
©2024 bbb wise giving alliance501(c)(3) | ein 52-1070270
        stay informed. join our mailing list.
        


   
