 












 





supporting women entrepreneurs in bc | webc








































































 
































what we offer





 
what we offer
learn about all webc has to offer.

 


skills developmentlive & virtual workshopson-demand smart programsimpact toolbox program: start your social enterpriseleadership communicationpassion & grit resilience trainingworkbooks and webinar recordings 


advisory servicesask an advisorbusiness plan review service 


financingbusiness loans for womenbusiness loans for youthweoc national loan fundvancity women entrepreneurs programequity financing & venture capital 


mentoringone-to-one mentoringgrowth peer mentoring groupscommunity-based peer mentoring groupsdiscovery foundation’s digital strategic leadership programmeet our mentorsbecome a mentor 
 


 


 


 


 


 

find support





 
starting your
business

 


 
developing your
business

 


 
growing your
business

 
 

resources





 
blog
tips and stories from webc and our network around bc.


 


 
all resources
view our full library of free resources.


 


starting your businessgrowing your businessexiting your businesshuman resources 


webinar recordingsmanaging your financialsmarketing & market researchon-demand learning 
 


 


 

eventsabout us





 
who we are
learn about webc and our 29-year history of supporting women entrepreneurs in bc.

 


meet our teamannual reportspartner with usjoin our team 


ecosystemnewssuccess storiescapital, community, capacity (c3) project 
 


 


 

contact us
fr












supporting every stage of your small business journey
we provide support for women to start, develop, lead and grow their own businesses in all regions of bc.

 




 

 

start

turning your dream into a business?
access support and guidance to navigate the early stages, and make key decisions.
starting my business







 

develop

up and running?
build your skills and confidence in the key areas of your business.
developing my business







 

grow

ready to take your business to the next level?
find financing and resources to expand your business and explore new markets.
growing my business





 








what we offer
we provide a range of business support services and funding options to help you start, develop, lead or sell your small business. from essential business skills to personalized business advice, we know the right questions to ask and the right resources to connect you with.

 financing
 mentoring
 skills development
 advisory services

learn how webc can support you 















share your voice
we’re here for you
we want to hear from you! we’re partnering with startup canada to understand the impact of tariffs on your business. this will guide the development of resources, programs, and advocacy efforts to support canadian entrepreneurs.
take the survey 









get your tickets
celebrating our 30th year in 2025
we’re bringing together our vibrant community of partners, friends, champions, volunteers and clients to mark this exciting milestone. join us!
join us 









now available
on demand course: master your business operations
transform your business by learning the core principles of effective business operations!
enroll free 









free info session
explore how to access a loan from webc
join us to learn about the application process and connect with a business advisor to ask your questions!
register free 









special programs
access a line of credit up to $25k, or a loan of up to $250k
with the women entrepreneurs program, you can access financing from vancity with wrap-up around support from webc!
learn more 






take the survey | u.s. tariffs


celebrate with us!


now available! self-paced operations course


weekly | free business loan info session


access a line of credit up to $25k, or a loan of up to $250k













upcoming events
we host virtual and in-person events and workshops throughout the year, along with our partners around bc.

free webc business loan info session


date & time
													 february 18 @ 12:00 pm  
													 to february 18 @ 12:00 pm 												

location
													 webinar 												




free starting a business info session | part 1: how to write a business plan


date & time
													 february 19 @ 12:00 pm  
													 to february 19 @ 12:00 pm 												

location
													 webinar 												




community grown: webc celebrates 30 years in kelowna


date & time
													 february 20 @ 11:30 am  
													 to february 20 @ 11:30 am 												

location
													 laurel packinghouse 												



see more events 











webc is a not-for-profit that has been supporting, propelling, and celebrating women entrepreneurs in bc for nearly three decades.
 

webcwhat we offer
resources
success stories
events
about us
contact us
communityecosystem
partner with us
networks
blog
otherfaq
privacy policy
service commitment
careers
 

stay in the loop
the latest news and events for women entrepreneurs in your inbox.
subscribe






financial support provided by



 

 









 
























