



















education major & minor | luther college































































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search









education

					major | minor				




menu


curriculum
department information
faculty and staff








home > academics > education 




learn more
we'd like to send you some information about luther college.captchathis site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
  





















make a positive difference in students' lives. become a teacher and have an immediate impact on the next generation.
request information
why study education?
schools open doors to the world. every day, students encounter new people, ideas, and experiences. teachers foster these experiences. they create positive relationships with all types of students and establish safe and caring learning communities.
the demand for qualified educators is as high as it’s ever been. students need teachers who will prepare them to meet an ever-changing society. school districts are actively seeking well-prepared teacher candidates who can become leaders in their schools. as a teacher, you’ll have an immediate impact on the next generation.
why study education at luther?
at luther, you’ll prepare for a lifetime of making a difference in students’ lives. our program builds on three principles:

theoretical knowledge of human behavior and learning—understanding learning theories provides teacher candidates with the ability to employ researched techniques to help all students succeed.
knowledge in your subject matter—knowing the content that you are expected to teach is a foundational requisite for effective teaching.
growth over time—teaching is a process of continual learning where one develops the knowledge, skills, and dispositions to become an educated educator. it takes time and reflection.

by combining these principles with a liberal arts education, you’ll be prepared with a broad base of knowledge that helps you think critically, solve problems, and communicate with others.










program highlights





											accredited program									
luther college is accredited by the state of iowa. this state approval ensures that we prepare you to know your subject and your learners. often, school districts and states more readily grant licensure to graduates from accredited education programs.




											exploratory practicum in area schools									
experience teaching as a first-year student. luther’s introductory practicum takes place during your first january term. you’ll be able to determine early on if teaching is right for you.





						diverse student teaching placement					

you have the option to student teach locally, nationally, and internationally. our staff works with you to find the perfect fit.








what it's like to be an education major at luther

 
"the education department does a great job of making sure that you're getting experience in different types of environments," says lilah gray '24. 





what you’ll learn
as a luther education major, you’ll work with real students in real classrooms. “try on” teaching in your first year. you’ll spend several weeks observing teachers and experiencing the functions of the classroom. later, you’ll put your skills to work teaching a unit in a monthlong practicum. finally, a full semester of student teaching will combine your knowledge and experience.
elementary education major (k–6)
if you are planning to become an elementary teacher, you will major in elementary education. you must complete the core program in elementary education plus an academic or special endorsement.
academic endorsements:

english/language arts (k–8)
history (k–8)
math (k–8)
music (k–8)
science (basic) (k–8)
social studies (k–8)

special endorsements:

english language learners (esl) (k–12)
middle school specialist (5–8)
reading (k–8)
special education instructional strategist ii: behavior disorders and learning disabilities (k–12)

secondary education minor
if you are planning to become a teacher at the secondary level, you will major in the content area you plan to teach. you will also minor in secondary education. this will prepare you to teach grades 5–12.
content areas may include:

political science
history
english
mathematics
natural sciences

program information














							one of the best things about the education department is the opportunities available to students. the faculty and staff care a lot about the students and it shows. they work hard to help us succeed and reach our goals.						

							maddie kaasa '25						

							elementry education major						










							i love the emphases luther's education department places on equity, building trusting relationships, and experiential learning.						

							avery hagstrom '23						

							elementary education major, reading and english as a second language endorsement						














careers and outcomes

take your luther education degree anywhere! luther graduates teach in small to large districts throughout the us and around the world. in addition to teaching, luther education graduates go on to be successful in a wide variety of occupations. industry positions that luther education graduates obtain include—but are not limited to—technology, sales and marketing, healthcare, and nonprofits.



k-12 career fields

teacher
administrator (principal or superintendent)
school guidance counselor
curriculum director
instructional coach
librarian
teacher leadership
coaching



other career fields

camp/youth director
corporate trainers
professional tutor
museum educator
advising
public relations
activities director
speech and language therapist
educational consulting
human resources
event planning











			building an educational curriculum		

megan priest ’23 participated in a student/faculty collaborative research project, focusing her work on building a new type of educational curriculum.
“this research has encouraged me to go into curriculum development and instruction. i’ve decided that i’m going to go to grad school to continue doing research on this because i am so passionate about it.” —megan priest ’23


explore undergraduate research






play video












achieve licensure
by completing luther’s education program, you will earn your license to teach in the state of iowa. there are three levels of approval within our teacher education program:

admission to teacher education
approval for the professional semester
approval for licensure

learn more about licensure






related programs





 music education




 english




interested in browsing other areas?
back to all programs















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.
















 


