










home - west hartford chamber of commerce























































 
 



















skip to content






























 
directoryjoin chamber join now membership benefits get involvedabout us mission & history chamber staff board of directors about west hartford why west hartford? mayor’s welcome economic development department neighborhood districts faqs member/partner newsevents events calendar signature events west hartford holiday strollbusiness resources job postings partnerships blog hot deals new business checklistchamber committees flow (future leaders of west hartford) minority business network community engagement economic development membership business resource committeemember zone member benefits member directory sponsorship opportunities marketing opportunities get involved member to member deals member login join chambermember login













facebook





twitter





linkedin


























 







 








welcome to






west hartford chamber






"connecting business & community"







join today!



























next
previous















about us 
the west hartford chamber is a dynamic and dedicated organization serving as the vibrant heart of our community. with a rich history dating back over a century, we are committed to fostering economic growth and prosperity in the local area and beyond. our goal is to connect local businesses, entrepreneurs, and residents by facilitating networking, collaboration, and support. through a wide range of events, resources, and advocacy, we empower our members to thrive in a robust and inclusive business environment. join us in shaping the future of our community and business landscape.
learn more 













welcome new members 


visit directory 























 
 


 
 




















your community & business connection























member directory 
find a business who provides goods and services in our area...
 













hot deals 
support our local economy! check out these deals and more...
 













jobs 
looking for a new job or career path? check out our job postings...
 
















event calendar 
grow your network! browse our calendar for upcoming events...
 













newsroom 
stay connected! what’s the latest news with our membership, local community and more...
 













get involved 
join a committee, attend and event, or volunteer...
 











community guide






 
click image above to view flipbook
 


















event calendar














view calendar

















our blog 


learn more 





























west hartford chamber - premiere partners

























































































next
previous














 












© 2025 west hartford chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone













 


faq 
want to learn more? see our frequently asked questions 
 











contact us 
1.860.521.2300
948 farmington ave., west hartford, ct 06107
info@whchamber.com
 











 


stay informed 
sign up for west hartford chamber updates
join our email list
 


















© 2025 west hartford chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone








 
scroll to top



















