





 james kakos dds




















 







 









skip to content




chevron-left



chevron-right



chevron-up



chevron-right



chevron-left



arrow-back



star



phone



quote







checkbox-checked



search



wrench



info





shield



play



connection



mobile



coin-dollar



spoon-knife



ticket



pushpin



location



gift



fire



feed



bubbles



home



heart



calendar



price-tag



credit-card



clock



envelop







facebook



instagram





twitter



youtube



pinterest



yelp



google



reddit



linkedin



envelope



bbb









pinterest



homeadvisor




angies








1401 s arlington heights rd, suite one, arlington heights, il 60005
book online
847-758-0100
 




menu









 





 







menuabout uscovid-19 safety protocolsmeet the teamlife around the officeservicesgeneral dentistrypediatric dentistrycleaningsdental hygienegum careself-carefluoride treatmentwhat is a periodontist?periodontal therapyperiodontal assessmentoral cancer screeningimplant servicesimplantsall-on-4 implant tooth replacementcosmetic dentistryteeth whiteningtooth colored composite fillingscosmetic dental fillingsinvisalign® clear alignersporcelain veneerslumineerslaser gum liftsstain managementbotox treatments in arlington heights & mount prospectemergency dentistryroot canalscerecporcelain crowns (cerec)porcelain fillings (cerec)the basics of sedation dentistrysedationrestorative dentistrydenturesbridgescrownssealantssleep apneasleep apnea and your oral healthdentition assessmentarestindiagnodent laserdiode laserintra-oral camerami remineralization therapyradiographsvelscopesmile gallerypatient informationbook onlinefinancial and insurancefaqspatient educationnew patient formscontact uscareers


 





menuabout uscovid-19 safety protocolsmeet the teamlife around the officeservicesgeneral dentistrypediatric dentistrycleaningsdental hygienegum careself-carefluoride treatmentwhat is a periodontist?periodontal therapyperiodontal assessmentoral cancer screeningimplant servicesimplantsall-on-4 implant tooth replacementcosmetic dentistryteeth whiteningtooth colored composite fillingscosmetic dental fillingsinvisalign® clear alignersporcelain veneerslumineerslaser gum liftsstain managementbotox treatments in arlington heights & mount prospectemergency dentistryroot canalscerecporcelain crowns (cerec)porcelain fillings (cerec)the basics of sedation dentistrysedationrestorative dentistrydenturesbridgescrownssealantssleep apneasleep apnea and your oral healthdentition assessmentarestindiagnodent laserdiode laserintra-oral camerami remineralization therapyradiographsvelscopesmile gallerypatient informationbook onlinefinancial and insurancefaqspatient educationnew patient formscontact uscareers

 








covid-19 alert   we have changed our procedures for covid-19.    learn more














we care about your smile and beautiful face
book online

 






james kakos, dds – cosmetic dentist in arlington heights and mount prospect, il
our dental office sets new standards in the quality of dental procedures and restorations. to provide more effective and efficient ways to optimize diagnosis and treatment, we continually incorporate the newest developments and technology in dentistry.
such technologies include cerec® (cad / cam), 3d ct cone beam x-ray, intra oral cameras, velscope, and many others.
testimonial highlight
dear dr. kakos & staff,
it’s hard to find the words this morning to express how grateful i am for all that you have done for me on my journey. you all have shown me unmeasurable patience, grace, and care throughout this process, and it has meant the world to me. my self-confidence has soared over the past few months, and as i leave the office today with a beautiful new smile, please allow yourselves to feel the pride you deserve to feel in changing my life! thank you all from the bottom of my heart for all that you’ve done for me.
cheers! we did it!
katy. a
 

smile restoration 

porcelain veneers 

dental implants 

cosmetic dentistry 

restorative dentistry 

general dentistry 

emergency dentistry 









a proud provider of invisalign® clear aligners












unlock your brightest smile with our teeth whitening program













botox cosmetics
dr james kakos and dr. stephan kakos are delighted to announce they are now accepting patients for botox cosmetic treatments.
botox is one of the most recent and most exciting advances for treatment of wrinkles, lines, and the aging face. botox is a highly purified naturally occurring protein which has the ability to very precisely relax the muscle to which it is applied.

learn more 










emergency dentist in arlington heights and mount prospect, il
when you are looking for general dentistry services in arlington heights and mount prospect, il, dr. james kakos and dr. stephan kakos offer the quality services you need to keep your smile looking healthy and beautiful. our professional dental care is designed around each patient and their needs. whether you’re looking for dentists to perform cosmetic dentistry or you simply need general dentistry services, we are here to help.

learn more 







book online









advanced periodontics
everyone deserves to smile with pride. however, not everyone has the perfect teeth they desire. whether you need general dentistry in arlington heights and mount prospect, il to keep your smile in top-notch condition or you need cosmetic dentistry to restore your smile to what it should be, our dentists, dr. james kakos and dr. stephan kakos, are ready to put together a treatment plan that will best suit your needs. once you are through with your personalized treatment plan, you will be able to smile with ease and confidence. it doesn’t matter how much work you need done, we are here to provide the services necessary for a healthy, beautiful smile.


toothache treatment
in addition to our professional dental services in arlington heights and mount prospect, il, our dentist will also provide a number of other oral-related procedures to help with your quality of life. we can also provide treatment for sleep apnea, along with botox injections to improve the look of your face. talk to our professional staff about what these other treatments can do for you. contact us to schedule your appointment and start working on your smile.










call us today to schedule exceptional dental care
address
1401 s arlington heights road, suite one
arlington heights, il 60005
phone
847-758-0100
hours of operation
monday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
tuesday: 7:00 am – 4:00 pm
wednesday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
thursday: by appointment only
friday: 7:00 am – 12:00 pm
saturday: 7:00 am – 12:00 pm (twice a month)



james s. kakos, dds, fagd, south arlington heights road, arlington heights, il, usa
view on google maps 







we help you afford the care you need and deserve!
james kakos dds accepts most major dental insurance plans, and will work with you to help you understand your benefits.
 

we accept all major credit cards





back to the top







home
about us
services
smile gallery
patient information
contact us
careers
 






facebook







twitter







google




















           © 2025  james kakos dds. all rights reserved.         

privacy policy
sitemap
home


















 




