real estate in the ridgesscheduleseller appointmentbuyer appointmentmenucommunitieshighriseszip codesarchitectural stylesbuildersprice rangessearchthe marketthe motion pictureabout ustestimonialscontact usmy accountfavoritessearchaccountschedulemenureal estate in the ridges11464 opal springs waypresenting vegas proudly presents ridges.com, your comprehensive resource for luxury homes in the ridges of summerlin. the crown jewel of summerlin in las vegas, the village of the ridges is arguably the most renowned community in all of southern nevada. situated amidst rising terrain at the foothills to glorious red rock conservation area, the ridges commands some of the highest altitude and best views in the entire las vegas valley. nested within this exclusive setting is bear's best golf course, rigorously designed by jack nicklaus and replicated upon eighteen of his favorite golf courses throughout north america.43 drifting shadow wayschedule a property showingschedule listing appointmentexplore:12 new12 new listings7 contract7 under contracthomes for sale21 available21 available for sale65 sold65 sold in 12 months0 new0 new listings0 contract0 under contractland for sale0 available0 available for sale2 sold2 sold in 12 months$801/ft2 ave$801/ft2 ave sale3.9 mo supply3.9 months supplyreal estate market(annualized)63 ave dom63 ave days on market25.8% abs rate25.8% absorption rate54 sun glow laneenjoy browsing the complete inventory of fine homes in the ridges, all listings updated daily. savvy consumers will enjoy the ability to research properties available, under contract and sold. empower yourself with as much information as desired, then let us open the doors to your dream home. when you are prepared to experience any of these exceptional residences, contact owner-broker gary anter for a no-hassle viewing appointment. focusing exclusively on extraordinary real estate, presenting vegas is at your service to ensure your next endeavor is an unmitigated success.58 midnight sky drivenevada real estate broker license # b.1001298the data related to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the internet data exchange (idx) program of the greater las vegas association of realtors® mls. real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than this site owner are marked with the idx logo. glvar deems information reliable but not guaranteed. ­click here to view copyright infringement notice. ­click here to view privacy policy.write a testimonial | improve the page | report an errorwebsite designed by lucrativeart