



institute of conscious bodywork-alive and well :: welcome





































“i researched many schools before i chose this one. my final piece of research was to call massage employers and ask which school they thought was the best. alive & well! was their unanimous choice!" –amber guaraglia, cmt, cbw alumni 






































welcome to the institute of conscious bodywork.
thank you for exploring the institute of conscious bodywork. since
                    1987 we have provided over 10,000 people with a
                    high quality massage therapy & bodywork education.  our unique difference is conscious bodywork. this
                    approach to massage therapy draws on the power
                    of conscious attention and intention as a powerful
                    tool to bring about change in the living tissue
                    of the body. it focuses on the client’s main
                    concern and works with the body’s organizational
                    intelligence to restore balance, flexibility and
                    health.                     
                    i invite you to join our community. more about us >



schedule of classes and programs: (415) 945-9945
              


neuromuscular reprogramming (nmr)
                          
                          72-hr. professional training 
instructor: jocelyn olivier 
achieve dramatic results for your clients: 
• accelerate recovery from acute injuries. 
• resolve the persistent effects of chronic injuries. 
• alleviate the debilitating effects of repetitive stress. 
• optimize athletic performance. 
• restore muscle coordination quickly. 
• increase range of motion, energy, vitality, strength and stamina throughout the body.
how does it work?
nmr uses muscle testing to assess dysfunctions of the coordination system resulting from traumatic injury and overuse. it cues the brain for new learning resulting in the immediate correction of neuromuscular imbalances. nmr works with the body’s organizational intelligence. it addresses neuromuscular pain at its source: the motor control center of the brain. 
nmr is easy on the practitioner. it uses strategy not force. clients love the results they get with nmr. your practice will expand immediately when you add nmr to your bodywork skills. nmr can provide solutions for conditions which have not previously responded to therapy. practitioners who have been through the training program have been amazed at how deeply effective their work has become through the addition of nmr. this advanced therapy blends well with other bodywork styles and is the perfect adjunct to chiropractic, physical therapy and sports injury rehabilitation.
dates: see calendar for exact dates.
tuition: $2068 (discount available for program students)
 
register today by calling (415) 945-9945  








nmr training
							  begins january, 2015

 


  info/registration
							    (415) 945-9945

... or 						  
							  register here


















 for the greatest depth and breadth of training for an extraordinary career in bodywork choose the institute of conscious bodywork. 







for school information, or to request a catalog please call: (415) 945-9945
or e-mail us at: contact@alivewell.com.
		  to schedule a treatment, please call healus center (415) 388-9945
more contact and location information



 











 
copyright © 2008
    institute of conscious bodywork-alive&well!. all rights reserved.








 




