

jackson dj software :: news :: day to day















van aeken software

                    news

products

downloads

shop

support

community






                    [ creators of jackson ]









jackson

                    day to day







                    welcome  



                        van aeken software are the creators of jackson, a live
                        re-editing tool for the digital dj.








                        "just want to say how great jacksondj is. i stumbled upon it this morning and have
                        to say it beats my previous mixing software handsdown (mixmeister pro). keep it
                        up!!"

                        sean butler, uk



                        "...this is my dj software choice over all the other dj software available. i've
                        been a dj for over 15 years and can see the future clearly thru your great application."

                        qochhonga burns, canada



                        "truly the best software for music mixing by far... believe me i have tried many,
                        but very, very few have impressed me this way."

                        rapula zacharia, botswana





                        jackson is dj software that breaks with the past. it does not emulate the traditional
                        dj setup but truly unlocks the power of your computer. it is the first dedicated
                        software package that offers sequencer-style mixing to the digital dj.

                        jackson allows you to create better mixes and is free. don't spend hundreds
                        of dollars on a competing package before you have tried this baby. the results will
                        be better and it won't cost you a dime.

                        mixing tracks in jackson is a 2-step process. before you can play a track, you must
                        rhytmically analyze it. our beatmapper tool makes this an easy and instructive process.
                        once you've analyzed a track, which you have to do only once, you can mix and manipulate
                        the track in all freedom.

                        our approach works with all styles of music. whether the tempo is fixed or not,
                        your beat-matching will be perfect, your loops will be smooth and your effects in
                        sync.

                        break away from fixed tempo and linear structure. get jackson
                            now.

                        if you're new to sequencer-style dj-ing and you have a broadband connection, have
                        a look at our videos. they should give you a good
                        idea what this is all about.

                        we are releasing new versions of jackson 1.x on a regular basis. check out 
                            the change log for a overview of changes between successive versions.




                    29 april 2007


jackson 1.34 is out. apart from being compatible with
                        vista, this version features full support for our new controller (which we are currently
                        field-testing). check out the change log for more
                        details.




                    24 march 2007


                        we are happy to anounce that our new beta jackson 1.34b1
                        flawlessly runs on microsoft's vista. we made a couple of small changes that will
                        also benefit xp users, so you might want to check this beta out. more details are
                        to be found in the change log.




                    18 march 2007


this weekend, we've passed the mark of 30,000
                        downloads of jackson from our web site. this number does not include downloads from
                        sites like download.com at that site, the counter
                        indicates 25,958. we wish all downloaders lots and lots of happy mixing!




                    29 october 2006


on this glorious day we are releasing 
                            jackson 1.33 which is completely free (as in free beer) and which no longer
                        defaults to demo mode. the joy of sequencer-style mixing is now more accessible
                        than ever!
                    




                    1 october 2006


1 october 2006 marks jackson's 3rd birthday.
                        to celebrate this magnificent event, from now on we are offering jackson 1.x
                            for free to the digital djs of the world. the proud owners of licenses,
                        those who helped us to make jackson what it is, will be entitled to a free upgrade
                        to jackson's super-secret successor. we will release more details later this year.

                        our new beta jackson 1.33b1 no longer defaults
                        to demo mode and a key is no longer necessary. we plan on releasing the final version
                        1.33 later this month. check out the change log for
                        details.

                        the shop will stay open as we are now selling jackson 1.x
                        on cd in its custom-made metal housing. stay tuned and happy mixing!





                    23 september 2006


                        after months of beta-testing, we are releasing the final jackson
                            1.32. see the change log for more details.
                        happy mixing!




                    13 august 2006


                        the previous beta did not run on all systems. we have fixed this in our latest release:
                        jackson 1.32b3. details are in 
                            the change log.




                    12 july 2006


                        it turned out that the previous beta had trouble recording, so we have released
                        a new one: jackson 1.32b2. remember, betas are
                        not meant to be used in production or live settings, but we love to get feedback
                        from you on new features or bugs! more details on the new release are in 
                            the change log.




                    22 june 2006


                        a new beta is online: jackson 1.32b. this release
                        uses newer technology under the hood, but does not offer new functionality. check
                        out the change log for more details.




                    30 january 2006


                        our latest beta is now available as a stable release: jackson
                            1.31. we've added one little feature on top of the beta: playlists are now
                        also saved in an ms excel compatible format. read the change
                            log for more information.




                    28 december 2005


near christmas, we've passed the mark of 20,000
                        downloads of jackson. we wish all downloaders an excellent 2006 and lots of happy
                        mixing!




                    26 november 2005



francis van aeken
                        will present jackson and its underlying technology at the axmedis conference in
                        firenze, italy. the focus of the talk will be on virtual djs powered by musical
                        metadata. as people collect more and more songs on their portable music players,
                        the need for virtual djs is growing. our technology (check out jackson's player
                        functionality) is directly applicable to the creation of such software agents. feel
                        free to download the paper.




                    1 november 2005


                        jackson is now a player too! jackson 1.31b, which
                        we've released today can automatically select and mix your beat-mapped songs. check
                        out the change log for an overview of all changes.
                    




                    27 september 2005


                        out of the blue we've released jackson 1.30. taken
                        into account feedback from our users, we've slightly changed the behavior of the
                        program. read the change log for an overview of the
                        changes. note that, as the modifications were simple to implement, we did not feel
                        the need to release an intermediary beta.




                    15 august 2005


jackson 1.29 is out. this release fixes a bug that
                        could crash the application when changing audio devices or drivers. check out the change log for an overview of all changes.




                    22 may 2005


we've released jackson 1.28. this release is identical
                        to beta 1.28b1 minus one nasty bug. more details are in the
                            change log.




                    3 may 2005


our new beta jackson 1.28b1 is out. this new version
                        lets you cue your tracks in the same way a traditional dj mixing desk does. two
                        soundcards are needed, but this functionality is bound to appeal to experienced
                        and new djs alike. for a list of all improvements, have a look at 
                            the change log.




                    3 april 2005


                        we had fun demonstrating jackson at the disco salon in brussels. a big thank you
                        to everybody who helped!




                    1 march 2005


we've put some instructional videos online. they
                        should give a good idea what jackson & the beatmapper is all about. sequencer-style
                        dj-ing is quite different from traditional mixing, so we figured that these videos
                        might help and put people on the right track.




                    20 february 2005


we've released jackson 1.27. as we didn't get any crash
                        reports from 1.27b1, this release is basically identical to that beta. details are
                        in the change log.

                        today we're also officially lauching our forums at 
                            jacksontracks.com. do check 'em out - a technology is only as strong as
                        its community of users!




                    6 february 2005


jackson 1.27b1 is out. this beta fixes a bug that
                        made it impossible to launch jackson on a number of systems. this release also features
                        some other improvements, all detailed in the change log.




                    23 january 2005


today marks the 10,000th download of jackson.
                        the interest in sequencer-style dj-ing is clearly growing. it seems we are on the
                        right track here.




                    9 january 2005


                        a happy and exciting 2005 to all of you! i have the feeling this is going to be
                        a great year. we'll start it off by demonstrating jackson next saturday in 
                            orbit in brussels. for many people our demonstrations have been real eye-openers,
                        so do come if you can make it.




                    19 december 2004


we have released jackson 1.26. this is the release
                        version of beta 1.26b1, which didn't need much surgery. details are in 
                            the change log.




                    27 november 2004


jackson 1.26b1 is out. this beta offers quite a
                        few handy improvements and introduces support for microsoft's proprietary audio
                        file format wma. support for this file format requires a microsoft library which
                        is a separate download. check out the details in
                        the change log.

                        note that this is the first time that we are releasing a beta version. we recommend
                        to always use the most recent version of jackson, beta or not, except in mission
                        critical situations (like, in front of 2000 people). if a beta version would die
                        on you and you are connected to the internet, please do allow the error report to
                        be sent. these error reports are an essential tool for us to continuously improve
                        jackson.




                    26 november 2004


today orbit in
                        brussels has started selling jackson as a physical product (an actual cd in a box).
                        we are very pleased and we will be organizing several demonstrations at the store.
                        the first one will be on saturday 11 december.




                    17 november 2004


                        we have been demonstrating jackson non-stop at the dj
                            expo in eindhoven. many people were amazed by the creative possibilities
                        our software offers. could it be that this is the future? ;-) many thanks to all
                        the people who attended and who helped organizing it.




                    30 october 2004


the month of october marks the very first anniversary
                        of jackson. happy birthday, jackson! as promised, we have continuously
                        improved our baby since its birth. over the last year, we have rolled out no less
                        than 25 new versions. many thanks to all the people who made this possible!

                        to celebrate all this and to make jackson more than ever accessible to the cash-strapped
                        artist, we are lowering our online price to 75 eur (+ vat
                        if applicable). no other package offers so much value for money.




                    29 october 2004


jackson 1.25 is out. we've fixed a potential performance
                        issue, which makes this a recommended update. jackson now comes with an installer,
                        but note that different versions can still be installed side by side. also,
                        we no longer support windows 2000. from now on jackson requires windows xp to run.
                        the changes are detailed in the change log.




                    18 october 2004


jackson 1.24 is available now. we've fixed a couple
                        of bugs and added two new effects. two good reasons to download it now! all changes
                        are detailed in the change log.




                    24 august 2004


jackson 1.23 is out. this release comes with new functionality
                        in the browser (such as a handy filter function). also, we've added a 'delete' and
                        a 'fade' tool to jackson itself. check out the details in 
                            the change log.




                    2 august 2004


                        we're well into summer now and our spring promotion is coming to an end. from today
                        on, keys are available for the competitive price of 119
                        eur (+ vat if applicable). happy mixing!




                    24 july 2004


jackson 1.22 is available now. this release fixes a
                        bug that is quite harmless, but that adds entries to the log file. more details
                        can be found in the change log.




                    16 july 2004


we've just released jackson 1.21. this version fixes
                        an issue with malformed id3v2 tags that could bring jackson to its knees. also,
                        we've added a previewer tool to the browser that we can't help but love. check it
                        out! as always, all changes are detailed in the change log.




                    1 july 2004


jackson 1.20 is out. this version features a new 'listen'
                        tool that lets you pre-listen to your mix. check out the
                            change log for a complete list of changes.




                    10 june 2004


jackson 1.19 is available for downloading. this version
                        no longer uses directx for graphics, which is good news for people who had trouble
                        using the program because of directx problems. apart from this important change,
                        some other improvements were made. check them out in the
                            change log.




                    17 may 2004


today we've released jackson 1.18. this version features
                        lots of improvements in the ergonomics department. especially handy is the zoom
                        function. use the scroll-wheel on your mouse to zoom in for precision work or to
                        zoom out for a global overview. we've also changed the layout of the filter section
                        and added a 'notch' mode. also, you can now move songs by dragging them. as always,
                        all changes are listed in the change log. enjoy!




                    4 may 2004


jackson 1.17 is out. this is an essential upgrade due
                        to an important extension to the graphical metadata format. although forward compatibility
                        and basic backward compatibility is preserved, we recommend to convert existing
                        beat-mapped files using the 'convert' tool in the beatmapper. apart from a better
                        graphical representation, this version features a variety of smaller improvements.
                        check out the details in the change log.




                    18 apr. 2004


jackson 1.16 is ready for downloading. lots of small
                        improvements in this version, so check it out. the details are in 
                            the change log.




                    12 apr. 2004


we have released jackson 1.15. this version fixes a
                        minor issue with usb hid devices like usb mice. details can be found in 
                            the change log.




                    9 apr. 2004


jackson 1.14 has arrived. this release supports physical
                        control surfaces based on measurement computing's pmd-1208ls. such control
                            panels are easily built and add a whole new dimension to mixing with jackson.
                        check out the change log for details about this release.




                    29 mar. 2004


jackson 1.13 is out. nothing revolutionary this time,
                        but lots of little improvements. definitely worth the download. as usual, 
                            check out the change log for details.




                    21 mar. 2004



spring promotion    to celebrate the arrival
                        of spring we are offering jackson at the insanely low price of 39 euro (+
                        vat is applicable). obviously, this is a time-limited offer, so 
                            grab this occasion to get your hands on the next generation of dj software.




                    15 mar. 2004


                        the flemish day of technology was a lot of fun. kudos to the people who attended
                        our demonstration and many thanks to those who helped organizing it.




                    13 mar. 2004


                        jackson 1.12 is available for downloading. this is
                        another substantial update offering improvements in the beatmapper and support for
                        midi controllers. let's get physical!




                    4 mar. 2004


                        jackson 1.11 is out. this is a revolutionary update offering a completely new way
                        to analyze songs. the new beatmapper is much easier to use and much more powerful
                        than the original beattracker. go get it now!




                    15 feb. 2004


                        we would really like to have more feedback from the people who try out jackson.
                        so we have decided to give away free licenses to people who 
                            download jackson and to those who give us a bit of 
                                feedback.




                    3 feb. 2004


                        we've managed to get our hands on some video footage shot at the atomium event.
                        check it out in the events section.




                    31 jan. 2004


                        we've uploaded some pictures taken at our demonstration of jackson in the atomium.
                        you can find them in the new events section
                        on this site.




                    30 jan. 2004


                        more groundbreaking than ever, jackson 1.10 is available for
                            downloading. this version allows you to pre-listen to tracks in the browser,
                        to tempo-sync midi equipment to jackson and -last but not least- to synchronize
                        different computers running jackson on a network. see the 
                            change log for details.




                    29 jan. 2004


                        by popular demand, we've added an rss feed
                        to this web page. remember, this is not an excuse not to visit us anymore!




                    23 dec. 2003


                        within the context of the do you have the balls to
                            lounge exposition, we demonstrated jackson in the 
                                atomium. this exceptional event left us all very happy and satisfied.
                        many thanks to all the people who attended and who helped organizing it. i'll put
                        some pics and videos online in january.
                    




                    16 dec. 2003


                        jackson 1.9 is available for downloading. this update
                        will protect you from editing files, for example in the beattracker, that are already
                        playing in jackson. such a scenario led to unpredictable behavior in previous versions.
                        see the change log for details.




                    8 dec. 2003


                        jackson 1.8 is out. this update is good news for people
                        who have been experiencing graphics problems under windows xp home. things should
                        be smoother now. the details are in the change log.




                    24 nov. 2003


                        jackson 1.7 is available for downloading. this is again
                        a recommended update. we have fixed some small problems and added some useful functionality.
                        check out the change log for details.

                        we have uploaded some beat-tracked music by phoenix
                        rev and fool lovers. enjoy.




                    15 nov. 2003


                        jackson 1.6 is out. this is a recommended update as
                        it solves some issues with mp3 files. the change log
                        details what's new.




                    5 nov. 2003


                        jackson 1.5 is available now. the program now features
                        a browser for quick access to your tracks. also, meta-data can now be embedded not
                        only in .wav files, but also in .mp3 files. for a complete list of changes, see
                        the change log.




                    15 oct. 2003


                        today is the official launch of jackson. check out the press
                            release. a huge thank you and parabens to all the people who
                        made this happen. all elements are now in place, including the 
                            manual. happy mixing!




                    14 oct. 2003


                        tata! we have opened the shopping area. at last the voice
                        will go away (well, it should).




                    13 oct. 2003


                        we have put a couple of tracks on the site that
                        you can test ride jackson with. the tracks have their meta-data embedded in them.

                        jackson 1.4 is out. get your copy at the downloads section.
                        for an overview of the changes, have a look at the change
                            log.




                    11 oct. 2003


                        jackson 1.3 is available now. for an overview of the
                        changes, see the change log.




                    10 oct. 2003


                        we've given our web site a complete overhaul. it's looking better every day.




                    9 oct. 2003


                        jackson 1.2 is available at the downloads section.
                        for an overview of the changes, see the change log.




                    6 oct. 2003


                        jackson 1.1 is available at the downloads section.
                        for an overview of the changes, which are minor, see the 
                            change log.




                    1 oct. 2003


                        this day marks the very first public release of jackson. after months of beta-testing,
                        we decided that we should no longer keep this secret for ourselves. if you have
                        any interest in dj-ing on computers, go and get jackson 1.0 from our 
                            downloads section.

                        the official release is for mid october. by then, a manual should be ready, keys
                        should be for sale and this site should be a bit more elaborate.

                        today is not only jackson's birthday. both my brother chris and my girlfriend astrid
                        are celebrating theirs too. happy birthday, fellows!

francis van aeken.






                    © van aeken software 2003 - 2007
                





