



the living bank

















































 











 

















public educationorgan donationwhy donate?living donationdeceased donationwhole body donationfaqsresourceshealth care professionalswebinarstelehealth ilda servicesaboutboard of directorsour teamhistoryprogramsconnectcontactnewsletterin the newsgalacelebrate life gala 2025gala 2024 galleryshopshopcartgivegive nowlegacy society
living donation is a second chance at life.we aspire to eliminate the shortage of organs for lifesaving transplants by being a trusted education resource for living organ donation and the leading provider of advocacy services for living donors.start the conversationthe need for organs is vastly greater than the number available for transplantation.



organ-kidney




kidney0



organ-liver





liver0



organ-heart







heart0



organ-lung







lung096% of the need for organ transplants can be met by living donation.call the living bank and we will provide contact information to transplant centers in your area or anywhere in the united states that has a living donor program. the living bank’s licensed clinical social workers and staff are always here to answer your questions on living organ donation.
call 1-800-528-2971 today.





start the conversation







learn more




ilda servicesthe living bank’s unique model ensures independent living donor advocacy for your patients, and this is all available nationwide via telehealth.
see our serviceseducationwhat is living donation? are there different types? what are the requirements to qualify as a potential donor? all the basics are covered here.
learn morehow you can helpwith such a huge deficit in the number of available donors, the task may seem overwhleming. but you can help, even if living donation itself isn’t a fit for you!
i want to helpnews & updateswinter 2024 newsletter
our winter 2024 newsletter has been released and you can read it online as well! click below to get the scoop on everything that has been going on at the living bank over the past year!
read nowcelebrate life gala – friday, october 11, 2024
our gala was a fantastic success this year and we are so grateful for everyone who celebrated life and living donation with us! check back here in a few days for pics of the wonderful event!
view the gala galleryon demand webinarsliving donor resourceson demand resources
view our catalog of free webinar resources here. we offer over 30 different sessions and have more in store for 2025! be sure to subscribe to our mailing list for the latest webinar updates and announcements!
browse catalogan organ donor can save a life every 13 hours. the quality of life post donation doesn’t suffer a bit.anitatwo-time kidney transplant recipient
living organ donation is an option. most people don't know it has the best result, long term. in fact, many people get on dialysis before they know what the transplant options are.kelly perdueceo, the living bank



ein 74-1607315
our mission is to eliminate the shortage of organs for lifesaving transplants by being a trusted education resource for living organ donation and the leading provider of advocacy services for living donors.
sign up for e-news alertssign up for e-news alerts



email address *

first name

last name

the living bank 
e-newsletter
webinar alerts

















address: 4545 post oak place, suite 340, houston, tx 77027    toll free: 1.800.528.2971    office: 713.961.9431    e-mail: cathleen@livingbank.org
© 2024 . the living bank . all rights reserved . privacy policy . terms & conditions
facebookxinstagram
keyboard_arrow_up menu




































