






on the rise, inc.
















































on the rise, inc.




about us
impact
history
whom we serve
staff
board
program hours & updates



what we offer
safe haven community
keep the keys program
resources



how to help
volunteer program overview
join a service day
cook a lunch 
coordinate a moving home drive
host a drive



give
ways to give
in-kind needs



news & events
events
empty bowls
press coverage
financials
2023 annual report



contact
contact us
directions
take a tour
job opportunities


give now















about us/impacthistorywhom we servestaffboardprogram hours & updates
what we offer/safe haven communitykeep the keys programresources
how to help/volunteer program overviewjoin a service daycook a lunch coordinate a moving home drivehost a drive
give/ways to givein-kind needs
news & events/eventsempty bowlspress coveragefinancials2023 annual report
contact/contact usdirectionstake a tourjob opportunities
give now/









































safety, community, and advocacy for homeless women




safety, community, and advocacy for homeless and formerly homeless women











about us/impacthistorywhom we servestaffboardprogram hours & updates
what we offer/safe haven communitykeep the keys programresources
how to help/volunteer program overviewjoin a service daycook a lunch coordinate a moving home drivehost a drive
give/ways to givein-kind needs
news & events/eventsempty bowlspress coveragefinancials2023 annual report
contact/contact usdirectionstake a tourjob opportunities
give now/











































safety, community, and advocacy for homeless and formerly-homeless women and transgender/non-binary individuals 

 

on the rise’s work begins with individuals experiencing homelessness, and continues if and when they secure housing.  from our origin as a women’s organization, our programs have evolved toward inclusion of those historically and structurally oppressed on the basis of gender.for those with the fewest options, we cultivate long-term relationships that foster safety and belonging. guided by the strength and initiative of our program participants, we join their journey to wellbeing, as skilled partners and advocates. throughout this journey, we engage with the people, programs and systems that most affect our participants, working to build a society that nourishes their wellbeing.

 

our core values

   

relationshipsrelationships connect us, allow us to respect our differences, discover common ground, and build community. they are transformative when they are genuine, mutual, safe, and enduring.  building trusting relationships that are nurtured over time is central to the work of on the rise. 

  

wellbeingwellbeing is rooted in our ability to safely express our whole selves and feel valued. it is strengthened by our connections to others and requires a sense of safety, stability and access to necessary resources. we believe that we are more than the sum of our problems and we focus on the strengths of our participants with the goal of increasing wellbeing. 

  

inclusion and diversitywe value the diversity of all and we believe that no one is beyond help. we strive to share resources equitably, to uphold practices of honest communication, and to create opportunities for joy and celebration. we do these things in order to create a community of belonging, safety, and accountability.  

  

self determinationself determination is essential as we define and transform our lives and overcome challenges. we support the right of those in our community to identify their needs, goals, and choices and to share their story in their own time.

  

safety in communitysafety is a basic human need that is experienced both individually and collectively. a safe community is a place where each person is protected from harm and danger and safekeeping is upheld by the community as a whole. we rely on restorative approaches to justice and trauma informed practices to resolve conflicts in order to expand our understanding of each other. 

  

anti-racism and anti-oppressionanti-racism is the practice of identifying, challenging, and changing the values, structures and behaviors that marginalize others and perpetuate systemic racism and oppression. we work with a broad and deep commitment to end racism, oppression, and all forms of discrimination that divide us. we recognize the urgency of this work.

 

events
















    events
  



what we offer
















    learn about our programs
  



volunteer opportunities
















    get involved
  

 


“for the first time in a long time, i felt a part of a community. [on the rise] works with each of us as a ‘whole’ from inside to out.”

— a participant at on the rise

 

our partners & supporters 

   











 





























































 


  


 


 






























contact on the rise341 broadwaycambridge, ma 02139directionsp: 617-497-7968f: 617-492-9814info@ontherise.org

 











 

copyright © 2020, on the rise, inc. all rights reserved. 





 





