 

uproar: taking action against air traffic noise















• there's a roar overhead • in the morning • in the evening • all day long • 
there's an uproar over air traffic noise in the bay area


 more traffic
  air traffic into the bay area has doubled over the past 16 years
  increased noise
  increased air traffic noise is degrading our quality of life
  over the peninsula and the entire bay area
  jets now fly mainly over heavily populated cities instead of the bay
  lower altitudes
  air traffic is flying at far lower altitudes
  bigger planes
  new larger airplanes are noticeably louder mainly during
  approach but also at take-off

degrading our quality of life

since 1996 there has been a significant increase in the air traffic
flying over bay area communities.  we have been invaded by air
traffic flying into sfo, starting as early as 4:30 am and as late
as 1:00 am.   these large commercial planes used to fly over the
bay and at much higher altitudes, but are now flying at far lower
altitudes and at increased frequency over urban and suburban
neighborhoods.  this is degrading our quality of life, robbing us
of sleep, and polluting the environment.

increased noise

currently there are over 300 flights a day coming directly over our
neighborhoods at elevations as low as 2000 ft.  peninsula communities
from palo alto, menlo park, east palo alto, woodside, atherton,
portola valley, and redwood city; south bay neighborhoods of san
jose and santa clara, as well as the east bay cities of san leandro,
oakland, and berkeley have been most heavily impacted.  flights
from the east and pacific rim make their u-turn in an area known
as the menlo intersection that now extends well into palo alto.
this u-turn more than doubles the noise factor.



we can no longer enjoy our homes, gardens and parks without constant
interruptions from air traffic noise. many households no longer
sleep with the windows open thanks to late night and early morning
flights.  televisions and radios are far more frequently left on
throughout the day, and children spend more time inside than ever
before.

the role of the faa

the federal aviation administration (faa) has never been responsive
to noise complaints.  with no accountability to the epa or local
jurisdictions the faa is legally immune from any sort of regulation
outside of direct intervention by the us congress.  congress, being
heavily lobbied by the airline industry, has historically acted in
the best interests of the airlines with little or no recognition
of the very real costs being born by those of us who live under the
faa's flight paths.  airlines are thus free to route flights low
over heavily populated areas, saving 5 or 10 minutes of flight time
and $2 to $4 per ticket.  the net effect of this airline industry
lobbying is that our residential neighborhoods are subsidizing the
aviation industry more than ever.

enter uproar

a citizen's organization, uproar, has been formed to address
commercial air traffic and air traffic noise over our bay area
communities. uproar was formed because existing procedures for
reducing air noise and air traffic are not working.  the airport
roundtable, setup and funded by the sfo, is totally ineffectual.
it is merely a tool commonly used by large bureaucracies to diffuse
public outrage. the landlord of sfo is the city of san francisco.
increased air traffic will increase their revenues and tourist
trade. they are not concerned with the fact that it is ruining our
lives on the peninsula.  moreover, the environmental impact report
commitments by sfo have not been implemented - they have been
blatantly ignored.  uproar is developing a cohesive program to
address the issues of air traffic and air noise and to find workable
solutions to this increasing problem.

recommending changes

procedures have been identified that would substantially reduce the
air traffic and noise problems, but the sfo airport authorities
refuse to even seriously discuss them.  elimination of air traffic
noise can be achieved without negatively affecting aircraft safety.
flights can traverse the bay and at higher altitudes and over less
populated routes. many of the flights coming over the peninsula
today are significantly under the existing faa altitude guidelines.


 comments to: webmaster@uproar.org
  
