









market city shopping center - market city shopping center
























































x




                                        please contact stores and restaurants directly for their current hours of operation.                                    

learn more



















directory

tenant directory
directions & maps


specials
events
news
info

about us
health & safety
gift cards
leasing


 


select page


  
 
 













where locals eat & shop








where locals eat & shop










where locals eat & shop















explore market city







eat & shop





services





specials








a gathering place for families

market city shopping center, hawaii’s first, family-owned shopping center, has been a gathering place for the kaimuki, kapahulu and moiliili communities for more than 70 years. just minutes away from downtown honolulu and waikiki, market city is home to hawaii’s first foodland, other locally owned businesses, national chains, and an eclectic mix of eateries.

about us







a gathering place for families

market city shopping center, hawaii’s first, family-owned shopping center, has been a gathering place for the kaimuki, kapahulu and moiliili communities for more than 70 years. just minutes away from downtown honolulu and waikiki, market city is home to hawaii’s first foodland, other locally owned businesses, national chains, and an eclectic mix of eateries.

about us







events





chinese new year 2025

lively lion dancing, popping firecrackers, rhythmic taiko drumming and more are part of market city shopping center’s annual chinese new year celebration. the free event will be held on saturday, january 25, 2024, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the lower level parking lot fronting housemart ben franklin crafts. 
read more


 
all events



news





market city shopping center shines bright with merchants winning top honors in honolulu star-advertiser’s hawaii’s best 2024

sep 4, 2024we’re beyond excited to share that several of our amazing market city tenants have been recognized in the honoluluhonolulu star-advertiser’s hawaii’s best 2024! these businesses were voted by readers as the top spots on oʻahu, and we couldn’t be prouder.
read more


 
all news



new at market city

now open: sugar bar
sugar bar is dedicated to mastering the art and delivering this high-quality, specialized service to the community. its menu of services ranges from body sugaring of arms, legs and back, to bikini sugaring including brazilian.

now open: yi xin café
savor the authentic flavors of hong kong, malaysian and singaporean cuisines at yi xin cafe.

all tenants







follow us!

















marketcityhi
visit market city shopping center!
serving the communities of kaimuki, moilili and kapahulu since 1948.








the perfect pairing: musubi in one hand, and a coo






📸 by @onofoodobsession

“if you're not stirri
 





declutter your life, one box at a time—@kaimukis






from errands to island escapes, @drivehui makes it






love is in the air—and in @bfcrafts craft aisle!



 


load more...






 follow on instagram










 










let’s keep in touch

sign up for our e-newsletter to receive updates on the latest news, events, special promotions, sales, and more!








success!



name



email





subscribe




















market city shopping center
2919 kapiolani boulevard
honolulu, hi 96826



open 7 days a week
(hours vary by tenant)
tel: (808) 734-0282






contact
health & safety
gift cards
leasing
















©2021 market city shopping center 



followfollowfollow



 




























