





pittsburgh technology council - helping tech companies succeed 



 











 



















skip to content
























sign in


join up























about ustech council swagfortyx80president's messagestaff directoryboard of directorsptc in the newseventsathenacio of the year & tech titan awardsgolf outinghuntington bank breakfast briefinginformation technologymanufacturingnetworkingpublic policytalenttech 50women's focusedmember eventsvirtual archivesmembershiptestimonialsdefense roboticsbusiness developmenttalentvisibilitypublic policynew membersbenefitsmember incentivestalentk12 stementrepreneur regional partnershipshireup recruiting events professional developmentlaunchcareer connectorapprenti pghmediateq magazineonramp magazinestate of the industry report40 storiesmember newstech mappodcastsemerging tech law seriestechvibe radiopittsburgh founder10-minute tech talkshealth care reinventedcatalyst connection digital bridgeadvertising & sponsorship 

 search



 sign in


 join up













×


























































teq hub: pittsburgh tech takes ces by storm!




plus, news, features and podcasts from pittsburgh's tech sector




                        learn more
                        







2025 data center and energy innovation summit set for march 13




the summit will feature expert-led panels and keynote sessions on topics like sustainable energy integration, tech-driven infrastructure resilience, and state policies shaping data center growth. 




                        learn more
                        







member profile: translate one revolutionizes global communications




translate.one aims to connect the world through its tailored language services designed to break barriers, bridge cultures, and meet the unique challenges of global communication.




                        learn more
                        







fusing tradition and technology: piad's human-driven success story




at the core of piad’s growth is an unwavering commitment to technological advancement and a keen eye for the evolving needs of the industry. 




                        learn more
                        












































 





what we do!

the pittsburgh technology council can help your tech company succeed through a proven platform of:business developmenttalent retentiongovernment relationsvisibility servicescompanies at all growth stages use the pittsburgh technology council to build new business, connect to capital, grow a workforce and make headlines. 



                        visit page
                        





 




latest news
   




 



featured stories, featured, teq
defense robotics and innovation coalition helps tech council members  do business with the pentagon







thought leader, teq
every entrepreneur needs heroes to help them along the way







health care reinvented
how ai and data analytics are transforming the patient experience







one mic stand
authenticity in entrepreneurship: finding your true north begets success






view all latest news          

 




upcoming events




 




            01
        
/

            3        






                                featured event
                            

                                pathway to success: virtual internship fair                            

                                 pathway to success: virtual internship fair when: march 20, 2025where: virtual about event attendee registration employer registrationthe pathway to success:                             


                                    view event
                                






                                featured event
                            

                                explore the floor: premier automation                            

                                explore the floor at premier automation!
                            


                                    view event
                                






                                featured event
                            

                                hireup: top talent                            

                                 hireup: top talent when: february 27, 2025where: franklin integrated interiors about event employers register here top talent hire up at franklin integrated                             


                                    view event
                                










                    next event
                

                        explore the floor: premier automation                    




                    previous event
                

                        virtual membership overview session                    



 



×













pittsburgh cool








compunetix
compunetix is the leading developer of converged voip, voice, video, and data collaboration and conferencing applications for the service provider, government, and corporate enterprise markets. 

                view bio
            







carnegie robotics
carnegie robotics is focused on engineering autonomy and producing the components that power autonomy. 

                view bio
            













pittsburgh tech workforce development





 




                    our sponsors
                








































































                    stay up to date                


want to keep in touch with the ptc? sign up below and we will send you updates on all the new things going on in the world of pittsburgh's tech sector. and don't worry, your email is safe with us.











sign up









sitemap



about useventsmembershiptalentmediapodcastsadvertising & sponsorship 



contact uspolicieshow to join 






















                                copyright © 2025 pittsburgh technology council. all rights reserved.
                            











                                    let us show you why you should join today. contact us at
                                    412-687-2700
                                    or stop by the office at
                                    
                                        100 south commons, suite 172, pittsburgh, pa 15212
                                    
                                    and say hello!
                                















 




