






roman catholic womenpriests-usa





















































welcome

welcome
regions
about us
history
faqs


ministries

ministries
meet the ordained
answering the call to priesthood
social justice
spiritual reflections
prayer requests
resources


worshiping communities

worshiping communities


events

events
ordinations
retreats and gatherings
news and press releases
archives


contact us

contact us
join our mailing list
members only


donate

make a donation


 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome to rcwp
























































rcwp-usa mourns the loss of one of our founders, bishop patricia “trish” fresen. ordained a priest in 2003, and a bishop in 2005, trish’s influence in the modern womenpriest movement touched every corner of the world through her support, ordination, and mentoring of the women who now stand on her shoulders. we know that our god welcomed her with grateful and loving arms for her service in the name of jesus throughout her life.
we invite you to watch this joyful celebration of her life, and to witness the power of women’s ordination, answering the call of holy obedience to the spirit, to love all of god’s people.
we bless trish for the ways she showed us how to love. may her memory be an inspiration and a blessing.





roman catholic women priests (rcwp) is an international movement within the roman catholic church.
the mission of roman catholic women priests is to prepare, ordain in apostolic succession, and support primarily women who are called by the holy spirit and their communities to a renewed priestly ministry rooted in justice and faithfulness to the gospel.
this international movement is operating worldwide with two groups formed in the usa referred to as roman catholic womenpriests-usa (rcwp-usa) and the association of roman catholic women priests (arcwp). both of these organizations have international members. these women priests are ministering in over 34 usa states and are also present in canada, europe, south and central america, south africa, philippines and taiwan.





welcome to rcwp-usa romancatholicwomenpriests.org
womenpriests (and some men) are at the forefront of a model of service that offers a renewed priestly ministry in vibrant grassroots communities. roman catholic womenpriests-usa is divided into geographical regions.













welcome to arcwp 
 arcwp.org
the association of roman catholic women priests prepares and ordains qualified women and men to serve the people of god as priests in a community of equals 





welcome to rcwp canada
 rcwpcanada.altervista.org 
roman catholic women priests has grown and expanded globally. respectful of cultural distinctions, members of rcwp canada adhere to the following values: equality justice, accountability, collegiality, and prophetic obedience













welcome to rcwp-europe
for more information, contact:
 christine mayr-lumetzberger mmcml@inode.at www.priesterinnen.net
 





welcome to rcwp-central-south america 
for more information, contact
olga alvarez olallbe@gmail.com













welcome to rcwp-south africa
for more information, contact:
dianne willlman rcwp.sa@gmail.com
mary ryan drmaryryan@gmail.com





this website is funded and features predominately information regarding rcwp-usa with links to the other international roman catholic women priest members
 find us in rcwp-usa


usa-west region
romancatholicwomenpriestswest.org
alaska, arizona, california, hawaii, idaho,nevada, new mexico, oregon,texas, utah, washington

usa-east region
rcwpeast.org
connecticut, delaware, dc, maine, maryland, massachusetts, new hampshire, new jersey, new york, pennsylvania (eastern half), rhode island, vermont


usa-midwest region
rcwpmidwest.org
indiana, iowa, michigan upper peninsula, minnesota, montana, nebraska, north dakota, south dakota, wisconsin, wyoming


usa-great waters region
rcwpgreatwatersregion.org
colorado, illinois, indiana, kansas, michigan-lower peninsula, missouri, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania (western half), west virginia


usa-southern region
contact: jacqueline m. clarys    jmclarys@gmail.com
alabama, arkansas, florida, georgia, kentucky, louisiana,
mississippi, north carolina, puerto rico,
south carolina, tennessee, virginia

 usa-region for the holy margins
contact: mary alice nolan   maryalicenolan1952@gmail.com
non-geographical region (includes members from all states)




to find a roman catholic womenpriest in your area, click on the state.
















   

for current news and articles related to the women’s ordination movement and renewal of the catholic church, please visit our facebook, twitter and bridget mary’s blog. bridget mary’s blog and the association of roman catholic womenpriests operate independently of roman catholic womenpriests-usa, inc. this third party blog is for informational purposes only. for semi-monthly news relating to the rcwp in canada see rcwp canada’s publication, the review, at rcwpcanada.altervista.org 

this website was created and is maintained by roman catholic womenpriests-usa, inc. (rcwp-usa, inc.), a california 501 (c) 3 non-profit corporation, as an educational and informational service to the public. rcwp-usa, inc. promotes and supports the ordination of women and men in a renewed priestly ministry in the roman catholic church. this website provides information about rcwp worldwide, with special focus on rcwp in the usa. every ministry convened by a rcwp member operates separately and independently from roman catholic womenpriests-usa, inc. rcwp-usa, inc. disclaims any responsibility for the operation of these ministries. the biographical information and descriptions of the ministries are for informational purposes only. this website also contains links to third party sites. such links do not constitute or imply an endorsement and/or sponsorship by rcwp-usa, inc. rcwp-usa, inc. is not responsible for such third party websites and is not liable for the contents therein.



 







© 2023 roman catholic womenpriests-usa, inc. 
















