



commercial refrigeration equipment: walk-in and reach-in freezers and coolers (chillers), display cases, and merchandisers.




















 




                1-800-xxx-xxxx
            

                selling refrigeration equipment?
                have your phone here!
                rent entire site or per product categories.
            

 




home




about




product by type


reach-in coolers and freezers


open vertical merchandisers


service merchandisers


multi-deck vertical merchandisers


open freezers


supermarket cases


walk-in coolers and freezers


custom solutions,
                                    components and parts


doors


buiding components








products by usage


what to be cold or hot?


beverage coolers and chillers:soda, juice, water ...


produce merchandisers and displays:fruits, vegetables, greens ...


deli displays and merchandisers:meats, cheeses, salads ...


bakery merchandisers and diplay cases:breads, pizza, pastry, cakes ...


diplay cases and merchandisers forsandwiches, salads, sushi ...


hot food showcase displays and merchandisers:soups, rotisserie, roasted meats and poultry...


cold display cases and merchandisers forfresh and frozen meat and poultry


fresh / frozen fish and seafooddisplays and  merchandisers


dairy products: milk, yogurt, cheeses ...


ice & ice cream


medical & pharmaceutical


frozen food


floral




where refrigerator to be used?


convenince store


food market


beer, liquor  & package stores


supermarket


deli markets


restaurants


food processing


floral


medical and nursing care


municipalities


government facilities


armed forces and services


custom solutions,
                                            components and parts


doors


buiding components










contacts




faq




calculators




links


 
 

a complete line of refrigeration equipment to meet your needs!

 





what

		do you need to be

        cold?


beverage coolers: 

            soda, juice, water ...


produce merchandisers and displays:fruits, vegetables, greens ...


deli displays and merchandisers: meats, cheeses, salads ...



bakery diplay cases: breads, pizza, pastry, cakes ...


diplay cases and merchandisers for sandwiches, salads, sushi ...



showcase displays for hot food


merchandisers and displays for fresh and frozen meat and poultry


displays and  merchandisers for fresh / frozen fish and seafood


dairy products: milk, 
            yogurt, cheeses ...

ice & ice cream

medical & pharmaceutical

frozen food

floral display  cases


also check out these
commercial / industrial refrigeration articles
maintenance prevents refrigeration failure, product loss.(hotel operations: mold remediation)

hotel & motel management; 11/1/2004; higgins, stacey mieyal 


going natural with refrigeration energy.(the open door)

appliance; 8/1/2004; vallort, ron


china refrigeration 2004.(special report)

appliance; 7/1/2004; zhang, sean 


stay cool: walk-in coolers are not refrigerators--but they are equipped with refrigeration systems. do you know what size you need?(equipment clinic)

food service director; 6/15/2004; domek, tad 


strategies for successful refrigeration energy audits. (commercial refrigeration & energy, statistical data included)

contracting business; 8/1/2002; ward, david 


commercial refrigeration: a working example.(commercial refrigeration systems)

contracting business; 8/1/2001 


keeping it cold with style.

contracting business; 8/1/2001; hall, gary

commercial coolers and freezers - full selection of refrigeration equipment

commercial 
   			reach-in refrigerators: coolers & freezers, 
			  commercial walk-in coolers & freezers; we have the most complete line of 
              refrigeration equipment and can service all your commercial needs 
              with just a few clicks of your mouse key.
a complete line of commercial 
              modular cooler coils and commercial 
              refrigeration systems for your walk-in 
              coolers & freezers that requires no plumbing; just plug 
              them in. for additional information, ask us about our cold tech ii line.
whether you're looking for commercial refrigeration for your convenience 
              store, variety store, supermarket, grocery store, or restaurant 
              refrigeration equipment, or coolers for boutique, we have all kinds 
              of commercial / industrial refrigeration equipment. may be you need 
              coolers or freezers for health care facility, hospital, nursing 
              home, municipality, commercial building or armed services? we can 
              help you - contact our commercial / industrial refrigeration professionals.
fridge solutions offers the finest stainless steel refrigerators and 
              freezers. we offer the only 40 cubic foot side-by-side stainless steel 
              freezer/refrigerator for the finest homes. also available are commercial 
              refrigerated floral cases.
we offer a complete line of prefabricated polyurethane insulated 
              walk-ins, refrigerated warehouses, non-refrigerated warehouses and 
              non-refrigerated buildings currently used by ford & ikea. while 
              browsing fridgesolutions.com, you will find commercial refrigeration equipment of all sizes, types and capacities.
fridgesolutions.com offers sliding glass door & swing glass door 
              commercial refrigerators, swing glass door commercial refrigerated 
              freezers & bagged ice merchandisers, and under counter commercial 
              refrigerated coolers & freezers. we have a complete line of 
              deli, dairy, produce, meat, sandwich, frozen food, and ice cream 
              refrigerated merchandisers as well as hot and dry cases. most commercial 
              refrigerators can be self contained or remotely refrigerated.




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

new to refrigeration or need some references?

refrigeration basics

                brought to you by...


this material explains in basic terms the principals that are used to 
            create the refrigeration effect. first of all, did you know that there 
            is no such thing as cold? you can describe something as cold and everyone 
            will know what you mean, but cold really only means that something contains 
            less heat than something else. all there really is, is greater and lesser 
            amounts of heat. the definition of refrigeration is the removal and relocation 
            of heat. so if something is to be refrigerated, it is to have heat removed 
            from it. if you have a warm can of pop at say 80 degrees fahrenheit and 
            you would prefer to drink it at 40 degrees, you could place it in your 
            fridge for a while, heat would somehow be removed from it, and you could 
            eventually enjoy a less warm pop. (oh, all right, a cold pop.) but let's 
            say you placed that 40 degree pop in the freezer for a while and when 
            you removed it, it was at 35 degrees. see what i mean, even "cold" objects 
            have heat content that can be reduced to a state of "less heat content". 
            the limit to this process would be to remove all heat from an object. 
            this would occur if an object was cooled to absolute zero which is -273° 
            c or -460° f. they come close to creating this temperature under laboratory 
            conditions and strange things like electrical superconductivity occur...
            more • top
definitions: temperature, heat, specific heat, ... insulator, conductor, ...
            temperature scales are a way of describing how hot a substance is. a 
            lump of matter contains energy. there are many forms of energy, one 
            of them is kinetic energy and measuring temperature is a way of measuring 
            how furiously the molecules contained in a lump of substance are moving 
            about. this molecular activity causes what we perceive as the temperature 
            of an object. a refrigeration mechanic must be able to deal with temperatures 
            in various scales. traditionally the english system has been used (fahrenheit 
            degrees) and a whole series of familiar capacity measurements like horse 
            power, btu's, tons, and psi have been the norm. however the metric system 
            which is supposed to be easier to work with is encroaching in many locations. 
            in both systems there are standard and absolute temperature scales. 
            try playing with the above temperature converter. type a value in any 
            one of the input boxes and click on the convert button. here are several 
            interesting values to try: -40°f, 0°r, 373°k, 21°c...
            more • top
fundamentals of refrigeration
            modern refrigeration has many applications, such as preserving medicine, 
            blood, and the most important application, the preservation of food. 
            most foods kept at room temperature spoil rapidly. this is due to the 
            rapid growth of bacteria. refrigeration preserves food by keeping it 
            cold, which greatly slows down the growth of bacteria. in days past, 
            blocks of ice were used in iceboxes to refrigerate food and other items. 
            these iceboxes were small and not very practical. today, mechanical 
            refrigeration systems make transportation, storage, and use of refrigerated 
            goods easy and practical.
the installation, operation, adjustment, and repair of refrigeration 
            equipment are the primary responsibility of the refrigeration technician. 
            to perform these duties required of a refrigeration technician, you 
            need to understand the principles and theory of refrigeration and recognize 
            system components and understand the way they work within the system.
this course also covers methods of installing, maintaining, and repairing 
            refrigeration equipment and maintaining, servicing, and repairing domestic 
            refrigerators and freezers...
            more • top
commercial refrigeration - terms, considerations and more 
            the general purpose of a refrigeration system is to cool and store food and 
            thereby preserve its shelf life. 
            this is accomplished by removing heat energy from the low temperature storage
            condition (i.e. the heat source) and transferring this heat energy to a higher 
            temperature medium (i.e., the heat sink) usually outdoor air.
other examples of refrigeration are:

holding and displaying perishable food.
chilling liquid for process cooling (common in the 
                food processing industry) and possibly to make hot water (to provide 
                heat for air handler heating or reheat. supermarkets routinely use this 
                last concept.
chilling brine to freeze an ice sheet (e.g., a hockey 
                arena).
heat pump systems (please see the separate section covering 
                heat pumps in more detail.

refrigeration is only a means to an end. in most cases, that end 
            is the preservation of foods. refrigeration is often a significant 
            steady use of year-round electricity since this equipment runs even 
            when the building is unoccupied. therefore, it is usually cost effective 
            to install the most efficient refrigeration practical. consequently, 
            utility representatives work closely with consumers during the early 
            planning stages to help consumers understand their options. they will 
            be alert to consumer expansion needs and the potential replacement 
            of old inefficient equipment with new, improved units...
            more • top
refrigeration cycle: scientific principles
central refrigeration guide
            centralized refrigeration systems maintain cold and freezing temperatures 
            in food display cases and walk-in storage coolers in supermarkets, 
            convenience stores, florists, liquor stores, delis, and restaurants. 
            these systems account for 40 to 50 percent of a supermarket's or convenience 
            store's total energy use and energy efficiency can generally be substantially 
            improved. for such businesses, where profit margins are very low, 
            reducing these costs can significantly improve profits. to best serve 
            these commercial customers, an understanding of central commercial 
            refrigeration systems is required...
            more • top
refrigeration & food safety
            a refrigerator is one of the most important pieces of equipment in 
            the kitchen for keeping foods safe. these electric units are so commonplace 
            today, we forget a refrigerator was once little more than a box with 
            a block of ice used to supply a rather undependable source of cold 
            air. but we are instantly reminded of its importance to our daily 
            lives when the power goes off or the unit fails, putting our food’s 
            safety in jeopardy...
            more • top
regulations / standardization
            this section contains a set of documents and information on regulations 
            and standardization applying to the refrigeration sector at global or 
            regional levels. original texts and links with reference sites are provided. 
            summary sheets, glossaries and news prepared by the iir are also presented...
          more • top
 



 

where
		do you need
		cooler or freezer?  
food markets

convenience stores

beer, liquor 
            & package stores

deli markets

supermarkets

medical

armed services

government facilities

municipalities

floral

restaurants

food processing


stay cool: walk-in coolers 

                  are not refrigerators - but they are equipped with refrigeration 

                  systems. do you know what size you need?(equipment clinic)

food service director;6/15/2004;domek, tad 

                 the use of refrigerator-based equipment is a requirement of 

                  all food service operations--large or small--almost without 

                  exception. and being of such common occurrence, it's normal 

                  to take such equipment for granted. 

                 however, like many other aspects of food service equipment, 

                  there's always opportunity to learn more about use and function 

                  of refrigeration. try to answer the following questions: 

                

* does a refrigeration system pump cold air into a unit to lower the temperature of the food therein? or, does it extract the heat from the food to lower its temperature? 



* what is the correct temperature for holding refrigerated meats, vegetables, beverages, etc.? 



* how long should it take to reduce cooked product temperatures from 140[degrees]f to below 40[degrees]f? 



* based on meal volume, what size in cubic feet should a raw bulk storage cooler be? 

                 * is a water-cooled refrigeration system faster than an air-cooled 

                  system? 
complete 

                  article • top

maintenance prevents refrigeration failure, product loss.(hotel operations: mold remediation)

hotel & motel management; 11/1/2004; higgins, stacey mieyal 


going natural with refrigeration energy.(the open door)

appliance; 8/1/2004; vallort, ron


china refrigeration 2004.(special report)

appliance; 7/1/2004; zhang, sean 


stay cool: walk-in coolers are not refrigerators--but they are equipped with refrigeration systems. do you know what size you need?(equipment clinic)

food service director; 6/15/2004; domek, tad 


strategies for successful refrigeration energy audits. (commercial refrigeration & energy, statistical data included)

contracting business; 8/1/2002; ward, david 


commercial refrigeration: a working example.(commercial refrigeration systems)

contracting business; 8/1/2001 


keeping it cold with style.

contracting business; 8/1/2001; hall, gary 


all commercial refrigeration related articles ... 
top



 

 


www.fridgesolutions.com

reach-in coolers & freezers 
                    • open vertical merchandisers 
                    • service type merchandisers 
                    • multi-deck vertical merchandisers

open freezers 
                    • supermarket cases 
                    • walk-in coolers & freezers
                    • doors 
                    • building products
 
 
 



 


