





	u.s. naval war college




































  





search this site





 


 close 







  







































academics & programs
programs offered
colleges & academies
academic resources
academic calendars
academic policies
examination & grading
student support
academic catalog


academic vision & outcomes
application & enrollment



research & wargaming
research centers
china maritime studies institute
russia maritime studies institute
stockton center for international law
center on irregular warfare & armed groups
cyber & innovation policy institute
hattendorf center for maritime historical research
u.s. naval war college archives
women, peace, and security


wargaming
about wargaming
game reports


study groups
arctic studies group
asia-pacific studies group
africa studies group
europe-russia studies group
greater middle east studies group
indian ocean studies group
latin america studies group
climate & human security studies group
oceanography & maritime security studies group
space studies group


advanced research programs
cipi gravely program
halsey alfa group
halsey bravo group
holloway group
stockdale leader development concentration
joint land, air, sea strategic-special program





faculty & departments
directory
academic departments
strategy & policy department
joint military operations department
national security affairs department
strategic & operational research department
wargaming department
international programs department


administrative departments
alumni programs
human resources
nwc medical
public affairs
registrar
security
office of naval intelligence detachment
staff judge advocate’s office
reserve affairs





student information
resident domestic students
housing
counseling
religious activities
health services
recreation, extracurricular, & social activities


resident international students
arrival information
housing


distance education students
college of maritime operational warfare
online professional military education



about
mission & vision
history & campus
past presidents


college leadership & advisory board
academic leadership
senior administration officers
senior advisors


newport, ri
naval station newport
emergency information
directions & visiting information
contact us
contact search





publications
naval war college press
policies & submissions


faculty publications
reports & studies
journals
u.s. naval war college podcasts









learning commons
news & events
intranet
blackboard
  access search





 





information for…

students
current staff and faculty
alumni
visitors







 

         the war college is a place of original research on all questions relating to war and to statesmanship connected with war, or the prevention of war.             adm. stephen b. luce    





 

  u.s. naval war college programs     all programs    established in 1884 as an advanced course of professional study for naval officers, the u.s. naval war college educates and develops leaders at specific stages in their careers from all services, u.s. government agencies and departments, and international navies. 



 

      intermediate officers o3, o4        senior officers o5, o6        flag/general officers o7+        government civilians gs11 - ses             intermediate officers                                o3, o4                                 fleet seminar program                                          the fleet seminar program delivers joint professional military education phase i to students who cannot attend the u.s. naval war college in-residence. courses offered at multiple naval bases and stations across the united states. the academic year runs from the first week in september to the third week in may and each course requires one academic year to complete.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           graduate degree program                                          the graduate degree program offered by college of distance education provides an opportunity for fleet seminar program students and graduates who meet the program's eligibility requirements and are accepted into the program to earn a master of arts degree.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           international maritime staff operators course                                          international maritime staff operator course provides international students the skills needed to support the planning and execution of maritime operations and integrate with existing operational planning teams. designed to meet the learning needs of maritime officers, the course uses the u.s. navy maritime operations center as an organizing concept, and is informed by nato, un joint and u.s. naval doctrine, with a special emphasis on the u.s. navy planning process.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4)  duration of program: 12 weeks           m.a. in defense and strategic studies and jpme phase i credit                                          m.a. in defense and strategic studies for resident students is divided into trimesters with core teachings and electives. core courses are primarily taught in seminar format but include capstone exercises, wargame participation, and writing assignments.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                                                                    intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs13, gs14)  duration of program: 10 months           maritime advanced warfighting school                                          maritime advanced warfighting school is a resident program that is completed in conjunction with college of naval command and staff curriculum. objectives for this course are to develop strategic and operational leaders with the skills required to plan, execute, and assess combined, joint, and naval operations.                                    explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                                                                    intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs13)  duration of program: 13 months           maritime operational planners course                                          the maritime operational planners course (mopc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. mopc develops planners capable of performing in dynamic, complex, and high-tempo maritime operational environments. this course produces officers that are capable of forming, organizing, and leading operational planning teams and are proficient in the detailed application of the navy planning process.                                    explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14)  duration of program: 12-13 weeks           maritime security & governance staff course                                          the maritime security and governance staff course is an unclassified five-month course designed to provide officers from small navies and coast guards the knowledge and skills necessary to more effectively promote and achieve maritime security and good maritime governance in their national and regional waters.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4)  duration of program: 22 weeks           maritime staff operators course                                          the maritime staff operators course (msoc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. msoc provides education in the application of the maritime operations center concept, organization and processes; maritime operational level of warfare concepts, terminology and processes; and the navy planning process in order to produce graduates capable of immediately supporting the commander’s decision cycle at the operational level of warfare in a dynamic and complex environment.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4) junior officers (o1, o2) senior enlisted (e7+) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14)  duration of program: five weeks           naval staff college diploma for international students                                          naval staff college diploma (nsc) is a graduate-level curriculum that emphasizes naval planning and decision making, with particular attention to broadening the officers’ understanding of the importance and role of sea power in international affairs. it consists of three major areas of study, electives program, field studies program, and country presentations. u.s. students may apply to be embedded in nsc.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4)  duration of program: 11 months           online program                                          the naval command and staff online program educates students on the fundamentals of u.s. national security policy, military strategy, and the relationship between them. the program is organized into five educational blocks and all blocks must be completed to earn joint professional military education phase i credit.                                   explore program      location: wherever the eligible student is located learning format: web                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15, ses)  duration of program: 41 weeks           u.s. naval war college at the naval postgraduate school                                          u.s. naval war college (nwc) monterey is a satellite office of nwc, college of distance education located on campus at the naval postgraduate school (nps) in monterey, california. in partnership with nps, we provide qualified officers and select dod civilians attending nps the opportunity to earn an nwc diploma and joint professional military education phase i credit.                                   explore program      location: naval postgraduate school in monterey, california learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: 12 months               senior officers                                o5, o6                                 executive level operational level of warfare course                                          the executive level operational level of warfare course (eloc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. eloc focuses at the senior leadership level; the course will ensure the attendees are properly educated in, and understand the intricacies of, effectively participating in the decision-making process and managing a maritime operations center and its resources.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o6)  duration of program: one week           fleet seminar program                                          the fleet seminar program delivers joint professional military education phase i to students who cannot attend the u.s. naval war college in-residence. courses offered at multiple naval bases and stations across the united states. the academic year runs from the first week in september to the third week in may and each course requires one academic year to complete.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           graduate degree program                                          the graduate degree program offered by college of distance education provides an opportunity for fleet seminar program students and graduates who meet the program's eligibility requirements and are accepted into the program to earn a master of arts degree.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           m.a. in national security and strategic studies and jpme phase ii credit                                          m.a. in national security and strategic studies for resident students is divided into trimesters with core teachings and electives. core courses are primarily taught in seminar format but include capstone exercises, wargame participation, and writing assignments.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) u.s. government civilians (gs14, gs15)  duration of program: 10 months           maritime operational planners course                                          the maritime operational planners course (mopc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. mopc develops planners capable of performing in dynamic, complex, and high-tempo maritime operational environments. this course produces officers that are capable of forming, organizing, and leading operational planning teams and are proficient in the detailed application of the navy planning process.                                    explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14)  duration of program: 12-13 weeks           maritime security & governance staff course                                          the maritime security and governance staff course is an unclassified five-month course designed to provide officers from small navies and coast guards the knowledge and skills necessary to more effectively promote and achieve maritime security and good maritime governance in their national and regional waters.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4)  duration of program: 22 weeks           maritime staff operators course                                          the maritime staff operators course (msoc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. msoc provides education in the application of the maritime operations center concept, organization and processes; maritime operational level of warfare concepts, terminology and processes; and the navy planning process in order to produce graduates capable of immediately supporting the commander’s decision cycle at the operational level of warfare in a dynamic and complex environment.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4) junior officers (o1, o2) senior enlisted (e7+) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14)  duration of program: five weeks           naval staff college diploma for international students                                          naval staff college diploma (nsc) is a graduate-level curriculum that emphasizes naval planning and decision making, with particular attention to broadening the officers’ understanding of the importance and role of sea power in international affairs. it consists of three major areas of study, electives program, field studies program, and country presentations. u.s. students may apply to be embedded in nsc.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4)  duration of program: 11 months           ncc diploma for international students                                          naval command college diploma is a residence graduate-level study program for senior international officers. the program consists of orientation, core curriculum, electives, field studies program, and the cultural exchange. international students are fully integrated with their u.s. counterparts in the college of naval warfare and must complete all class, seminar exercises, and writing assignments.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6)  duration of program: 11 months           online program                                          the naval command and staff online program educates students on the fundamentals of u.s. national security policy, military strategy, and the relationship between them. the program is organized into five educational blocks and all blocks must be completed to earn joint professional military education phase i credit.                                   explore program      location: wherever the eligible student is located learning format: web                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15, ses)  duration of program: 41 weeks               flag/general officers                                o7+                                 advanced flag and senior executive course                                          the advanced flag and executive course (aflex) brings together 3-star flag and senior executive service members (ses) navigating a whole new level of rapid change and dynamism in their roles to build a culture of excellence, warfighter resilience and readiness, and learning organizations with a growth mindset.                                   explore program      location: washington, d.c. and virtual learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                    flag and general officers (o7+) u.s. government civilians (ses)  duration of program: five days           combined force maritime component commander course                                          combined force maritime component commander flag course educates students to focus on the operational level while working toward maritime security. the course serves as a forum to develop and deepen relationships based upon trust and confidence among stakeholders and nations in the framework of regional challenges. it also helps to evolve the combined maritime command and control concepts and mechanisms, while advancing the understanding of those security issues facing participating nations.                                   explore program      location: site of regional headquarters for u.s. forces learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                    flag and general officers (o7+)  duration of program: one week           intermediate flag and senior executive course                                          the intermediate flag and executive course (iflex) challenges 2-star flag officers and senior executive service leaders to think more critically and adaptively as they serve in positions of increased responsibility and complexity.                                   explore program      location: washington. d.c. and virtual learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                    flag and general officers (o7+) u.s. government civilians (ses)  duration of program: five days           joint force maritime component commander course                                          the joint force maritime component commander course is part of a series of professional military education courses. this course is designed to prepare u.s. and international students for theater-level combat leadership and to give them a broad perspective of operational and strategic levels of war.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                    flag and general officers (o7+)  duration of program: one week               government civilians                                gs11 - ses                                 fleet seminar program                                          the fleet seminar program delivers joint professional military education phase i to students who cannot attend the u.s. naval war college in-residence. courses offered at multiple naval bases and stations across the united states. the academic year runs from the first week in september to the third week in may and each course requires one academic year to complete.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           graduate degree program                                          the graduate degree program offered by college of distance education provides an opportunity for fleet seminar program students and graduates who meet the program's eligibility requirements and are accepted into the program to earn a master of arts degree.                                   explore program      location: 19 regional locations learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: three years           m.a. in defense and strategic studies and jpme phase i credit                                          m.a. in defense and strategic studies for resident students is divided into trimesters with core teachings and electives. core courses are primarily taught in seminar format but include capstone exercises, wargame participation, and writing assignments.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                                                                    intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs13, gs14)  duration of program: 10 months           m.a. in national security and strategic studies and jpme phase ii credit                                          m.a. in national security and strategic studies for resident students is divided into trimesters with core teachings and electives. core courses are primarily taught in seminar format but include capstone exercises, wargame participation, and writing assignments.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) u.s. government civilians (gs14, gs15)  duration of program: 10 months           maritime advanced warfighting school                                          maritime advanced warfighting school is a resident program that is completed in conjunction with college of naval command and staff curriculum. objectives for this course are to develop strategic and operational leaders with the skills required to plan, execute, and assess combined, joint, and naval operations.                                    explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                                                                    intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs13)  duration of program: 13 months           maritime staff operators course                                          the maritime staff operators course (msoc) is part of a series of professional military education courses. msoc provides education in the application of the maritime operations center concept, organization and processes; maritime operational level of warfare concepts, terminology and processes; and the navy planning process in order to produce graduates capable of immediately supporting the commander’s decision cycle at the operational level of warfare in a dynamic and complex environment.                                   explore program      location: u.s. naval war college in newport, rhode island learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5) intermediate officers (o3, o4) junior officers (o1, o2) senior enlisted (e7+) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14)  duration of program: five weeks           online program                                          the naval command and staff online program educates students on the fundamentals of u.s. national security policy, military strategy, and the relationship between them. the program is organized into five educational blocks and all blocks must be completed to earn joint professional military education phase i credit.                                   explore program      location: wherever the eligible student is located learning format: web                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15, ses)  duration of program: 41 weeks           u.s. naval war college at the naval postgraduate school                                          u.s. naval war college (nwc) monterey is a satellite office of nwc, college of distance education located on campus at the naval postgraduate school (nps) in monterey, california. in partnership with nps, we provide qualified officers and select dod civilians attending nps the opportunity to earn an nwc diploma and joint professional military education phase i credit.                                   explore program      location: naval postgraduate school in monterey, california learning format: classroom                                         eligibility:                                                                                                                            senior officers (o5, o6) intermediate officers (o3, o4) u.s. government civilians (gs11, gs12, gs13, gs14, gs15)  duration of program: 12 months        






 

 research, wargaming & publications         scholarship and research                           nearly a century after stephen b. luce founded the u.s. naval war college as “a place of original research on all questions relating to war and the statesmanship connected with war, or the prevention of war,” the center for naval warfare studies was established within the college for broadly based, advanced research on the naval contributions to national strategy. the center has complemented the curriculum at the u.s. naval war college by providing a place for dedicated research that fuels our mission to educate future leaders, helps to define the future u.s. navy, and informs national policy.                                           read more                   




 

featured faculty member



  evan  wilson              associate professor                |                                    john b. hattendorf center for maritime historical research                                   evan wilson researches the naval history of britain and other countries from the eighteenth to the twentieth centuries. a recipient of the sir julian corbett prize in modern naval history, he is the author or editor of seven books, most recently planning for war at sea: 400 years of great power competition, which he edited with paul kennedy. before coming to newport, he was the caird senior research fellow at the national maritime museum (uk) and the associate director of international security studies at yale university. he holds degrees from yale, cambridge and oxford.           publications by this professor 




 

recent publicationsthe opinions expressed in these works are those of the authors alone and do not reflect official positions of nwc, the department of the navy, or department of defense.



              donald trump's machiavellian instincts           james r. holmes the national interest               china’s vulnerabilities should not breed complacency           james holmes the national interest               how russia’s quest for influence made it embrace chaos - moscow’s strategic trajectory from partner to disruptor           nikolas k. gvosdev cirsd 






 

  at the u.s. naval war college     news & media  



                           welcome incoming students, class of march 2026                                  december 10, 2024                                   congratulations on being selected to attend the u.s. naval war college (nwc)! the nwc faculty and staff look forward to your arrival and the opportunity to get to know you and work with you during your time here.                  find out more  




 

          u.s. army’s top officer receives naval war college distinguished graduate award                      feb. 13, 2025             news publication    




 

              naval war college review           u.s. naval war college digital commons a journal of scholarly commentary on global policy, national security, and military history. 




 

          u.s. naval war college graduation     jun. 16, 2023 10:00 a.m. u.s. naval war college, 686 cushing road, newport, ri 02841




 

         u.s. naval war college podcasts      u.s. naval war college produced podcasts concerning past and present naval strategy, history, and technology.









incoming students





 

              resident students                       naval station newport is home to 50 military commands, educational institutions, and services. while your focus will be on academics, you’ll also have the opportunity to enjoy what the city of newport and the naval station have to offer.           contact information                      dean of students office                    (401) 856-5500  deanofstudents@usnwc.edu dsn 856-5500                       college of maritime operational warfare                    (401) 856-5800  cmow_admin@usnwc.edu dsn 856-5800      college of leadership and ethics college of maritime operational warfare college of naval command and staff college of naval warfare 




 

              distance education students                       the u.s. naval war college (nwc) distance education programs were designed to fit into the geographic and time constraints of students unable to participate in our traditional residential program. the college of distance education at nwc offers access to the same rigorous curriculum and world-class faculty.           contact information                      college of distance education                    (401) 856-5520  cde@usnwc.edu dsn 856-5520      college of distance education 




 

              international students                       the u.s. naval war college welcomes senior and midcareer officers from navies around the world. each year, we bring together u.s. and international students from diverse cultures to share their maritime traditions, experiences, and challenges.            contact information                      international programs                    (401) 856-5200  international.programs@usnwc.edu dsn 856-5200      naval command college naval staff college 







  



 

              nwc featured alumni          




 

      u.s. navy  rear admiral amy n. bauernschmidt                           rear adm. amy n. bauernschmidt is a native of milwaukee, wisc. and 1994 graduate of the u.s. naval academy with a bs in ocean engineering. she earned an ma in from the naval war college and was designated a naval aviator in 1996 with over 3,000 flight hours in naval aircraft. her sea tours include the helicopter anti-submarine squadron light 45 twice with uss john young; aide-de-camp to commander, carrier strike group 7 with uss john c. stennis; hsl-51 twice aboard uss kitty hawk; executive and commanding officer of helicopter maritime strike squadron 70 aboard uss george h.w. bush; and executive officer of uss abraham lincoln. her tours ashore include instructor pilot and quality assurance officer of hsl-41; executive assistant and action officer to the director, joint staff/j6; and senior military advisor to the secretary of state’s office of global women’s issues. her awards include the legion of merit, defense meritorious service medal, meritorious service medal, navy/marine commendation medal, navy and marine corps achievement medal and various unit, campaign and service medals.                                      college of naval warfare, 2013                    u.s. navy  rear admiral erik j. eslich                           rear adm. erik j. eslich is a native of fort lauderdale, florida. he attended the united states naval academy and the naval war college and is currently director, maritime operations, u.s. pacific fleet. at sea, he was commander of carrier strike group twelve and served aboard uss lake erie, uss wasp, and uss oscar austin. he was executive officer for both uss o’kane and uss ramage. ashore, he served as a u.s. house of representatives case officer, office of legislative affairs; executive assistant to commander, naval surface force atlantic; global requirements officer at the joint integrated air and missile defense organization; surface warfare community manager at the bureau of navy personnel; executive assistant to the deputy commander and commander at u.s. fleet forces command; and deputy commander at u.s. seventh fleet. his decorations include the legion of merit, defense meritorious service medal, navy meritorious service medal, navy and marine corps commendation medal, navy and marine corps achievement medal, and various campaign and service medals and ribbons.                                      college of naval command and staff, 2005                    u.s. marine corps  brigadier general matthew tracy                           brigadier general matthew tracy is the commanding general, education command and president, marine corps university. he was educated at the basic school, expeditionary warfare school, college of naval command and staff, and college of naval warfare at the u.s. naval war college. his command assignments include platoon commander and executive officer with 3d battalion, 8th marines; company commander of 2d battalion, 3d marines; battalion commander of 3d battalion, 3d marines; and commanding officer of the 4th marine regiment. staff assignments include future operations and plans officer at u.s. marine corps forces, pacific and future operations officer at u.s. special operations command. he has served as assistant chief of staff, war plans (g5) and operations (g3) for iii marine expeditionary force. most recently, he served at headquarters, marine corps as the future operations branch. his many awards and decorations include legion of merit, bronze star, defense meritorious service medal, meritorious service medal, and the combat action ribbon.                                      college of naval warfare, 2017                    u.s. national guard  general daniel r. hokanson                           general daniel hokanson is chief of the national guard bureau and a joint chiefs of staff member. in his role, he serves as an adviser on military matters to executive level departments. additionally, he is the department of defense’s national guard liaison to state-level leaders. previously, he served as the director of the army national guard, and as the vice chief of the national guard bureau. daniel r. hokanson graduated from the united states military academy and served in multiple aircraft test organizations before joining the oregon national guard. he has multi-level command experience, served as the adjutant general of oregon, and in the north american aerospace defense command. his multiple combat deployments included commands of an infantry brigade combat team and as chief of staff for combined joint task force phoenix. general hokanson was also a member of the united states world helicopter team and founded the national guard’s first military assistance to safety and traffic (mast) and military air rescue team (mart) program.                                      college of naval command and staff, 2001                    u.s. navy  admiral charles a. richard                           decatur, alabama native admiral charles richard graduated from the university of alabama and earned master's degrees from the catholic university of america and the u.s. naval war college. his operational assignments include multiple submarine commands. staff assignments include executive assistant and naval aide to the under secretary of the navy; chief of staff, submarine force atlantic; director of resources on the staff of the under secretary of defense; squadron engineer on the staff of subron-8 and duty on the deputy chief of naval operations staff. he has served as a member of chief of naval operations' strategic studies group xxviii, as well as being deputy commander, u.s. strategic command, director of undersea warfare (opnav n97), deputy commander of joint functional component command for global strike, and command of submarine group 10. his most recent assignment was commander, submarine forces in norfolk, virginia. as commander, u.s. strategic command, he is responsible for one of 11 unified commands under the department of defense.                                      college of naval warfare, 2000                    u.s. navy  adm. samuel paparo                           from a maritime family, samuel paparo graduated from villanova university and was commissioned in 1987. he earned an ma from old dominion university and an ms from the naval postgraduate school. a graduate of the air command and staff college, the air war college, the naval war college, the joint and combined warfighting school, and the topgun program, he has flown over 6,000 hours and has over 1,000 carrier landings. his multiple operational command tours include, at sea: carrier air wing 7, and carrier strike group ten, and, on the ground: provincial reconstruction team with the 3rd brigade, 10th mountain division and the 173rd airborne brigade. paparo has additional joint operational service, shore assignments and executive staff tours, including the staff of commander, naval air forces, director of operations, j3, u.s. central command, and battle director at the combined air and space operations center, al udeid, qatar. before assuming command of u.s. pacific fleet, his most recent assignment was u.s. naval forces central command/u.s. 5th fleet/combined maritime forces.                                       college of distance education, 2013                    u.s. navy  rear adm.  jacquelyn mcclelland                           a native of ocean city, new jersey, rear adm. mcclelland graduated from temple university in 1987, was commissioned in 1990, and earned her ma from boston university in 2006. she was also a graduate of the u.s. naval war college command and staff program. she had multiple navy reserve (nr) supply, contracting and logistics assignments, including several overseas, as well as multiple command tours. mcclelland mobilized in 2009 as commanding officer, dla support team – afghanistan, embedded with the army’s 101st airborne division. she deployed again in 2010 as the deputy group commander, navy expeditionary logistics support group forward, supporting operation iraqi freedom and operation enduring freedom. a qualified navy expeditionary supply corps officer, mcclelland assumed duties as commander, navy expeditionary logistics support group in 2019. in her civilian career, she is a retired special agent with the internal revenue service, criminal investigation who was assigned to the fbi joint terrorism task force, washington, district of columbia.                                      college of distance education, 2011                    u.s. navy  capt. mary elizabeth neill                           born in baltimore, md., capt. mary elizabeth neill has been part of the dental corps for more than three decades. captain neill received her b.s. from university of maryland baltimore county, her doctor of dental surgery from university of maryland college of dental surgery, her m.s. from university of texas health sciences center at san antonio and her m.s. national security and strategic studies 2016 from the u. s. naval war college. neill has held many positions (deputy chief of staff for navy medicine national capital area, executive officer at naval hospital oak harbor, commanding officer at naval health clinic quantico, navy medicine east chief of staff, commanding officer of nato role iii multinational medical unit kandahar, afghanistan, and deputy director for medical resources, plans, policy at the pentagon) and has deployed in operation desert shield/desert storm and operation enduring freedom.                                       college of naval warfare, 2016                    u.s. air force  brig. gen. john j. allen jr.                           brig. gen. john allen is the air force director of civil engineers, deputy chief of staff for logistics, engineering & force protection, headquarters u.s. air force, the pentagon, arlington, virginia. he is responsible for providing policy and oversight for the planning, development, construction, maintenance, utilities and environmental quality of 183 air force bases worldwide valued at more than $297 billion. this responsibility includes housing, fire emergency services, explosive ordnance disposal and emergency management services. he also influences resourcing for installation support functions with an annual budget of $11 billion and is the focal point for organizing, training and equipping the 51,000-person engineering force. brig. gen. allen's education includes a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from virginia tech, a master of science in engineering management from the university of alaska anchorage, and a master of arts in national security and strategic studies from the u.s. naval war college.                                       college of naval warfare, 2010              





 


click for historical walking tour





see full size video







 

 






 

  directions to nwc  naval war college686 cushing road,newport, rhode island 02841-1207	 contact us    




 

 employment opportunities prospective faculty & staff media reserve support navy band northeast nwc museum accreditation information disclaimer 




 

 navy.mil navy.com navy wounded warrior safe harbor suicide prevention hotline accessibility/section 508 no fear act gpo bookstore freedom of information act (foia) ncis tips 






follow our social media accounts:




icon-flicker
created with sketch.







flickr



icon-facebook
created with sketch.







facebook



icon-twitter
created with sketch.







twitter



icon-youtube
created with sketch.







youtube





this is an official u.s. navy website









register



login
























 












