






professional makeup & hair services toronto - alisa lyons














































































 



skip to main content










hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    








 




 
menu    




rates & services
contact
wedding makeup artist
blog
facebook instagram phone email  

professional makeup & hair since 1999

















           









  



professional makeup & hair services



  





award winning mobile makeup & hair services, in-house or on-location for all special events.
weddings, corporate events, photo shoots and makeup lessons.
alisa and her highly skilled creative team of makeup artists and hair stylists specialize in photographic makeup, headshots, business and corporate portraits serving toronto and the gta.





  





weddings
photo shoots
head shots
modeling portfolios
corporate
editorial
portraits
business profiles
bar/bat mitzvahs
makeup lessons
red carpet
special events




serving toronto, vaughan, york region and surrounding area.





  



book nowrates & services






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  



headshots, portraits & photo shoots



  





leave it to the professionals – specializing in high quality makeup and hair services for all photo shoots.
combined with an exceptional attention to detail and expert skills, alisa offers makeup application for women and men of all ages.
specializing in makeup and hair services that take inspiration from today’s style trends, alisa works with some of toronto’s top creative teams.
we offer mobile services to accommodate any event of any size within toronto and the gta.
looking and feeling your best when you book with alisa lyons.





  



book nowrates & services



































































































































































































































































































































  



makeup lessons



  





every woman can benefit from makeup lessons. it’s a great way to keep up with current trends, the latest products and learn new application techniques.
contact alisa lyons, an accredited makeup consultant and instructor in toronto for a fun, personal, hands on makeup lesson. your makeup tutorial will be a totally personal experience, tailored to your needs.
alisa will ensure that you leave the studio armed with the knowledge to look your very best every day whether it’s a business or evening look.
gift certificates are available.





  



book nowrates & services












  



our reviews






what a face makeup by alisa lyons4.8based on 43 reviewspowered by googlereview us onstacy costa00:56 05 oct 22alisa is a true artist! she made myself, my mother and my two maid of honours look truly fantastic. multiple times each of us were complimented highly on our makeup throughout the wedding. our makeup application looked flawless, and with are various needs, skin complexions, and skin tones each one of us looked like runway models. place your faith, trust and know you will look truly like the best possible version of yourself. don't hesitate call alisa! i look forward to calling her again - for any future needs. also the makeup application looked so beautiful both in person and in the photography taken.kim pigeon15:23 31 jul 22planning my wedding through the pandemic, i found the most difficult decision to make was choosing a makeup and hair team that i could trust. it was evident that alisa was very reputable and had strong industry knowledge and from our first meeting i knew i found my person. she’s very talented and kind, and provided top notch service to me and my party. her packages are reasonably priced. book her and you will not be disappointed.l e15:25 28 jun 22i had an absolutely wonderful experience with alisa doing my makeup and svetlana my hair for my recent intimate wedding ceremony! they were both so friendly, kind and supportive and their work left me so completely satisfied. it made an already special day that much more special. they made sure i was on time and good to go with such care and consideration. the price point was unbeatable and i'm glad i was able to book them both with only a few months notice. they listened to my thoughts and "vision" of my wedding day look and nailed it completely.i would 1000% recommend this duo for big day hair and makeup. i would even go back to them if i wanted to be  glammed up for family photos in the future.i'm only annoyed i didn't get more professional headshots of my makeup before it faded a bit from smooching my husband and crying like a baby lolone happy newly wed here!bonnie au13:32 09 jun 22my cousin and i attended a private makeup lesson from alisa and it was a wonderful and fun experience! i had reached out to other makeup artists, but alisa was quick at responding and offered the lesson at a very reasonable rate. she was very accommodating with her time. alisa answered all our questions with details and gave us lots of good tips and helpful recommendations for products that suited us. we learned a lot about skin care and makeup from her. would recommend her services!swati grewal vij00:54 27 apr 22alisa did my makeup for my prenatal and post baby photoshoot and i must say that she was absolutely amazing. i hate over-doing the makeup and she did exactly what i hoped for. my husband loved it too and we got the most beautiful pictures, all thanks to alisa. she is gem of a person as well.i liked the makeup so much that i also took private lessons from her and she helped me choose and get the right products for my skin.i highly recommend her. look no where else, she is the person for makeup.


see all reviews










































  





professional makeup & hair since 1999


award winning mobile makeup & hair services, in house or on location for all special events.










  





contact


t: +1 (416) 435-0509e: alisalyons8@gmail.com








service area


toronto, gta, vaughan, york region, markham, woodbridge, mississauga, richmond hill, oakville, newmarket, durham region


























© 2025 alisa lyons - professional makeup & hair artist toronto. 



facebookinstagramphoneemail 










close menu
    
professional makeup & hair since 1999 

rates & services
contact
wedding makeup artist
blog





 

 
































