






aaliyah – the official website of aaliyah


























































 









skip to content








toggle menu

home
about

awards
biography
discography
filmography
quotes
videos


photos
community

news
memorial fund
donation cards
song dedications


licensing
 







 












biography

when considering aaliyah's track record, it's befitting that her name means "the highest, most exalted one, the best." her parents, diane and michael, decided on the name based on the high hopes and expectations they would have if they had a daughter. her success as both a recording artist and actress actually makes the name of a self-fulfilling prophecy. aaliyah made her dreams come true. at 22, she not only had a very successful recording career but also established herself as a motion picture actress and an accomplished business woman....




			
			read more		






 


i stay true to myself and my style, and i am always pushing myself to be aware of that and be original.


                            	aaliyah                            	








aaliyah memorial fund

in her precious 22 years, aaliyah achieved more than many do in several lifetimes...
an illuminating factor was her conviction to touch and help others. the aaliyah memorial fund was created as a vehicle whereby her fans, friends, and family can contribute to and support causes that aaliyah found important. the aaliyah memorial fund was started in 2001. for aaliyah and her comrades that left us august 25th, 2001, there is much we can do as a benevolent community to keep aaliyah's dream & legacy alive.




			
			learn more		


 latest news

love to all around the world, please remember your special thoughts of li and our friends and honor them with all your heart, […]



journey to the past at the academy awards our beloved aaliyah performs journey to the past (nominated for best original song) at the most watched academy awards of all time… […]



the loss and the wish “the loss and the wish” by rashad haughton, august 25 2022…   the loss and the wish a secret thought on the […]


see all our news


 



age ain't nothing but a number
(1994)




			
			view track list		




 



one in a million
(1996)




			
			view track list		




 



aaliyah
(2001)




			
			view track list		


filmography


 


 





 





 


 
1
2
3














			
			view all		


photo gallery


 


 





 





 


 
1
2
3














			
			view all		






cmg worldwide cmg pioneered representation for deceased celebrities through our legal expertise and created an opportunity for a deceased celebrity’s heirs to retain rights. with over 200 celebrities, it has the largest portfolio of legends to this day. there can be no substitute for experience and skill in the licensing world. cmg’s position as the industry leader gives an advantage that other agencies are simply not able to match.




			
			learn more about cmg worldwide		


 facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube

 









cmg worldwide in its fourth decade of licensing and clearing intellectual property rights, cmg worldwide is the recognized leader in its field. cmg helps you navigate through and effectively manage the licensing process, while providing peace of mind that you have addressed all the outstanding clearance concerns.

 

find us cmg worldwide310.651.2000

 © 2021 aaliyah

 








© 2025 aaliyah. proudly powered by sydney 






























