


sandals church | sandals church












sandals church
































































 
 





skip to content































locations
sermons
about




giving 
















locations
sermons
about





ministries


kids


marriage


men


women


young adults


youth


finance




get connected


find a group


volunteer on a team


growth plan


mobile app


sandals church online


contact us




other links


careers


debrief podcast


sermons podcast


get help


our leadership





download the app
find a location
watch online
volunteer on a team
join a group






















search results














we are all about
being real with ourselves,
god & others

learn more













latest sermon
whose kingdom do i serve?
in this powerful message, pastor fredo dives deep into matthew 4, teaching us the importance of surrendering our personal agendas. we often create plans for our lives, but what happens when things don’t go the way we expect? pastor fredo explains why we shouldn’t lower our expectations of life, but also why it’s crucial to let go of trying to control everything. this message challenges us to rethink our relationship with authority and how we navigate life’s twists and turns with a bigger perspective.
watch latest
view series











sandals church original content
check out our messages, q&a podcast, music videos and more!


  @debriefpodcast mat on how kids can cause marriages to fall apart #marriageadvice #raisingkids #marriagelife #parentingtips #parentlife ♬ take a moment to breathe. – normal the kid   


  @sandalschurch matt on identifying the real problem in your marriage #marriageissues #marriagestory #divorce #marriageadvice #seperated ♬ take a moment to breathe. – normal the kid   


  @sandalschurch.tv praying the psalms with pastor fredo | psalm chapter 1 ♬ original sound  – sandalschurch.tv   



youtube
instagram
tiktok
facebook









frequently asked questions



how do i watch online?






catch our online services live at live.sandalschurch.tv or on demand on youtube, roku and the sandals church app!



what are this weekend’s service times?






our local campuses offer a wide variety of service times on saturday evenings and sundays. find your nearest campus.



i’m new, where do i start?






we’re so glad you’re here! we’d love to know more about you so we can connect with you, download the sandals church app and check out the growth plan!



how can i get involved?






starting a group and/or volunteering on a team are the best ways to live out this vision of being real. learn more about groups and teams.



how do i give to sandals church?






when you give to sandals church you help us share this vision of being real all over the world. we’ve made it simple, safe and easy to give online now or download our app to setup recurring giving.



what if there’s not a sandals church campus near me?






a: whether you live near or far, there are many opportunities to grow in your relationship with jesus and build a spiritual community at sandals church! send us a message at online@sandalschurch.com or learn more.



is there someone i can talk to or pray with?






you are not in this alone, we are here for you! let us know what’s going on and a member of our soul care team will reach out to you right away.



what is the growth plan?






the growth plan is a guide to growing deeper in your faith and connecting with others in real relationships at sandals church.
 
if you’re ready to take some next steps as you follow jesus, the growth plan is our way to show you how.
























directions & service times

dark mode











visit


times & locations


watch online


sandalschurch.tv


sandalskids.tv




media


sermons


the debrief podcast


sermons podcast




get connected


start the growth plan


volunteer on a team


find a group


become a member




about


our vision


our beliefs


leadership


rogo impact initiative




help & info


contact us


get help


jobs


give


























