








above ground pools in the forest lake, mn, area








































































 











































homepoolsspaspatio furnitureproductspool heaterschemicalspool accessoriesgames, floats and toyspool pumps and filterspool laddersautomatic vacuumselectric pool vacsspa accessoriessunheat infrared heatersprimo grillsdemo sheets - maintaining your doughboy poollocationcontact us

















								home
							

































search ...  find 

















homepoolsspaspatio furnitureproductspool heaterschemicalspool accessoriesgames, floats and toyspool pumps and filterspool laddersautomatic vacuumselectric pool vacsspa accessoriessunheat infrared heatersprimo grillsdemo sheets - maintaining your doughboy poollocationcontact us


















doughboy pools
doughboy pools are the single most adaptable pools on the market today. whether you want an above ground pool or an inground look, doughboy has the answer. our pool’s unparalleled strength and quality are unmatched in the industry. it has always been our goal to give our consumers peace of mind about the longevity, maintenance, and safety of a doughboy pool. 

view the pools






vita spas
immerse yourself in peaceful warm water and enjoy the relaxing light of aquaglo™.  let the flow of water cascade around you while a brilliant exhibition of lighting features relax and rejuvenate.  this feeling is called chromatherapy.  aquaglo™ is a combination of water and light enhancements that truly differentiate the 700 and 500 series models from an average spa.  the following features are components of aquaglo™.

view our spa models






primo grills
a primo ceramic grill is one of the most versatile outdoor cookers in the world. you can use it as a grill, an oven, a roaster, or a smoker with a simple adjustment to the air flow and cooking configuration. here is an overview of our grills and the basics for using and enjoying our ceramic grills.

our grill models


























 

pools
the pool store is minnesotas exclusive dealer of doughboy pools and accessories. view pools














 

spas
we are an official dealer for vita spas, selling a full line of hot tubs and swim spas. view spas














 

patio furniture
a comprehensive line of affordable luxury outdoor patio furniture offered in 30 collections. patio furniture














 


product catalogpool accessories, pool heaters, pumps & filter, games, floats, toys and more. read more


























						home					


































			welcome to the pool store inc		

pools, spas & more for minneapolis, mn
we have served minneapolis and most of minnesota for more than 30 years. we provide sales, installation, service and maintenance of above ground pools, spas, and jacuzzi hot tubs to help you create the backyard oasis of your dreams and maintain your pool for years of summer fun.
 
the pool store, inc. is among the largest dealers of spas and above ground pools in the state of minnesota and an exclusive dealer of doughboy pools. we can help you choose the right pool or spa to meet your specific needs. whether you are looking for a small pool for kids to play and splash around in or a large pool with plenty of swimming area, we have exactly what you are looking for.
 
in addition to pools and spas, we have everything you need to transform your yard into a backyard paradise. we carry a large selection of barbecue grills and quality homecrest patio furniture, including table and chair sets, chaises, outdoor sofas and loveseats, bar stools, and more. you will find everything you need to create a comfortable place to hold summer barbecues with friends and family around the pool.
 
we offer free delivery of pools, spas and jacuzzi hot tubs and pool installation in minneapolis or the surrounding communities minnesota located within a 40 mile radius of our blaine store. please browse our website to view pools, spas, patio furniture, and other products. visit one of our two locations or give us a call to discuss your needs.
 
 













































































































                     
                






















































































































glb_logo-79.jpg
haviland_logo-80.jpg
natural_chemistry_logo-81.jpg
nature2logo-82.jpg
pristine_blue_logo-83.jpg
proteam_logo-84.jpg
rendezvous_logo-85.jpg
seaklear_logo-86.jpg
sustain-87.jpg
doughboy-88.jpg
intex-90.jpg
waterway_logo-92.jpg
aquabot-93.jpg
poolblaster-94.jpg
sunheat-95.jpg



 





















menu 





doughboy poolsvita spaspatio furnitureproductstestimonialsgallery
blog












hours  & location





blaine10100 hwy 65 ne blaine, mn 55434(763) 786-9563view mapsunday  11am -4pmmonday  9am - 6pmtuesday  9am - 6pmwednesday  9am - 6pmthursday  9am - 6pmfriday  9am - 6pmsaturday  9am - 5pm
 






































connect  with us today





join us on facebook for special offers, discounts and more info about our great line of pools and spas.
 
   























					autumn breeze				 



							lifetime warranty on all components pool framesno one else comes… 
read more














					summerville				 



							easy-to-assemble/ the 6″ uni-fit™ top rails and 3″ verticals eliminate… 
read more














					silver lake				 



							35 year warranty or longer on all components   zinc… 
read more











1
2
3
4




























copyright © 2025.  pool store inc..

site by big groovy designs





homepoolsspaspatio furnitureproductslocationcontact us



































desktop version


















