









hand therapy continuing education online | eht











































 


























education

courses
books
patient education


certification

how to get certified
cht exam prep
cht practice exams


free content

podcast
newsletter
case studies
quiz corner
tip videos


what’s hot

hot products
hot courses
hot books
hot sites


testimonials

about
faqs
advertising


contact














hold hands today for a more functional tomorrow.

create a course

login















education

courses
books
patient education


certification

how to get certified
cht exam prep
cht practice exams


free content

podcast
newsletter
case studies
quiz corner
tip videos


what’s hot

hot products
hot courses
hot books
hot sites


testimonials

about
faqs
advertising


contact










 


















excellence in hand therapy education
the largest variety of hand & upper extremity courses in the world.watch. rewind. replay.

learn more









develop a better understanding of the art of hand rehabilitation.
 it’s time to kick back, relax & learn at your leisure with a front row seat every time.

browse courses














the famous purple book
our famous cht study guide is the number one selling book for hand enthusiasts. amazing desk reference for clinics. click here to order now.






flash sales!
flash sales don’t last long! take advantage of these great prices and check back each week for new deals. click here!









affiliations































advertising opportunities













 
slide 1i never thought that getting an educational book published would be so effortless,  just send in your material and let them do the rest!
connieslide 2exploring hand therapy is an essential resource for any hand therapist, before and after preparing for the cht. thanks for the great resource!
haleymotr/l chtslide 5my experience has been phenomenal as i have not only been able to share my knowledge and experience with other therapists through eht but i have also been able to network and collaborate with other hand therapists across the unites states.  
georgeotr, chtslide 3i have worked with exploring hand therapy for over 12 years and the experience is first class. the combination of academic freedom to explore topics from different viewpoints, combined with expert technical support, makes the instructor experience outstanding. 
paul botr/l chtslide 4so glad i purchased these cht practice exams! they were an excellent way to test your knowledge before the exam and to practice pacing yourself for the real one. thanks so much for all the great material!!
salwa 












ready to begin?

204,349 video viewings in 157 countries and growing daily….
(fyi we only have 195 countries in the world!!)




we have viewers from thailand, china, nepal, uganda, pakistan, the netherlands, czechoslavakia to name a few!


browse courses



 










facebook




twitter




instagram




pinterest




linkedin




youtube


copyright 2022. exploring hand therapy. 








				privacy			

privacy policy of handtherapy.com
handtherapy.com inc. operates the handtherapy.com website, which provides the service of online education. this privacy notice is intended to comply with the european unions (eu) general data protection regulation (gdpr).
if you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. the personal information that we collect are used for providing and improving the service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
collecting personal information
the following types of personal information may be collected, stored, and used:

information about your computer including your ip address, geographical location, browser type and version, and operating system;
information about your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths;
you have freely provided your specific, informed consent when providing information, such as your email address, that you enter when you register with our website;
information that you enter when you create a profile on our website—for example, your name, address, and educational details information, such as your name and email address, that you enter in order to set up subscriptions to our emails and/or newsletters;
information that you enter while using the services on our website;
information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it;
information relating to anything you purchase, services you use, or transactions you make through our website, which includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card details;
information contained in any communications that you send to us by email or through our website, including its communication content and metadata;

using your personal information
personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website. we may use your personal information for the following:

administering our website and business;
personalizing our website for you;
enabling your use of the services available on our website;
sending you goods purchased through our website;
supplying services purchased through our website;
sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you;
sending you non-marketing commercial communications;
sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
sending you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing
dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
keeping our website secure and prevent fraud;
verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website (including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service);
and other uses.

if you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
we will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
disclosing personal information
we may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
we may disclose your personal information:

to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling;
and to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.

except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
retaining personal information

this section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
notwithstanding the other provisions of this section, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:

to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).



security of your personal information

we implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your information when you transmit it to us.
we will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.
we will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
all electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
you acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
you are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website.
all staff are trained in data protection and education resources inc. maintains pci compliance

amendments
we may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. you should check the privacy policy page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. we may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
your rights
under the gdpr, those eu/eea residents with whom we deal have various data protection rights as follows:
you may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the following:
we may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
you may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
in practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
third party websites
our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
cookies
our website uses cookies. a cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. the identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.

the names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
a, we use google analytics and adwords on our website to recognize a computer when a user visits the website / track users as they navigate the website / enable the use of a shopping cart on the website / improve the website’s usability / analyze the use of the website / administer the website / prevent fraud and improve the security of the website / personalize the website for each user / target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users
most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies—for example:
a. in chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “customize and control” menu, and clicking “settings,” “show advanced settings,” and “content settings,” and then selecting “block sites from setting any data” under the “cookies” heading.
blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. if you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
you can delete cookies already stored on your computer—for example:
a. in chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “customize and control” menu, and clicking “settings,” “show advanced settings,” and “clear browsing data,” and then selecting “delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “clear browsing data.”
deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.

security
we value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
children’s privacy
our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. in the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on privacy policy page. these changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us. handtherapy.com email: info@handtherapy.com
in summary
we’re committed to protecting your privacy. all customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. we do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others
liveconferences.com is a website designed to provide users with educational activities, scientific and meeting information, current societal news, public policy information, and other needs for rehabilitation professionals. this information is not the same as retaining experts in these fields for advice. nothing contained in this website is to be considered as the rendering of legal, medical, clinical, professional or other advice for specific cases, and users are responsible for obtaining such advice from their own clinicians.


			close			





				terms and conditions			

terms of use
all contents copyrighted by liveconferences.com or the partners of liveconferences.com
all rights reserved.
please read carefully
all liveconferences.com content, and any of its educational providers, is protected by u.s. and foreign copyright laws. the content of online courses or digital books is intended for single user personal use of the participant only.  all courses, books, practice exams and any other content on this site is single user only: you may not transfer, copy or display any of the online movies, digital online books, pdfs, dvds, cds or any content whatsoever in any format for profit or non-profit purpose. if you violate any of these terms and conditions, your permission to use the content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the content.
when digital content is streamed, the resolution and quality of the digital content you receive will depend on a number of factors, including the type of  device on which you are streaming the digital content to, and your bandwidth, which may go up and down over the course of your viewing. while we strive to provide you a high quality viewing experience, we make no guarantee as to the resolution or quality of the digital content you will receive when streaming. this web site is protected by the u.s. and foreign copyright laws. except for informational, personal, non-commercial use as authorized below, you may not modify, reproduce, or distribute from the website, digital books, pdfs, or any content or other materials on this web site, without prior written permission from liveconfefences.com, unless otherwise indicated below.
users may download pages when they are downloadable or other content for their own personal use on a single computer, but no part of such content may be otherwise or subsequently reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written agreement from liveconferences.com
disclaimer
while liveconferences.com makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information on this site, liveconferences.com does not endorse, approve, or certify such information, nor does it guarantee its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness. reference herein to any commercial product, process, or service does not constitute or imply endorsement or recommendation by aota unless expressly stated.
liveconferences.com assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from use of the information contained herein or obtained at linked sites and expressly disclaims all liability for damages arising out of use, reference to, reliance on, or performance of such information.
liveconferences.com specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of in any way connected with access to or use of this web site or any content, information, materials or services herein.
user responsibilities
any person using this system consents to having their activities on this system monitored and recorded by systems personnel. if monitoring reveals possible evidence of illegal activity, system personnel may provide the evidence from such monitoring to liveconferences.com administration and/or law enforcement officials. any person using this system agrees to take any reasonable precaution to prevent unauthorized access to any passwords, user identification, logon identification or other information that may be used to access the system. any person using this system agrees to treat all information within the system as proprietary or confidential information to liveconferences.com, unless such information is specifically identified by liveconferences.com as not proprietary or confidential.
links
at certain places in this site, links to other websites can be accessed. these sites contain information created, published, and maintained by organizations independent of liveconferences.com. unless specified by lliveconferences.com, liveconferencess.com does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external sites, nor any commercial product or service referenced therein, and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of information located therein.
return policy
we do not accept returns on courses, products or books unless the material is damaged or defective. replacements will be issued on damaged or defective items when the damaged item is returned. we must be notified of any damaged item within 10 days of your order. the shipping fee is non-refundable. the buyer is always responsible for paying the shipping costs when returning a product, as well as any insurance. liveconferences.com will not reimburse any customer for the shipping cost of a returned product.
all streaming videos are non-refundable and are available for 1 entire year after purchase date. exams for all courses are available for one year after purchase date unless specifically noted otherwise (example – practice tests are only available for 6 months).
price, description, and terms are subject to change without notice.  in the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical, informational, technical or other error, liveconferences.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to either honor the displayed price or refuse/cancel any orders placed for that product at the incorrect price. sale prices are during specified time ranges and orders placed prior or after sale dates will not be refunded any difference in prices.
shipping
international shipping may have additional charges that apply. please check any restrictions, duties, taxes and any other fees which are collected from your country before you place the order. liveconferences.com will not be responsible for any of the above duties and fees.
entire agreement
by viewing, visiting or otherwise using this site, users agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this disclaimer. except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on this site, this disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between user and liveconferences.com with respect to the use of this site and content. notwithstanding the foregoing, liveconferences.com reserves the right to modify the site and/or the disclaimer at any time and users are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any such modifications. if any provision of this disclaimer shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, the validity, legality and enforce-ability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
please email us at any time if you have any question at: info@liveconferences.com


			close			





























