


the ultimate guide to the boston marathon





















    
	the ultimate guide to the boston marathon
	
  
hopkinton - ashland - framingham - natick - wellesley - newton - brookline -boston  


boston marathon news, facts, tips and more









monday, april 21, 2014







my 2006 interview with 2014 boston marathon champion meb keflezighi


one runner to watch on monday, april 17 is 2006 olympic marathon silver medalist meb keflezighi.

2004
 was quite a year for meb. he brought home the silver medal from athens 
and then just seventy days later he was runner-up at the ing new york 
city marathon. last year, meb finished a strong 3rd in new york with a 
time of 2:09:56, after paul tergat (2:09:30) and hendrick ramaala 
(2:09:31) battled to the finish in central park.

will meb break the tape in boston?

“i
 always ‘run to win,’” says keflizighi. “it is the motto that i live by.
 this means as long as i try my best in the preparation and actual race,
 i am satisfied with my effort. everyone starts and finishes at the same
 place. there are no substitutes, no timeouts. you get out of running 
what you put into it.”

meb was at the failense sports club in 
cambridge on jan. 27 to meet with fans who will be cheering him on when 
he runs his first boston marathon. i caught up with meb online and asked
 him a few questions…

1. did you run any of the boston course when you were in town? what were your impressions?

i
 ran every single aspect of the marathon course. i ran the whole course 
in segments. i ran the course every day i was there expect monday 
(1/23/06) because it was snowing. i ran indoors at boston university 
that day. it’s a challenging course. it helps to be familiar with the 
course. i will know what is ahead in the course, so on race day there 
won't be any surprises for me.

2. are you doing anything different in your training for boston?

yes.
 i’m trying to find similar terrain in san diego to prepare me for 
boston. that is what coach larsen and i did when training in mammoth for
 athens. 

3. i know this is your first boston marathon, but what tips or advice would you give someone running boston?

you earned the right to run in boston, so enjoy the excitement of the event and the crowd.

4. how far will ucla go in the ncaa college basketball tournament? (meb earned his b.a. at ucla)

i
 hope they go all the way. i will always be cheering for the bruins to 
do something special. we need another championship banner. once a bruin 
always a bruin. 

5. do you like the red sox?

yes, i like the red sox. i hope i can throw the first pitch at one of their home games one day.


thanks meb. and congratulations – meb and his wife are expecting a baby in march.

check out www.runmeb.com and learn more about meb and his running career. and watch for meb’s new mastercard commercial.labels: meb keflezeghi



posted by john h at 9:08 am






monday, april 13, 2009



	 
	 one week to go!
	 
    


nervous? excited?  just relax and take a look at some of my past marathon postings. you'll find a ton of good advice from boston marathon winners--really, no lie!--and lots more to pass the time before the big day. may the wind be at your back--- and a guinness waiting for you at the finish line.



posted by john h at 7:01 am






tuesday, march 18, 2008



	 
	 boston marathon 08
	 
    


hi. if you haven't noticed yet, i took a year off from writing about the boston marathon. but that shouldn't stop you from checking out some of the previous posts. there are loads of tips from marathon champions (really, honest), history and fun stuff that will help get you ready for april 21.  hope it helps. good luck.  all the best.



posted by john h at 8:09 pm






monday, april 16, 2007



	 
	 thank you
	 
    


i'd like to thank the thousands of volunteers who helped make the 111th boston marathon a success. also, a very special thanks to all of you for checking this site to find out more about the world's greatest marathon.  all the best.



posted by john h at 6:58 pm






sunday, april 15, 2007



	 
	 the one thing before and during the race
	 
    


two days ago i devoted a post to a listing of great books about the boston marathon. this training season i read marathon by clarence demar. originally printed in 1937 (reprinted in 1981), the autobiography provides a glimpse into demar the man and the marathoner. he also has a few interesting insights on life as well, like the need to keep running in balance with the rest of your life.but here's the passage i really enjoyed, and hopefully will help you tomorrow...there is, however, one thing that i've always needed and which everyone else that i've ever known has needed, and that is concentration, both just before and during the race. without concentration no one can be ready to throw all he has into the race and no one can do everything he is capable of in the contest. what printer, what business man, what editor, what school teacher wants distraction when he is working his hardest.-from marathon by clarence demarwork hard. good luck tomorrow. see you after the race.one more quote from demar...do most of us want life on the same calm level as a geometrical problem? certainly, we want our pleasures more varied with mountains and valleys of emotional joy, and marathoning furnishes just that.7-time boston marathon winner clarence demar



posted by john h at 12:38 pm






saturday, april 14, 2007



	 
	 an interview with bill rodgers
	 
    


it wouldn't be the boston marathon without a few wordsfrom four-time winner bill rodgers. check it out...bill rodgers interviewcoming tomorrow: find out the one thing seven-time boston marathon winner clarence demar needed just before and during a race. it could help you on marathon monday, too.labels: boston marathon video



posted by john h at 9:39 am






friday, april 13, 2007



	 
	 read all about it
	 
    


in between checking weather forecasts and deciding what to wear on monday, relax with a good book and get into the spirit of the boston marathon.boston marathon & beyond. a collection of stories highlighting the history of the boston marathon, from the first race to the first women through to the modern day.alcorn, alfred. the long run of myles mayberry. the novel’s main character, unsuccessful in the workforce,has a dream of winning the boston marathon. describes his ambition and determination to capitalize on his lone chance at greatness in boston.babon, gene. the race to boston: achieving excellence in long distance running. combined with commentary on the author’s own racing experience, a training program developed by the writer to qualify for the boston marathon.barnes, linda. dead heat. an innovative sleuth with unorthodox tactics is in charge of protecting a senator who is running not only for re-election but also the boston marathon.beardsley, dick and maureen anderson. staying the course: a runner’s toughest race. the story recounts his amazing race against alberto salazar in the 1982 boston marathon, as well as the course of his life in the years following his narrow and unexpected defeat.benoit samuelson, joan with sally baker. running tide. one of the greatest runners in history — 1984 olympic gold medal winner and two-time boston marathon champion — tells her compelling story.benyo, richard. the masters of the marathon. biographies of several of the world’s greatest marathoners, including many boston marathon champions.blaikie, david. boston: the canadian story. canadian men and women who have made their marks at the boston marathon.brant, john. duel in the sun: alberto salazar, dick beardsley, and america’s greatest marathon. the story of the famous battle between salazar and beardsley in the 1982 boston marathon.connelly, michael. 26 miles to boston: the boston marathon experience from hopkinton to copley square. personal account of the experience of running the boston marathon. forewords are written by john a. kelley,bill rodgers, and uta pippig.demar, clarence. marathon. the seven-time winner of the boston marathon tells his story in this biography from 1937.derderian, tom. boston marathon: the history of the world’s premier running event. year-by-year chronicle with sources including accounts from the boston globe, boston herald, and several of boston’s other daily papers from the early to mid-1900s.derderian, tom. the boston marathon: a century of blood, sweat, and cheers. 100 people, places, and stories. foreword by bill rodgers.driscoll, jean with janet and geoff benge. determined to win: the overcoming spirit of jean driscoll. autobiography of her prolific career atop boston’s wheelchair division.falls, joe. the boston marathon. boston marathon champions, as well as the less extraordinary participants,and what motivates people to run the boston marathon.higdon, hal. on the run from dogs and people. a humorous and entertaining survey of the sport of running, specifically the boston marathon prior to its mass appeal.higdon, hal. boston: a century of running. the author’s twenty-ninth book; written in anticipation of the 100th boston marathon; officially recognized by the boston athletic association.hosler, ray, ed. boston, america’s oldest marathon. historical account.kardong, don. thirty phone booths to boston. a non-fiction collection of a runner’s stories, including one in which he maps the locations of key telephone booths along the boston marathon route and calls them on the day of the race as runners pass.kidd, bruce. tom longboat. olympic marathoner and boston marathon champion in 1907, this book’s main character is considered one of canada’s finest athletes, having lost only three races in his amateur career.kram, mark and alex g. campbell, jr. miles to go. tale of an american, a german, and a japanese runner; each has his own motivations, but they are all determined to do whatever is necessary to win the boston marathon.kulper, eileen with michael goodman and skip berry. the boston marathon. illustrated children’s book highlighting the boston marathon’s history.lewis, frederick and dick johnson. young at heart: the story of johnny kelley, boston’s marathon man. john a. kelley’s uplifting vision of running and the human spirit.lonergan, tom. heartbreak hill, the boston marathon thriller. fictional story of race-day complications,celebrity entries, and a swift investigation.marsh, carole. the mystery at the boston marathon. a group of kids tries to track down the mysterious whereabouts of their teacher who disappeared from the boston marathon.mcgillivray, david j. with linda glass fechter. the last pick: the boston marathon race director’s road to success. the story of boston marathon race director, marathon runner, and motivational speaker dave mcgillivray. with a foreword from joan benoit samuelson.mckay, robert. the girl who wanted to run the boston marathon. young love and childhood dreams lead this novel to its finish, while the boston marathon looms as an elusive goal.nall, sam. it’s only a mountain: dick and rick hoyt, men of iron. biography of a father and his son, who was born with cerebral palsy, and their incredible accomplishments competing as a tandem in road races and triathlons.rodgers, bill with joe concannon. marathoning. autobiography of the four-time champion of the boston marathon with the boston globe’s longtime running scribe.semple, jock with john j. kelley and tom murphy. just call me jock. a collection of memories told through john j. kelley and tom murphy, creating a story of the legendary boston marathon official and club manager.switzer, kathrine. marathon woman: running the race to revolutionize women’s sports. the inspiring story of the woman who broke through the gender barrier in the marathon, propelling women to the sport’s forefront and helping to get the women’s marathon into the olympic games.tsiotos, nick and andy dabilis. running with pheidippides. stylianos kyriakides, greek winner of the 1946 boston marathon, ran to a miracle finish in efforts to save his country from famine.tuckman, bruce w. long road to boston. inspired by his own racing experience, this author and avid runner creates a passionate story about a man’s race from hopkinton to boston.ward, michael. ellison “tarzan” brown: the narragansett indian who twice won the boston marathon. the biography of 1936 and 1939 boston marathon champion ellison “tarzan” brown. includes a foreword by john j. kelley.williston, floyd. johnny miles: nova scotia’s marathon king. non-fiction account of a delivery boy from cape breton, nova scotia, canada, who won the boston marathon in 1926 and 1929. halifax, nova scotia: nimbusallen, elise. the traveling marathoner: a complete guide to top u.s. races and siteseeing on the run. a guide to 12 u.s. marathons — one per month — which features the boston marathon in the “april” chapter.cleary, kathleen. if this is heaven, i am going to be a good boy: the tommy leonard story. the story of the founder of the falmouth road race, and the boston marathon’s official greeter.gaaserud, micheala and renee dexter. from fairbanks to boston: 50 great u.s. marathons. detailed guides of the top u.s. marathons.gibb, roberta. to boston with love: the story of the first woman to run the boston marathon. her story of facing the odds and challenging institutions is affectionately written and directed toward the city.henderson, joe, ed. the boston marathon. “booklet of the month” from runner’s world magazine in april 1972; history, as well as highlights the 1971 race.nason, jerry. the story of the boston marathon: from 1897. boston globe booklet, presenting the history of the marathon from 1897 to 1965, compiled by the newspaper’s running writer and sports editor.robinson, roger. heroes and sparrows: a celebration of running. it is the first study of running as a literary subject and is included in most lists of the sport’s outstanding books.robinson, roger. running in literature: a guide for scholars, readers, runners, joggers and dreamers. robinson’s wit and intelligence crackle through this masterful guide to running’s place in literature.robinson, roger and kathrine switzer. 26.2: marathon stories. robinson and switzer explore the history of the marathon through words and an extraordinary selection of photographs.sandler, michael. jean driscoll: dream big, work hard. a children’s book about eight-time boston winner jean driscoll and her struggle to overcome spina bifida to become a wheelchair champion.source: b.a.a.labels: boston marathon news



posted by john h at 3:34 pm













about me

name:  john h 
location:  boston, massachusetts, united states 
14-time boston marathon finisher. 2012 marine corps marathon, 2006 dublin marathon, 2005 new york city marathon finisher. 2009 providence 1/2 ironman, 2007 mooseman 1/2 ironman, 2007 ironman louisville, 2003 vineman ironman finisher.  
view my complete profile

links

official site of the boston marathon
boston marathon course
boston globe marathon coverage
wcvb-tv marathon coverage
cbs4 marathon coverage 
l street running club
metro sports
hopkinton
ashland
framingham
natick
wellesley
newton
brookline
boston
weather
asics
adidas
nike
new balance running
avia running
brooks running
saucony
reebok
mizuno
puma
ecco
fila
pearl izumi
jeff galloway running
cool running
bill rodgers running center
runner's edge
marathon sports
road runner sports
massage therapy works
active.com
runner's world
new england runner
charles river running map
road runner sports
powerbar
gu
fuel belt
polar heart rate monitors

previous posts


         
    

my 2006 interview with 2014 bosto...
one week to go!
boston marathon 08
thank you
the one thing before and during the race
an interview with bill rodgers
read all about it
samuelson to receive patriots' award tonight
rain rain go away
quote of the day

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
july 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
march 2008
april 2009
april 2014









 



