













































car lease europe | motorvana


































usa rv rental
canada rv rental
europe rv rental



                european countries
              

austria
bulgaria
croatia
estonia
finland
france
germany
iceland
ireland
italy
netherlands
norway
poland
portugal
romania
spain
sweden
switzerland
uk - england, scotland


australia rv rental
new zealand rv rental



                reviews
              

australia
austria
bulgaria
canada
croatia
estonia
finland
france
germany
iceland
ireland
italy
netherlands
new-zealand
norway
poland
portugal
romania
spain
sweden
switzerland
uk
usa


tips



                resources
              

usa
canada
europe
australia
new zealand









                car leasing europe
              

order
reviews
resources







about


contact




          © 2025 ideamerge llc        




















short term car lease europe

















pick up


amsterdam schipol airport, holland
barcelona prat airport, spain
bordeaux mérignac airport, france
brussels zaventem airport, belgium
frankfurt international airport, germany
geneva cointrin airport, france/switzerland
lisbon portela de sacavem airport, portugal
lyon saint-exupery airport, france
madrid barajas airport, spain
marseille-provence airport, france
milan linate airport, italy
milan malpensa airport, italy
montpellier méditerranée airport, france
nantes airport, france
nice côte-d'azur airport, france
paris orly airport, france
paris roissy (de gaulle) airport, france
porto airport, portugal
rome fiumicino (da vinci) airport, italy
saint-louis bâle-mulhouse airport, france/switzerland
toulouse blagnac airport, france
















drop off


amsterdam schipol airport, holland
barcelona prat airport, spain
bordeaux mérignac airport, france
brussels zaventem airport, belgium
frankfurt international airport, germany
geneva cointrin airport, france/switzerland
lisbon portela de sacavem airport, portugal
lyon saint-exupery airport, france
madrid barajas airport, spain
marseille-provence airport, france
milan linate airport, italy
milan malpensa airport, italy
montpellier méditerranée airport, france
nantes airport, france
nice côte-d'azur airport, france
paris orly airport, france
paris roissy (de gaulle) airport, france
porto airport, portugal
rome fiumicino (da vinci) airport, italy
saint-louis bâle-mulhouse airport, france/switzerland
toulouse blagnac airport, france
















residence


united states of america
australia
canada
new zealand
south africa
united kingdom
other non eu country






                search
              
searching 







about citroën tax free car leasing in europe


lease a car in europe in 2025 or 2026 with motorvana!
yes, tourists (seniors, students, families, backpackers, military, teachers, academics on sabbatical, workers on assignment), a car lease in europe may be much better value than a long term or one way 
              auto rental. we're talking citroën tax-free short-term car leases the government of france has authorized 
              since the 1950's.
motorvana books european short-term car leases 15–355 days long — in france, belgium, germany, switzerland, italy, spain, 
             and portugal. since 1994 we've expertly, transparently, and proudly represented these tax-free auto leases.
             we make it easy to lease a car for travel in europe at a low price.


benefits of a motorvana short-term tax-free car lease in europe

you save money — largely because the lease is tax free (a 16–21% savings).
              you get precisely the brand new, factory fresh left-hand drive make and model you choose.
you enjoy full insurance with zero deductible, effective in 30 european countries.
you gain personal accident insurance (pai).
you have 24/7 citroën roadside assistance, breakdown cover, and factory warranty.
you pay no additional driver fees, face no maximum age limit, and the minimum age limit is just 18.





what's more, motorvana makes leasing a car in europe as simple as renting a car.
altogether france's short-term car leasing europe program sounds too good to be true, we know. but keep digging and you'll find it is true!
just see our 
 
car lease europe customer reviews, our average review being 
 
4.9
 stars out of 5,  
 this based on 217 recent 
 citroën european car lease reviews. 
 


that's why motorvana really is proud to represent the citroën "car‑2‑europe" buy-back (purchase-repurchase) car lease program.
why citroën?
of the french car brands, citroën has the most remarkable history of innovation and revolutionary engineering and is today significantly the most avant-garde. 
            	citroën's slogan "créative technologie" expresses this identity. citroën automobiles are characterized by great spaciousness and by a verve that is 
            	quintessentially french.
we love 'em, and you will too.
peugeot sa had owned a large stake of citroën sa and the companies were combined into a holding company, known as psa peugeot citroën. 
            	in 2021 fiat chrysler automobiles (fca) and psa merged into stellantis, which today owns the brands peugeot, citroën, ds, jeep, maserati, chrysler, fiat, lancia and 
            	alfa romeo, among others. renault, in contrast, is now a brand of renault group, which is partly owned by the french state (renault was entirely nationalized from 1945 to 1996) 
            	and by nissan (each with a 15% share). renault has various joint ventures, including oyak-renault (turkey) and renault pars (iran). 
            	peugeot's buy-back car lease program is called peugeot open europe whereas renault's corresponding short term car lease program is called renault eurodrive.
ds is essentially citroën's luxury brand, inspired by and named after the famously sophisticated citroen ds/id from the 1950s–1970s. driven by this outstanding heritage and avant-garde spirit, ds perpetuates the citroen values of innovation and distinction. ds models stand apart from the competition through their design, refinement, advanced technologies and dynamic serenity.
why drive europe?
driving in europe is suprisingly easy. the roads are great. 
          the signage is great. the rules, familiar. and as arthur frommer once said, "no one has seen europe who has not traveled in it by car."
plus, with a short term car lease in europe you'll have your very own brand new car with zero-deductible insurance and roadside assistance 
            	good in 30 european countries.
motorvana: free your travel
 





it's inexpensive and easy to lease a luxury car in europe tax free!



how much does it cost to lease a car in europe? you only pay the fixed, upfront, small total cost presented 
          		by our software. naturally the lease cost is different per car model. the longer the duration the lower the per day cost; the 
          		lease price is weighted on the front end, a block cost applying to the first 21 days and a smaller per day cost applying thereafter. if you return such a lease car outside 
          		france a location fee will apply, but that fee is wrapped into the total cost we present.
for the exact total costs, please submit a search above. our online order software will then present to you all the available lease cars, suv's, minivans, and vans, ordered by how 
            	much they cost.
if you then click on the "more info" button below a vehicle, a page will pop up presenting the following info specific to the lease vehicle and dates:






basic inclusions (e.g. insurance, 24/7 assistance, additional drivers)
insurance (e.g. zero deductible, domain of coverage some 30 european countries)
24/7 assistance info and policies (e.g. repair protocol, replacement car policy)
              images
videos
pick-up and return instructions (e.g. depot location)
change policy
cancellation policy



ultimately select the car you want and go from there. any optional items (e.g. child seats, roof bars) are presented during our online order process, along with selectable pick-up and 
            	return times. you would own outright any optional items you select. in other words, the optional items are for sale not for rent. but you would be welcome to simply leave them with the car 
            	when you return it.
so, you can easily proceed through our online order process and wait for your confirmation to arrive within one or two business days.
such lease is often referred to as a buy-back (or buyback) agreement. the term buy-back seems to imply large sums, negotiations and complex paperwork requirements 
            	upfront and upon return. but that's not actually the case; you do not have to pay the full value of the car or go through a buy-back process per se, and there are never any additional 
            	fees or charges beyond the set, relatively small, upfront lease cost — which cost our online order software renders completely transparent.
rather, within a business day or two after you submit your order with us online you will receive via e-mail citroën's very short contract document (a pdf file with fillable fields) 
            	to complete. no worries: most of the fields thereon will be pre-populated; and during our online order process we carefully and accurately represent all the important aspects of that contract; 
            	we don't want any unpleasant surprises in it for you. you will send that completed contract back via e-mail, along with a scanned copy of your passport. thus you will give citroën the 
            	ability on your behalf to register and insure the vehicle in your name for precisely the duration of your lease. the original downpayment is minor (i.e. a few hundred us dollars). when you pay the balance 
            	due (automatically charged to your card 45 days before your lease pick-up date) a copy of the completed contract will be marked "paid" and e-mailed to you along with supporting 
            	information — including the depot info (already presented to you by our online order process) and instructional booklets (pdf files) reminding you what to do in case of accident or 
            	breakdown (hardcopies will also be provided in the car).
and voilá, you're all set for your vacation.
when your car lease duration ends, your ownership of the car ends automatically. you just return the car and walk away.
it's all so easy!
note it's possible to buy your so-called buyback lease car outright at the end of your lease. almost nobody does this, however, because the cars are made to european safety and environmental 
            specs, not to the corresponding specs of north america, australia, etc.
for a variety of info and websites related to traveling europe by car, please visit our resources page





dynamics of european buy-back car lease program



the short-term tax-free car leasing program was created way back in the 1950's and authorized by the french government to stimulate french tourism and the french automobile 
          		manufacturing industry.
under this program you as a visitor to europe become the first registered "owner" of a truly brand new french automobile already fully insured with excellent, zero-deductible insurance 
          		— effective in some 30 european countries — and supported by a full factory warranty and breakdown assistance service (including a replacement-car protocol for the unlikely possibility 
          		your brand new car ends up in a repair shop). due to brexit, uk residents now qualify for this lease program!


you get precisely the car model you choose. the registration and insurance are in your name. in a sense you own the car. but the cost to you is merely commensurate with and probably cheaper 
          		than the cost of an "equivalent" car rental.
again, when your car lease duration ends, your ownership of the car ends automatically. you just return the car and walk away. the vehicle can then be sold on the open market by citroën 
           	as a used car, which in france means it can be sold at a much lower tax rate than can a new car. thus everyone wins — except carmakers who export new cars to france (e.g. bmw, mercedes benz, 
           	volkswagen, volvo, etc).


all the vehicles in the tax-free short-term leasing program are left-hand drive vehicles (i.e. steering wheel on the left).
the countries in which the citroen car‑2‑europe insurance and assistance are effective are the following:
andorra, austria, belgium, bulgaria, croatia, cyprus (greek territory only), czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece (mainland, not the islands), 
	hungary, ireland, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, monaco, the netherlands, poland, portugal, romania, san marino slovakia, slovenia, sweden, switzerland, spain, vatican.


note these tt lease cars are no longer authorized to drive in bosnia-herzegovina, montenegro, serbia (and kosovo), macedonia, 
liechtenstein, norway, gibraltar, and iceland.
due to conditions resulting from brexit, these tt lease cars can no longer be taken or driven to the uk (including northern ireland).
any lease customer who enters the uk with a tt lease vehicle will have to pay an import tax of 10% of the full citroën constructor listing price of the car 
(not the price of the tt contract) regardless of the delivery and return stations. motorvana and citroën car2-europe will not be held responsible and will in no case assume 
the 10% import duty related to tt cars.
however, by the same token, uk residents do now qualify for these leases!





qualifications for short term car lease



short term car lease requirements
the citroen short-term tax-free car leasing program — i.e. involving "transit temporaire" or 
"tt" registration — 
is available to persons whose permanent residence is outside the european union (eu) — so, yes, uk residents do now qualify! — whose age is eighteen years or more, and whose  
valid non-provisional driver's license in their country of residence has been valid for more than one year prior to their driving 
the citroen lease vehicle. european passport holders living permanently outside of europe are therefore welcome to participate in the tt car leasing 
program. european union permanent residents, on the other hand, do not qualify to obtain a tt registered car. even though residents of the united kingdom now qualify for this car lease program,
the cars cannot be taken into the united kingdom, regardless of residence. and residents of switzerland cannot drive their tt lease vehicle in switzerland. 
persons who will be working or studying in the european union during a limited stay can qualify to obtain a tt registered vehicle 
for that stay, but they must qualify for tt special registration, described below.
however, persons who will receive compensation (including room, board, etc) from an entity in the european union 
(i.e. rather than from an entity outside the eu) during their stay in europe do not qualify to obtain a tt registered 
vehicle for that stay.
as indicated above, there are two specific types of "tt" lease registration available:

standard/tourist category tt lease registration. these leases are available to vacationers traveling to europe for 
tourism or leisure, which category naturally involves the vast majority of customers. 
persons working for or studying at an entity in the european union do not qualify for this standard type of 
tt registration but might qualify for the tt special registration described below. 
the maximum duration for standard tt leases is up to 175 days depending upon the 
delivery location chosen.  our website is programmed to calculate this maximum available term based upon the delivery center chosen. 
one constraint: you shall not have been in the european union for more than 185 days in the 12 consecutive months 
prior to the first day of the lease. 
 and if you are traveling to europe using an eu passport, you will not qualify for such lease (nor for the tt special 
lease described below) unless you or perhaps your work supervisor sign a form stating that you intend to return to your 
non-eu country of residence (or take up residence in another non-eu country) after the lease.  

tt "special" lease registration. the tt special lease registration is for persons officially traveling to europe to 
work or study, and as such the tt special registration can be for a 
duration of up to 355 days. there are some additional paperwork requirements that help to verify qualification for this category 
of lease, which documents will be provided for completion shortly after our receipt of a lease order. most importantly, a tt special 
lease applicant must not receive any direct compensation (including room and board) from an entity in the european union 
during their lease term and they cannot use the lease vehicle as an aspect of such entity's services.  
constraint: you shall not have been in the european union continuously in the 12 consecutive months 
prior to the first day of the lease. 




who else can drive the car?
again, there is no charge for additional drivers; i.e. they are free of charge. 
indeed, two key fobs are provided with each vehicle.
the following individuals are authorized to drive a tt registered vehicle:
you the client (i.e. the one person whose name is on the lease contract), your spouse or 
domestic partner, your parents and your children, 
provided they too meet the general conditions of eligibility of the program 
(i.e. they are at least 18 years of age and not a resident of the european union). 
regarding other persons — e.g. friends — who also 
meet the general conditions of eligibility of the program, they will be considered authorized drivers of the 
vehicle if you the lessee are in the car with them. this means the included insurance is as effective 
when these drivers are operating the vehicle as it is when you are operating the vehicle.
license
you only need to present your driver's license (and your passport) upon the pick-up occasion. 
you do not need to present an international driving permit (idp) upon the pick-up occasion.
your domestic driver's license will suffice throughout france, provided you are at least 18 years of age 
(again, there is no age maximum) and have held such valid license for at least one year prior to the pick-up date.
technically speaking, however, certain other european countries — most notably austria, italy and spain — require of drivers who are not european residents an 
international driving permit (idp) as well. you should contact the relevant tourist office, consulate or embassy to 
determine whether a country requires you to carry an idp while driving. a good secondary indicator in this respect is the 
idp webpage posted by the uk's automobile association. idp's are sold for a nominal price by your national automobile club; 
you don't have to be a member to buy one. just take your domestic driver's license, two passport-sized photos and the 
requisite cash to the club office. ten minutes later you'll have your idp. basically an idp is a means by which police in a 
foreign country can know — in terms of translations in nearly a dozen different languages — that your domestic driver's license is indeed recognized 
as being valid by the proper authorities in your country. is it really necessary that you obtain an idp if you plan to 
drive in a country that reportedly requires one? in practice of course it depends on the particular police officer 
you might happen to be dealing with. the vehicle leasing company (e.g. citroën car‑2‑europe) doesn't care whether or not you 
have an idp; it's up to you whether you cover yourself in this regard.






what our car lease customers say about us











first class service


              our first car lease through motorvana was 12 years ago. first class service and assistance with eric and the crew in 
              portland, oregon. this year was two months and 8830km in france, germany and italy with a citroen c3. 
              motorvana made it easy with our 3 or 4 schedule changes and short term car rental after our lease was done. 
              thanks again to motorvana, we look forward to our next opportunity to book another car lease in europe with you.   read more …

tony & paula o, usa
            











one way, no problems w/ car lease

another very satisfied customer of motorvana and the car
lease program in europe. i picked up a citroen berlingo in
lyon and dropped it off at the rome airport fiumicino location.
the car was great — drove it on vacation over 13,000 km through france,
sicily and mainland italy without a hitch performance wise. i
did have a mishap of my own in amboise, france — going down
a road that quickly became too narrow for the car! had to back
out a few hundred meters and managed to scrape the side
mirrors and a bit on the back. as has been reported by others
there were no problems at all when i brought the car back.   read more …

barb law, canada
            











car lease a great deal


great service, we lease a car in rome and drive to
paris. the car was new, terms and conditions exactly as mentioned. the
best part 1000 usd for 22 days of car rental, all
insurances included. i did a quote in other car rental
companies, the car rent for the same period including
the insurance would be the double.    read more …

juan vazquez, mexico
            








free your travel















about us
contact us
disclaimers & notices

this website uses cookies.
motorvanatm and the spiral shell hare logo are trademarks of ideamerge llc.all rights reserved.© 2025 ideamerge llc
  




































