


don't try this at home!!!
























    
	don't try this at home!!!
	
  


about me

name:  your daddy 
location:  mumbai, maharashtra, india 
view my complete profile

previous posts

za blog is finally gonna get back and put more fun...
smoking has lot of harmful effects, few of them ar...
the oc is one amazing show, its the kyuki saas bhi...
gr8 man examz are over itz time to look into the f...
we have put up adsense(buy sell tv clothes videos ...
proof that:history repeats itself(although with a ...
happy valentines dayhave sum good, scratch that gr...
hey dudes this is our lucky year the 6th june will...
aliester crowley (very popular in the rock music w...
***important .... biggest shit ever on thisaintp0r...

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006







monday, april 17, 2006




za blog is finally gonna get back and put more funky pix.of some stunts that we tried.......



posted by your daddy @ 4:00 pm 
      
         0 comments






wednesday, april 12, 2006




smoking has lot of harmful effects, few of them are a) decreasing staminab) some diseasesc) u die early (i dunno if thats actually a harmful effect)   ....and morestill.....ever wondered y do people although most of them aware of all the disadvantages smoke the members of th blog may have stumbled upon an answer:1. the psychological side of the answer   in indian society(here nofra/ncs) -> smoking is usually pictured as   a 'bad' habit, but few of us who generally hav problems with some    rules and conventions of the society and cant understand the requirement    of these    particular conventions, think of making their personal   conventions                              and   their it is the first drag of a young going to be nicotine addict.2. the scientific(more like chemical) side of the answer:   now wen a person who is not already an addict takes a puff th percentage    of nicotine    increases in his blood, now if that person dosent smoke for     some time  it reduces the    nicotine percentage in his blood that makes him         agitated, irritated etc etc...   so just to suppress all these feelings he takes another puff......bingo......now     hes    an addict    (although regular smokers very often hav a limit on fags/day above which they get    uncomfortable)  its not that i am a rigid supporter of some smokers club or something i believe it shud alwayz be a personal choice if u dont smoke fine but that dosent mean that other who do are retards, they chose how to live their lives leave them bebesides there are other benefits of smokin some of them area) it works like caffine gives ure brain a kick   warning : nicotine is 10 times more addictive than caffine   (a pretty good no. of college students smoke b4 their exams)b) in order to relieve emotional tensionc) relaxes ure muscles.....n thats y smoking and workin out cant go together   (wen i say it relaxes ure muscles i mean every muscle in your body....to the         point that some people do take a smoke in the morning to crap)d) helps offset boredom    it is said in a scientific journal                                   "smokers are often found to be extroverts, they tend    to live faster, more intensely and to be more socially outgoing."   for further information chk out                    "h**p://www.library.ucsf.edu/tobacco/batco/html/13300/13328/   otherpages/7.html"    besides these other health benefits of smokin also exist but are heavily outnumberedby the disadvantagesto chk out some of the medical benefits of smoking here's the link :  "h**p://www.quit.org.au/quit/fandi/fandi/c03s14.htm"thats all folks do watch out for some stunts soon.........they're comin ure waytill then "peace"



posted by your daddy @ 4:14 am 
      
         7 comments






sunday, march 26, 2006




the oc is one amazing show, its the kyuki saas bhi kabhi bahu thi of the gen xxx. although not as hilarious as r.e.m.i.x (total wanna be show). which my sis bugz me about. the show is seriously addictive and a must watch.it comes on the zee cafe at:fri: 9:30 to 10:30 pmsun: 9:30 to 10:30 pmand mon - thu 3:00 - 5:00 pm (repeats)well for all those who do watch this chack this crazy spoof out.the clip takes about ten miutes to load.



posted by your daddy @ 2:45 pm 
      
         0 comments






saturday, march 25, 2006




gr8 man examz are over itz time to look into the future, letz make it a bright one.2day is the day of the party at sailing club, last time to meet up and enjoy.itz gonna be rocking last time for you douche baggz to live hardcore , zombiez.



posted by your daddy @ 2:44 pm 
      
         2 comments






wednesday, march 01, 2006




we have put up adsense(buy sell tv clothes videos movies software music songs) so plz click on any ad that you see.it dont cost you.they are quite cool. like the one at the bottom itz got cool satanic jewelry clothes all cool badboy accesories.oh and those of you using ie etc download firefox it is very fast and free for downloading. the white ad at the bottom of the page will get you to the link.



posted by your daddy @ 3:47 pm 
      
         0 comments






saturday, february 18, 2006




proof that:history repeats itself(although with a twist)the ramayana:sita was apaharaned by ravana, brought back by hanumaan.ncs:r.a.m was apaharaned by ********** it was blamed on maan, brought back by new character naveen.



posted by your daddy @ 7:41 pm 
      
         4 comments






tuesday, february 14, 2006




happy valentines dayhave sum good, scratch that gr8 flash animations for you to see if u have sumthing to share feel free.http://www.funny-games.biz/animations/1-smoke-kills.html(why not to smoke)http://www.funny-games.biz/animations/5-happy-tree-friends.html



posted by your daddy @ 4:17 pm 
      
         0 comments










 







web counter

















































