


rss bandit


























rss bandit
browsing web news without a browser




you are not logged in • login

















feeds • nntp • podcasts
the only rss reader that works with google reader and facebook








home
features
download
donate
blog
project status
get help
contact










moving to github
samstag, februar 11 2017 - blog
the rss bandit code and tickets have moved over to github (https://github.com/rssbandit/rssbandit). please join us there at our new home. the rss bandit project is largely dormant, but there are a few minor updates that i'm aiming to do in the near-future: fix the hi dpi issues when running on high...continue reading →


3 comments





next step - iceman
sonntag, september 01 2013 - blog
long time i did not had the time or internal readiness to continue coding any rss bandit feature or bugfix. there were also events in the past regarding my health which prevented a deeper involvement with the project other than manage the site itself and keep connected with the code base itself. but...continue reading →


8 comments





what?
sonntag, august 26 2012 - uncategorized
this is the official website of rss bandit, a free, open source application that allows you to read news feeds (both rss and atom feeds), supports nntp and download podcasts from your desktop. it also can synchronize with your feeds in google reader and the facebook news feed....continue reading →


no comments





dare talks about metro style apps taking advantage of sso, and bandit
freitag, oktober 28 2011 - blog
project lead dare posted: a video of his talk “powering your app with live services” from microsoft build conference now available . he also talks about his experiences with windows application development related to rss bandit. nice to see you live, dare!...continue reading →


no comments





user discussion forum moved to
donnerstag, september 02 2010 - blog
because of the ongoing spam flooding, maintenance time and other related issues we gave up hosting our own forum software and moved to use the sourceforge forum located at http://sourceforge.net/projects/rssbandit/forums/forum/335140 (was yet active the recent years, but rarely used). the links at our...continue reading →


1 comment





rss bandit v1.9.0.1002 release
sonntag, juli 04 2010 - project status / release notes
torsten and i have been busy working on the rewriting the rss bandit ui using windows presentation foundation (wpf) and moving to a ribbon based model. we've had to quickly take a break to fix a problem caused by recent changes in how google reader handles authenticated requests from client applications...continue reading →


8 comments





google reader integration broken - new release coming in the next few days
montag, juni 28 2010 - blog
a number of customers have pointed out that google reader integration with rss bandit has stopped working due to recent changes in how google reader authentication works . i'm currently working on a fix and expect a notification about a new release within the next 2 - 3 days. i apologize to our users...continue reading →


5 comments





site update: support for comment feeds
donnerstag, oktober 15 2009 - blog
today i updated our cms theme to display the "subscribe to most recent site comments" blue feed icon next to the big normal "subscribe to site feed" symbol. it offers the last recently posted comments to any of the posts of this site as a feed. moreover i replaced the used widget...continue reading →


6 comments





rss bandit v1.9.0.972 release (with updated installer)
sonntag, oktober 11 2009 - project status / release notes
as part of spring cleaning to get ready for windows 7, we are releasing version 1.9.0.972 of rss bandit. you can download it from here [ update: the issues when upgrading from v1.8.0.870 have been addressed] this release primarily fixes bugs from the previous release. with the code base now stable we...continue reading →


46 comments





a closer look at the upcoming rss bandit ribbon
sonntag, mai 31 2009 - project status
in between watching the google wave video and slumdog millionaire , i got around to completing the first set of tabs for the ribbon in rss bandit . screenshots are below, as usual let me know what you think. fig 1: the home tab. this is the default tab on launching the application. i like that formerly...continue reading →


12 comments



← older posts



subscribe
  

project powered by

 


tags
commit contribute credits development direct-contact documentation donate download feed forum graffiti graffiticms log matrix metro online-documentation patches press-contact release reporting-bugs rss sources sso support translation 


sites of interest
wix toolset





© rss bandit — © 2003-2018 rssbandit.org; all rights reserved.
hosted by 1&1 hosting | design by 1234.info, modified by torsten rendelmann | site powered by graffiti cms | xhtml 1.0 | css 2.0




