




















	dr. robert n. spivack - eye doctors in deptford nj -eye doctor turnersville













     




hours


order contacts




appointment


pay your bill



 



								    1500 almonesson rd.
								    
                                    court at deptford,
                                    
								    deptford, nj 08096
                                

 


(856) 227-4555





								    3501 route 42
								    
                                    cross keys commons,
                                    
								    turnersville, nj 08012
                                

 


(856) 875-8989










$pecials!!
about us


why choose us?
read | post reviews
meet your eye doctors
meet your eye team
office hours
refund policy
insurance

hipaa

 internal access only

email

tools




clinical services

ilux® dry eye treatment
annual eye exams
medical services
amd
dry eyes

eyewear services
contact lenses
children's vision
computer vision

eye infections




eyeglasses


blue light lenses
polarized lenses
eyeglass guide 2.0
transition lenses faq's
eyeglasses faq's


contact lenses

misight contacts
contact lens types
contact lens brands
oasys transitions
contact lenses faq's
sclera lenses faq's
crt - ortho-k
how to videos


patients


color deficiency quiz
eye exam
eye library
common problems
ortho-k (crt)
cataract
glaucoma
macular degeneration
dry eye
child's exam

general faq's
hipaa


contact us

maps
email




 carecredit



















⚠ coronavirus (covid-19) health advisory update: learn more ➤























schedule appointment













ilux® dry eye system








view eye conditions



















x


how the eye worksview video ►










x


cataractsview video ►










x


glaucomaview video ►










x


dry eyeview video ►












x


ocular allergiesview video ►










x


diabetic retinopathyview video ►










x


computer lensesview video ►










x


macular degenerationview video ►







how the eye worksview video ►



cataractsview video ►





glaucomaview video ►



dry eyeview video ►





eye allergiesview video ►



diabetic eye healthview video ►





computer lensesview video ►



macular degenerationview video ►






now introducing ilux®! take dry eye management to the next level.







                        seeing 2020 doesn’t mean you or your eyes are healthy.
                    

                        you may not know this, but a comprehensive eye health exam can detect diseases 
                        like glaucoma and diabetes, that not only affect your eyes but overall health. 
                        many systemic issues with your health are first detected in your eyes. we can 
                        detect even the smallest changes in your vision and eye health. our diagnostic 
                        equipment helps us ascertain your risk factors for many debilitating eye and 
                        body diseases which, with early detection, may be managed.
                        
                        dr. robert spivack, o.d., and the eye team are dedicated to providing you with comprehensive eye examinations and the proper fitting of eyeglasses or contact lenses, as well as the appropriate treatment of medical eye conditions including infections, injuries, glaucoma and cataracts.
                    







                review us online
                







                    our promise to you!
                

                    our friendly, professional eye care team is committed to providing the highest quality eye care to our patients of all ages, to improve eye health, vision and quality of life.
                







                    the decision to maintain excellent health can only begin with you!
                

                    we never take for granted that you have placed your confidence in us. building a foundation of trust by treating our patients as unique individuals has been integral to our success. our entire team is dedicated to providing you with excellent, personalized care.
                    
dr. robert spivack offers complete eye care that includes comprehensive eye examinations, emergency eye care and routine eye care for various eye problems like dry eye, eye allergies and treatment of eye diseases including pink eye, eye infections, conjunctivitis, glaucoma and more.
                











                 our frame selections features leading designers from around the globe and the latest in lens technology.
                 


































 







                    optical boutique
                

                    regardless of your visual needs, you should not have to compromise expressing your style and fashion for visual functionality. we will work with you to find that perfect pair. we feature the latest fashion eyewear from around the world. we have ophthalmic lenses, special lens treatments, scratch resistant and glare free lenses and special 'blue-light' lenses that protect your eyes. we also feature a large selection of non-prescription designer sunglasses and reading glasses.
                


                    contact lenses
                

                    even though we specialize in 'hard-to-fit' contact lenses, we also offer contact lens fitting for all types of contact lenses such as soft, toric, disposable and non-disposable contact lenses, rigid gas permeable contacts as well as contact lenses for special purposes or conditions. for those that need contact lenses for far and near vision, we have you covered! we have multifocal soft and gas permeable multifocal lenses. we also carry the latest hybrid contact lenses and scleral lenses for difficult to fit corneas. for those who want to enhance or change their eye color, we have many colored contact lens options from gently enhancing the color of your eye to changing the color of your eye.
                now fitting misight myopia control, fda approved, daily disposable lens!
					click here. the cornerstone of a comprehensive myopia management approach, misight® 1 day is a daily wear, single use contact lens that has been clinically proven and fda-approved to slow the progression of myopia (nearsightedness) when initially prescribed for children 8-12 years old.                
                
                
                now treating the 
					leading causes of dry eye with the revolutionary ilux® dry eye treatment! if you regularly use drops,
or are experiencing symptoms of dry eye, 

					
click here. to learn more about this 
					innovative in-office dry eye treatment..  
                
                
                








































	"everything perfect ... office even had my contacts in stock so no waiting. great job!"
	david r.


	"i have been a patient for years and am very satisfied."
	doug.


	"i forget what kind of frames i got, but i know i really like them and i am actually excited to recieve them." 
john p.


	"dr. spivak and his associates are eager to help you. he clearly explains his prices and doesn't try to sham you on something you don't want or can't afford like other optitians i've heard of. the office is clean."
peter b.


	"very friendly and efficient excellent explanation of all options and fast delivery on glasses would reccomend a visit." 
james a.


	"i didn't feel rushed at all he was great with my 5 year old and did a good job making her feel at ease for her first visit." 
jessica f.



















schedule appointment




                            court at deptford office
                        

                            1500 almonesson rd.
							
							deptford court
							
							deptford, nj 08096
(856) 227-4555
map it
office hours
email us






                            cross keys commons office
                        

                            3501 route 42
							
							cross keys commons
							
							turnersville, nj 08012
							(856) 875-8989
map it
office hours
email us







	        court at deptford office 3501 route 42 cross keys commons turnersville, nj 08012 phone: (856) 875-8989 fax: (856) 875-6978
cross keys commons office 1500 almonesson rd. court at deptford deptford, nj 08096 phone: (856) 227-4555 fax: (856) 232-7577
copyright ©  all content is the property of dr spivack & assoc. vendors. |
				disclaimer | 
				hipaa
website powered and developed by
				eyevertise.com 











	

 -->
               
                








