





armscollectors.com main page













armscollectors.com menu





 
    armscollectors.com
    main page 
  


learn 
  - basics
 
dates 
  in firearm history

frequently asked questions

evaluating 
  history of a gun 
article 
by jim supica
military holsters
(under construction)



learn 
  - advanced
factory 
  letters
  and military records


museums with arms exhibits


arms 
  collector groups
other 
  useful links

book recommendations 

book 
  reviews 



specialties 
  

u.s. military arms 

factory 
  letters
  and military records
 
  krag 
  bolt removal


which 
  u.s. bayonet?

m1917 enfield parts 
  markings
(from m1903.com) 
m1917 
  enfield sling instructions
 m1 
  garand disassembly and parts
(from civilianmarksmanship.com) 

cartridges 
  and ammunition 
 international 
  ammunition association

cartridgedcollectors.org 
corrosive primers change to non-corrosive- dates


edged 
  weapons 
society 
  of american bayonet collectors
bayonetcollectors.org

sword 
  collector homepage

recommended
dealers 


oldguns.net 

manufacture 
  dates
pre-1899 
  antique 
  serial numbers 
(from empire arms. use at own risk.)
remington
(from oldguns.net)
ruger
(& factory letters)
u.s. 
  military
(from oldguns.net)
winchester
(from the winchster collectors)

markings
serial 
  numbers 
  (foreign language) 
gun 
  marks
(from oldguns.net)
house 
  brands
(from oldguns.net)
u.s. 
  inspectors
(from oldguns.net)
wwii 
  german 
codes & markings
(from oldguns.net)
mosin 
  nagant markings 

warnings 
   
 
spotting 
  fake firearms
antiques roadshow advice



collection 
  care & records
(preservation tips, inventory software, insurance)

 
  arms / gun show listings
nra 
  list
crossroads 
list
big reno show
new frontier shows
gun trader shows


living 
  history 
(info coming soon)
mannequins 
  for uniform display
make them yourself!


 
    arms collectors.com
    main page 
      
      




welcome to 
        armscollectors.com
(www.armscollectors.com) 
 sponsored by 





oldguns.net
antique and collectable 
                    firearms and militaria headquarters 



after many years of serving collectors and students of firearms and military history on our oldguns.net site, we realized there is a need for a convenient resource center for information useful to firearms collectors. we have developed this site to fill that need. 
this is an opportunity for you to own, enjoy and preserve pieces of history, and better understand past events. 

in addition to the historical aspects, there are also collectors who are fascinated by the technical aspects of the evolution of various types of arms, and the part those innovations played in history.
            and, many antique or modern arms are valued for their artistic qualities. for example, the uniquely american "kentucky rifle" required the diverse skills of a cabinet maker, a blacksmith, a jeweler, and an artist to create. and, they were created not as artistic objects, but rather as utilitarian arms for defense of self, family or country, and for putting food on the table, or for the sport of target shooting. 
            
  


new addition- 
 gyrojet.net
has moved permanently to become part of armscollectors.com 
we are now the source for  all the great information, production data, period photos 
 and accurate information about these often misunderstood devices.                
                        gyrojet.net was started in 2000 by  mel carpenter, an aerospace engineer, retired navy pilot, and one of the leading authorities on all types of ammunition and their history. mel is the author of the definitive book on gyrojets, which we now have available. we are deeply indebted to him for entrusting us with taking this wonderful site into the future to ensure its valuable information remains available to collectors and historians.
the new address is 
https://armscollectors.com/gyrojet/ 
please bookmark that for future use, as the old gyrojet.net address will soon be retired.

{note- only the cover page is here now, we are working on getting all the pages transferred and functioning on our servers.]




 


new addition- 
 trapdoorcollector.com
has moved permanently to become part of armscollectors.com                    
we are now the home for  all the great information, production data, period photos and the active discussion forum used by both advanced collectors a newbies thinking about getting their first trapdoor springfield, or other items from that era.                      
trapdoorcollector.com was started in 1998 by  dr. albert j. frasca, the leading authority on the subject, and we are deeply indebted to him for entrusting us with taking this wonderful site into the future to ensure its valuable information remains available to collectors and historians.
                      
                      the new address is                      
https://armscollectors.com/trapdoor/ 
please bookmark that for future use, as the old trapdoorcollector.com address has been retired. 







new video addition- 
 val forgett 
                    (founder of navy arms) 
describing his clearing  explosive material from 
"bannerman's island arsenal" 










check out the"featured collector item" 
right now, it has 27 superb studies prepared by the late david radcliffe, which first appeared on his "midwest gun show" site. they are used here with the kind permission of his son, reed radcliffe. these are detailed studies of one or several related arms, with interesting stories and lots of good factual information and clear photos. 
                      we certainly enjoyed these, and know that you will too.
enter "featured collector item" section.
 



  
the greatest enjoyment and biggest challenges of arms collecting are related to finding accurate information about various arms. this is especially true for people who have basic questions about one or more old guns they have inherited, found,or purchased. 
however, an unbelievable wealth of information is available to anyone interested in arms collecting. 
fifty years ago, only a few dozen books were available for arms collectors. today, they number in the thousands, and are getting better all the time, and cover more than just colts and winchesters. some recommended books are listed on this site.
only a handful of gun collector groups existed prior to 1960, but today there are dozens of regional groups as well as dozens more who specialize on some specific collecting field. we have a listing of these great places to share ones interests, and exchange collectible items.
in less than a decade, the internet has made it possible to find information all over the world in a matter of minutes, and seek information from hundreds of people with greater (or often lesser) knowledge of the subject. we have links to many fine sites.
our focus is to share access to many of the resources we believe will be useful. 
we do not pretend to know everything about arms, or have the biggest, best, or most valuable collections. however, we know we can help the vast majority of collectors and hobbyists who would like to enjoy some aspect of arms collecting.
arms collecting has many facets, but most focus on the historic, technical or artistic merits of the arms which make them appealing to collectors. some collectors cherish a rusty bayonet, or musket ball recovered from an old battlefield. others like the artistry and craftsmanship of a kentucky rifle, or a valuable pair of cased flintlock dueling pistols, or a shotgun engraved by one of the living masters. others find suits of armor, or swords, or even military vehicles (small jeeps to big tanks!) as their chosen connections with history. ammunition collectors delve into the minute details and evolving technical aspects of cartridges of all sizes. some collectors seek to fill a collection with arms of a single maker, others of a single historic period, some concentrate on a specific caliber, or country of origin. many just want to own guns that they like for various reasons. some only collect bayonets.
many arms collectors enjoy shooting their guns, and many people interested in living history (reenacting) become arms collectors as an outgrowth of that hobby.
while not purely collectors, they are potential future collectors, and their experiences can provide valuable information to collectors. we need to encourage these people in their endeavors.
arms collecting is a threatened or endangered hobby.
there are some anti-gun zealots who believe that every gun (and most likely sword or bayonet as well) should be taken away from law abiding citizens and destroyed. they claim it is "for the children" or will "prevent violence" or other noble sounding reasons. these misguided souls are unable to show where a gun ban, or other increased gun control laws have ever been successful, even total bans on private arms ownership. england, australia, washington dc and chicago are decimated by gun violence, because criminals simply do not obey the law, leaving only disarmed victims. they want to take your guns away,not matter how old, how valuable, or how historic. they have a long list of various excuses about why some specific type of gun is too big, or too small, or too cheap, or too ugly, or something else, and it should be banned. regrettably, in 1986, gun owners fell for that scheme and most ignored the attacks on continued manufacture of machine guns, effectively shutting off that area of arms collecting. in 1994 "assault weapons" (whatever that means) were banned, because the shotgun and pistol owners didn't pay much attention. henceforth, it is imperative that every gun owner resist every attempt to pass any sort of restriction on private gun ownership. your derringer collection or your properly licensed self defense pistol will be attacked as a "pocket rocket" or cheap "saturday night special". your engraved trap gun will become a potential "sawed- off shotgun gangster weapon." your deer rifle or prized target rifles will be described as "evil sniper rifles that can kill from a great distance."

we need to encourage youngsters who have some interest in firearms. years ago nearly every boy (and may girls) were given a rifle of their own when their parents thought it was appropriate for them to learn about gun safety and marksmanship. this was usually about ages 10 to 12, and many high schools had rifle teams as well as most colleges with their rotc programs. sadly, the antigun folks have successfully sold the myth that access to, or even knowledge about, firearms has suddenly caused an increase in violent crime especially gun violence. research should show that decades of permissive parents, glorified violence from the "entertainment" industry, and an education industry bent on indoctrination and power are the real culprits. the end of traditional universal military service where every young man learned gun safety and marksmanship as part of their obligation to serve our country has also eroded familiarity with those topics. 
again, welcome to our  site.
john spangler & marc wade


you and your family and friends must be registered to vote, and politically active to defend the future of arms collecting. we strongly encourage you to join the national rifle association, or the second amendment foundation and your state gun rights group.


