




miller consultants | developing cultures for sustainable success


























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerwho we are
what we do
work with us
articles
podcast
book
contact
subscribe





sustainable culture and leadership:keys to your company’s success 

businesses that succeed for the long-term balance the pursuit of profits with a commitment to contribute to society.it takes a specific kind of culture to support this balance – a sustainable culture.we help companies develop these sustainable cultures. 

sign up today.
our biweekly newsletter, the conscious leadership difference, is loaded with practical insights, clear step-by-step processes, and simple tools you can use immediately.

get practical resources for leading with purpose delivered straight to your inbox.

sign me up!


what people are saying aboutkathy miller perkins and miller consultants:
i have worked with kathy miller perkins and can vouch for the value she brings to leaders through her solid research and practical tips and tools.mark weick, lead director, sustainability and enterprise risk management, the dow chemical company 
kathy miller perkins helps companies create a culture and environment that inspires people while supporting business purpose and long-term success.jack e. weber, iida, mcr, leed ap,senior vice president / design principal, gresham smith 
kathy is an incredibly thoughtful and experienced practitioner working to support change and develop sustainable cultures in purpose-driven organizations.sakis kotsantonis, managing partner, kks advisors


how we help build sustainable companies



assess your company’s current culture
our evidence-based approach assesses the current state of your company’s culture, helps determine the desired future state and then develops a strategy for closing the gap.


develop transformational leaders
our evidence-based approach assesses, trains and coaches your leaders on how to embed purpose into your company’s culture.


help build capacity for change
we help your company become adept at constant change by developing strategies, providing tools and offering coaching support.


learn more about what we do


our work with brown-forman is a great exampleof how our process works in real life.

brown-forman asked us to help them develop a clear, comprehensive strategy for environmental sustainability. after assessing the current state of their culture, we helped design a strategy to meet their goals. once that strategy was approved, we created a roadmap, outlining a step-by-step approach to help them measure progress and outcomes along the way.
the results?
three years in to the implementation of their roadmap, they reported the following results: 
30% reduction in energy, waste water and carbon emissions 85% reduction in waste to landfill first time cross-functional employee engagement focused on sustainability
rob frederick, the vp & director, corporate brand and communications | brown-forman corporation had this to say about our work: 
kathy and her team’s work with brown-forman in the early days of deepening and advancing our sustainability commitment helped put us on a path to better understand and leverage culture, purpose and employee engagement. like a fine cocktail, miller consultants provides just the right mix of thought leadership, research, guidance and tools to accelerate sustainability progress.”
read the full case study

still have questions about how to create a sustainable culture in your company? kathy literally wrote the book!


based on a 10-year research program, leadership and purpose provides evidence for how the cultures of sustainable companies differentiate them from others. this book provides tools for becoming a sustainable company as well as case studies of business leaders’ experiences – their mistakes, their successes, the lessons they learned – to illustrate their journey. this book is for every leader at all levels: ceos, senior leaders, managers and those without formal positions of authority but who influence others and contribute to a sustainable culture.


 more info plus 20% discount code here 

ready to develop a culture that attracts superior talent, engages employees, inspires innovation and do well by doing good? 

great ~ let’s get started! 

footer
about
contact
privacy policy
terms of service
copyright © 2025 ·  miller consultants. all rights reserved. 2019-2023 miller consultants  +1 502 551 2683  · info@millerconsultants.com 















