






albion software














albion software






ship it!


car cards


railbase


scheduler


news


balancer


ordering



















model railroad operations and inventory software
developing software for model railroaders since 1996.
trestle on the developer's layout - the cripple creek district railroad





switching the sawmill at menefee
operating with ship it! generated traffic





some serious switching
operating with ship it! generated traffic.





yards at ballston point
operating with ship it! generated traffic.





westbound freight
operating with ship it! generated traffic.





goldfield yard on the the cripple creek district railroad
operating with ship it! generated traffic.






previous



next





welcome to albion software




ship it! 10.0

a realistic, non-random switchlist generator. put your layout to work - make your layout come to life! let ship it help you operate like the prototype. car movement is never random with ship it! just tell ship it! what products your industries ship and receive, and it will create car movements between them, even across divisions. 


learn more





car cards 3.2

car cards helps you create car cards, waybills, form 19's/31's for your layout, without getting into the complexity of computer-generated traffic. the software supports three modes of operation: hand-keyed car cards/waybills identified by car number and reporting marks; hand-keyed car cards/waybills identified by aar code only; computer generated car movement output by ship it!


learn more





railbase 2.0

railbase lets you store inventory information and images for all your model railroading needs: freight cars, passenger cars, locomotives, structures, and generic (miscellaneous) items.


learn more





scheduler 1.0

scheduler enables you to create train graphs (string diagrams) so that you can see your train schedules in graph form. avoid those corn field meets! scheduler comes free with ship it! and car cards, but is also available stand-alone.


learn more








all of our software shares the same database - you don't have to enter the same data multiple times.
90 day money back guarantee


order now







copyright © albionsoftware.com 2023








