




 


national catholic office for the deaf - home



 





log in





home


join us


donate


help













 

  




home



online store




participate in webinar explainer







pastoral week



pastoral week 2025




pastoral week 2024




pastoral week conference history







faith enrichment events




about us



our history




in memory of beloved members




regional map




board of directors







interpreter resources




donate




faith formation opportunities



sacramental preparation




asl youcat







network links




join us




contact





















you belong at ncod!



 


video of pope francis opening the holy door in st. peter's basilica to begin the jubilee year of hope (asl interpreted)usccb information on pilgrimage for those with disabilitiesusccb website with information on the jubilee 2025if you are a ministry office seeking information about how to make your jubilee celebrations accessible to the deaf or hard of hearing, please contact us at info@ncod.org.  
 



 
it is important for members to log in so they can access member-only features on the website, such as access to recorded webinars and other information.  the video above explains how to log in, change passwords, and other information about member features.  
 










 



















be connected
meet members of the deaf catholic community and the ministries that serve them throughout the united states & canada



 
be informed

participate in quarterly webinars and any of the other faith formation and retreat opportunities promoted by ncod


be involved

attend the annual pastoral week conference, become active in your local deaf catholic community & bring others to christ

 
click on the calendar event for more information.  colors are based on the region where the event is:  red - west regionpurple - northeast regionlight blue - great lakes regionorange - midwest region
 
upcoming events


no upcoming events










half an hour's meditation each day is essential, except when you are busy.  then, a full hour is needed.  - st. francis de sales, patron saint for the deaf









7202 buchanan st.
landover hills, md  20784
info@ncod.org
vp/voice: 301-841-8209

ncod is a 501(c)(3) organization


copyright (c) national catholic office for the deaf





powered by wild apricot membership software







