
















home | arizona arthritis center
















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


home


news & media


make a gift






 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

overview
people
history
arthritis center founders
endowed chairs
endowed lectures/visiting professors
grand rounds
southwestern clinic and research institute



research

research overview
university of arizona arthritis center research projects
clinical research unit - studies
the lupus clinical trials network (lucin)



for patients

patients overview
rheumatology clinics
conditions we treat
infusion services



community outreach

outreach overview
the joint space podcast
tucson lecture series
tucson active series
annual conference



education

education overview
fellowships
conferences
rheumatology educational resources
living in tucson
where we practice



giving

giving
friends
























home










 









arizona women's basketball coach adia barnes and athletic director desireé reed-francois entertain the audience at the 2024 university of arizona arthritis center bear down celebration







the arizona women's basketball team shares a laugh with the audience at the 2024 university of arizona arthritis center bear down celebration







university of arizona arthritis center director c. kent kwoh, md (left) facilitates a panel discussion on climate change and health with drs. fariba donovan, randy horwitz, julia jernberg and art sanders at the 2024 uaac symposium







edna silva, rn, leads 2024 uaac symposium participants in the practice of tai chi chuan







2024 uaac symposium keynote presenter dr. kacey ernst is joined by arthritis center director c. kent kwoh, md. dr. ernst presented the topic 'beyond the forecast: the interplay of climate change and health'







university of arizona arthritis center director c. kent kwoh, md shares his research findings at the uarizona arthritis center's 'meet the researcher's poster tour'. dr. kwoh is internationally-recognized for his research on knee osteoarthritis





previous



next












mission statement to make a difference in the lives of patients and their families by conducting research ranging from molecules to people, by empowering patients to take charge of their lifestyles, and by educating providers/clinicians and scientists to provide compassionate care through delivery of novel, effective and safer therapies.









 




message from the directorit is my pleasure to welcome you to the university of arizona arthritis center. the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) estimate that one in three adults has some type of arthritis. our vision is living a life free of arthritis through excellence in research, patient care, education and community outreach. this vision will be achieved through maximizing our abilities, passion and resources.read more




 

recent news















image
 







jan. 7, 2025


arthritis center director c. kent kwoh, md, macr, noted expert on arthritis lab test



    read more
  






















image
 







nov. 15, 2024


lupus research alliance celebrates uaac director c. kent kwoh, md, macr



    read more
  




















image
 







nov. 14, 2024


uaac shines at 2024 american college of rheumatology annual meeting



    read more
  




















image
 







nov. 1, 2024


carlos tafich-rios, md, joins u of a rheumatology faculty



    read more
  

















 
other news


 

college of medicine events



there are no upcoming events listed.



view all events on the calendar













































we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














