



	pennsylvania child support program






















search | site map | contact us










pa state agencies
educationenvironmental protectiongame commissionhomeland securitylabor & industrylotteryhuman servicesrevenuestatetransportationmore...







online services
compass: access to social servicesdriver & vehicle servicesfind a jobfishing licenseshomeland security tip submissionhunting licensespersonal income taxesplaces to stay in paturnpike e-zpassunemployment compensationmore...









english
|
espanól
|

|
中文
|
tiếng việt
|
русский





home


fidm







homelegislation & ffsffs pa addendumreporting changesexemption requestfaqscontact us



pa child support program


pennsylvania addendum to the multistate financial institution data match specifications handbook
fidm addendum

    the pennsylvania financial institution data match (pa fidm) program is required to 
    use the multistate financial institution data match specifications handbook 
    provided by the federal office of child support enforcement. you may download a copy of this handbook at: 


    http://www.acf.hhs.gov/sites/default/files/programs/css/msfidm_specifications_handbook.pdf
   


    pennsylvania has modified its pa fidm program requirements and file specifications 
    to match the multistate fidm file specifications according to the multistate financial institution data match specifications handbook. 
    all institutions participating in the pa fidm program are required to follow these federal specifications.


    however, please be aware of significant differences between the federal fidm program and the pa fidm program. 
    please be sure to carefully review this document in its entirety. 
    the differences between the federal program and the pa fidm program are illustrated in the tables below.  





position
size
description
comment/format




federal
351-357
7

                account balance
            

                numeric, whole dollars, sign trailing. zeros are required if position 361 = 0
            


pa
351-357
7

                account balance
            

                must be reported cannot be blank
            


federal
361
1

                account balance indicator
            

                0 = not provided
                1 = average balance
                2 = current balance
            


pa
361
1

                account balance indicator
            

                0 - not allowed, only 1 or 2
            


federal
362
1

                account update file indicator
            

                0 = delete (closed account)
                1 = add-new account since last match
                2 = change (name/address)
            


pa
362
1

                account update file indicator
            

                blank
            


federal
371
1

                data match file indicator
            

                m = method 2
                a = method 1
                u = account file update
            


pa
371
1

                data match file indicator
            

                u = not allowed, only m & a
            




    please also note the following pennsylvania specific program requirements:




        the pa fidm program will not accept data files in ebcdic format.
    

        all data files must be in ascii format.
    

        the pa fidm program will not accept data files that span multiple media. 
        the header, detail, and trailer records ("a", "b", and "t" records in the federal multistate 
        financial institution data match specifications handbook) must be able to fit onto one media. 
        therefore, the financial institution must select a media type 
        that will be able to hold the data files for one quarter for one financial institution.
    

        each media type must contain only one file. the file may have multiple "a", "b", and "t" records.
    

        the pa fidm program does not accept 1099 file formats.
    

        pa fidm program file naming conventions. the following file naming conventions have been developed for method 1 and method 2.
    






method type
descriptions
file name




method 1
all accounts file
allaccts.txt


method 2
matched file
match.txt




    please be sure to use these file names for all data file exchanges.



media labeling procedures. the following procedures are applicable to both method 1 and method 2 filers.



    if a financial institution is submitting its own account file, 
    the following information must be included on the label:




        financial institution name and fi fein
    

        data processor (dp) name, dp fein, and dp contact name and phone number
    

        method (1 or 2)
    

        the calendar quarter being submitted - (1, 2, 3, or 4)
    



    if the financial institution and data processor are the same, 
    it is not necessary to repeat the fi name and fi fein in the dp name and dp fein section. 
    the contact name and phone number must still be provided.


    if a third party data processor is submitting the account file, the following information must be included on the label:



data processor name, dp fein, and dp contact name and phone number

        method (1 or 2) 
    

        the calendar quarter being submitted - (1, 2, 3, or 4)
    

        on a separate piece of paper, the third party data processor must include 
        each financial institution name and fi fein included on the media
    



    for both financial institutions and third party data processors, 
    the reporting quarter must be included on each media label. 
    the reporting quarters establish a file submission frequency to the pa fidm program. 
    the following reporting quarters are: 



quarter 1 - january 1 through march 31
quarter 2 - april 1 through june 30
quarter 3 - july 1 through september 30
quarter 4 - october 1 through december 31



    if media is reused, please do not remove or conceal the pa fidm program’s media label. 
    please add a new fi label or third party data processor label to the media. 
    be sure that these two labels are visible and clear. the two labels must not overlap one another.


    for additional clarification regarding 
    technical modifications or reporting methods, please refer to the 
    amendment or contact informatix, inc.

home | privacy | disclaimer | security | browser compatibility | accessibility | about bcse | mobile site









