






james wharram designs - unique self-build sailing catamarans, inspired by the double canoes of the polynesians






























































 











login


contact us
facebook
instagram
youtube
james wharram designs

unique self-build sailing catamarans, inspired by the double canoes of the polynesians
search








shopboat building plansstudy plansbooksfilmsmerchandisepapers and articlesour catamaransself build boatsprofessionally built boatschoosing a boathow we designvisual tourphoto galleryvideo galleryarticlesabout uswharram worldnewsfaq






































your basket is currently empty!












dream, build, sail
build your own catamaran renowned for its seaworthiness, stability and safe simplicity. all wharram plans are drawn for the first-time builder.
self-build boats





a global family of sailors
the wharram world circles the globe. wharram catamarans have been built and are sailing in all the world’s oceans.
wharram world





trusted, proven designs
we believe the ancient polynesians knew a thing or two about building boats to last. wharram catamarans are proven survivors.
how we design





mana 24: boat in a box
assemble her yourself from pre-cnc-cut plywood parts. keep it at home, trail it and sail it anywhere.
see more





seaworthy. simple. affordable.
building your own boat with wharram designs is the easiest and most cost effective way to fulfil your sailing dreams. wharram self-build boat plans start from only £120.
wharram designs are based on years of practical, hands-on experience of building and ocean sailing catamarans. they are renowned for their seaworthiness, stability and safe simplicity. designs from 14’ – 63’ are available for self-building in ply/epoxy with very detailed, easy to follow plans often described as ‘a course in boatbuilding’.




dream
study our self build boats to familiarise yourself with our range of designs and their unique qualities. download and read the wharram design book which reviews each design in detail and offers a detailed introduction to the world of self-build catamarans. order and download study plans and immerse yourself into the boat builder’s mindset; evaluate the costs; the amount of time required to build your boat; where you will build it and where you will eventually launch it.


build
once you have decided on the boat that is right for you, order your boat building plans. all wharram building plans are drawn for the first time builder, so anyone with a modicum of practical ability can build one of our designs. our building plans present quality instruction, guidance and advice for both novice and professional alike. they are all based on decades of actual building experience and thousands of ocean miles sailed.


sail
go on adventures and live the life of your dreams. spend your weekends coastal trekking and camping, or live aboard and spend your days sailing around the world. become a member of the global family of wharram builders and sailors. wharram catamarans have been built and are sailing in all the world’s oceans and can be found in far away ports and anchorages.




the quality of the wharram self-build catamarans is reflected in their popularity, excellence of craftmanship and sound sailing qualities. more than 50 years on – with over 10,000 sets of plans sold and thousands turned into proud vessels – wharram ‘cats’ can be seen in harbours across the world, maintaining the highest reputation for surviving wind and wave.


10,000+ 
boat building plans sold




find out more



self-build boats
index of wharram self-build catamarans. familiarise yourself with our range of designs and their unique qualities.
read more



choosing a boat
to help you select a design, read our practical advice about basic requirements, building times, building methods, and costs.
read more



how we design
several articles giving an in-depth look at our core design principles and how they are reflected as seaworthy, stable vessels sailing the oceans.
read more



james wharram: lifetime achievement award
a special award was presented to james wharram for a ‘lifetime achievement’ as pioneer catamaran builder – sailor and multihull designer.
read more








about james wharram
in the mid 50’s, based on his research into ancient polynesian boat design, james wharram built the first off-shore catamaran in britain and sailed it out into the atlantic. while the world’s yachting community still did not accept such a design as a worthy sea-going vessel, james was landing his 23’6″ ‘double canoe’ called tangaroa in trinidad in the west indies.
there he built a second 40′ polynesian style catamaran, rongo, and in 1959 sailed it up to new york and back to the uk accompanied by two german women – being the first to sail a catamaran west-to-east across the north atlantic. these amazing trans-atlantic crossings and the follow up book ‘two girls, two catamarans‘ have etched the name ‘james wharram’ into the annals of yachting history.
since then, james wharram has been designing, building and sailing offshore catamarans longer than any other multihull designer. james was a ‘hands-on’ designer having, over his lifetime, built personally many of the prototype designs. these prototypes were built in the open, in barns, workshops and all the range of building sites available to self-builders, in a variety of climate types from northern european to the tropics. james was often referred to as a ‘living legend’ or as written in ‘yachting monthly’ in january 2006: “james wharram is considered by many to be the father of modern multihull cruising.”
james’ last achievement was his autobiography published in 2020 as ‘people of the sea‘, which he wrote in conjunction with his design/life partner hanneke boon. james died in december 2021 at the age of 93. the design business is carried on by his co-designer hanneke boon.


tanenui ‘young woodleigh ii’ launchedby paul joske12/01/2025on the 17th april 2024, my new 28′ tane nui, “young woodleigh 11” was finally launched. it was in the early 1980’s as a young man that i dreamt of building an ocean-going catamaran. being a surfboard builder and surfer, with a very strong interest in hawaii and the polynesian culture, i was drawn to the simplicity and sea keeping abilities of the double canoe. i had read much on multihull design and was impressed with the wharram designs and purchased a set of plans from your australian agent in 1982. read more
tiki odysseyby roy leask05/04/2024from kos to kefalonia – father and son, in a self-build wharram tiki, survive a winter passage across greece. the call came on thursday. ‘hey, dad. there’s a weather window, all next week. it could take us all the way to monemvasia, maybe even round the peleponese.’ it was my son, andrew, freelance skipper, calling from greece where he’s based. over the christmas holiday we had talked about sailing our self-build wharram tiki 26 from its birthplace in kos to its new home in kefalonia, a winter passage of over 400nm east to west across greece. seven years in the… read more: tiki odyssey
hui wharram cornwall gatheringby liz dal bon13/03/2024the next hui gathering is here! join us for a weekend of wharram micro adventures. 3rd, 4th, 5th august 2024, in cornwall, uk. all welcome – arrive with or without a boat. we are having another annual hui! this hui will mark 70 years since james designed his first catamaran ‘tangaroa’ and we are excited that we will be mooring at devoran quay just a 5 minute walk from the wharram headquarters based in cornwall. it would be lovely to celebrate his achievement with all of you. if you have a boat you are welcome to sail to devoran quay… read more: hui wharram cornwall gathering
hui wharram cornwall gathering 2023by liz dal bon14/05/2023a gathering of wharram sailors and enthusiasts join us for a weekend of wharram micro adventures. 11th, 12th and 13th august 2023, in cornwall, uk. all welcome – arrive with or without a boat. what’s a hui? it is a polynesian word for ‘social gathering‘ and they regularly take place all over the pacific. for the last few years we have made a tradition of hosting our very own hui here in cornwall, starting from wharram hq, devoran. point quay – last year’s hui in honour of james wharram all wharram cat owners can sail up our creek at high… read more: hui wharram cornwall gathering 2023
pacific islander history monthby liz dal bon03/05/2023this month of may in america is ‘pacific islander history month’ and we at james wharram designs would like to join in and celebrate alongside them! as you may know, double canoes/catamarans are of ancient polynesian origin. the modern day catamaran is a direct descendent of these original ocean-going vessels. at wharram designs we have always been inspired by pacific sea culture and strive to bring these incredible boats and their innate design qualities to the forefront of the sailing world. our roots james wharram from a very young age would go to his local library in manchester to sit… read more: pacific islander history month
james wharram’s last rideby mike lynn20/07/2022a final farewell on 23 july, a motley fleet of self-built catamarans gathered off cornwall to give james and ruth wharram their final escort. it was a fitting farewell to a legend. in the late summer of 1955, walkers at falmouth’s customs house quay marvelled at a somewhat eccentric-looking, seven-metre short craft loaded with provisions for a long voyage by three young people: “a £200 boat prepares to cross the atlantic” reported the pathé news. the boat was called tangaroa, its builder and skipper was james wharram, the crew consisted of his two german friends jutta schulze-rhonhoff and ruth merseburger.… read more: james wharram’s last ride




join our mailing list
stay connected with the wharram world! be the first to hear about our latest updates, inspiring stories, and exclusive discounts on boat building plans. we promise to keep it light—just 3-4 emails a year, filled with only good stuff!








information

delivery and returns policy
privacy policy
about us
faq



contact

james wharram designs
    greenbank road
    devoran
    cornwall
    tr3 6pj
    united kingdom
tel: +44 (0)1872 864792
email: wharram@wharram.com
message us: contact form



social







© james wharram designs
home of the self-build catamaran






manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 






























 

×








