





dyingholepage


thanks 
  to perfect sin for this banner

  

 dying 

  my hole page
   i am so dumb,
just beam me up, i've had it all forever, i've had enough.

 
 

first it's love michelle harrison, then it's 
  courtney michelle harrison, then it's courtney michelle rodriquez, then it's 
  manely, then, finally, it's courtney love. 




you can't please everybody. i don't care if 
  i get criticised. i don't give a shit if i get a bad review. i don't care if 
  people say i'm a bitch or i'm obnoxious, 'cause i am.  courtney love


lyrics 
     pictures 
    
links 
    my 
    banners
      
      
      
     
 
  
update


01.24.01 
so much new pictures...

303 new pictures 
thanks to rosewater honeyblood; diva a courtney love page; perfect 
    sin; renee; and i will awake; one above & one below; barbie is not your 
    friend; don't blush when i rip you open; cry me a river; beautiful garbage; 
    vengeance is mine; laura haber; plastic perfection; brooks album cover & 
    gutless for somes news pictures. and somes too are from the 'angelic-stars' 
    list. 
more coming soon...
my 'links' page 
    are ready! 
i've made 
    a new page calling 'my banner'; if you want to link me!! 
    thanks to perfect sin for them.

01.31.01
101 new pictures
new in my 'links' page

02.22.01
133 new 
    pictures 
new in 'my banners' page. 
    
    thanks to 'darkened fairytales' for this new..
new in my 'links' page.

03.28.01
149 new pictures 
new in 'my banner' page. 
    
    thanks to perfect sin.
    i've made somes too. it's the first time for me, let me know what you think 
    about. 
    i've made somes clipart too, hope you'll love them.
new in 'links'. 
i've won an award.
    thanks to vengeance is mine.
i'm 
    so, so sorry, i got somes problem with my server!!! i can't send new pages!!! 
    i can't update anymore!!! so, for my paris '99 review & to continue this 
    one, i'll open another new web page. i'm so sorry, but i can't do anything 
    to change! i think free was inlimited, but no... i work on my new pages, i'll 
    let you know when it will be ready!! 
    sorry but continue to visit dying.

august 2001
    hey; i just wanted to let all know my new web page dyinglove, the 'dying continuation' 
    is ready now! click on the banner (thanks to april for made it) under to go 
    to; i hope you'll love it too:-) 
    & i'm so happy, i've won another award, thanks so much to oceans of angels.
    dyinglove




 
 
  
 
  


here 
    is the first award that i won!! 
    it is from 'perfect sin', she had make it only for me!! don't you find it 
    great??? 
    i'm really happy that all of you love my page!! 
    thank you very, very... much perfect sin!! 


hey, 
    i've won a second award!!!
    this one is from vengeance is mine. 
    i'm so happy you love my page, thank you so much! 
    thanks so, so much vengeance is mine.


hey, 
    i've won another award!!!!! 
    this one is from oceans of angels, i really love it; thanks so much! 
    i'm really happy you all love my page; thanks so much; that's so great;
    thank you very much oceans of angels, thanks.

 

 


hey all the hole/courtney love fans, 
i'm glad to present you my/our band like i love them and i hope 
  you'll like this web page... 
they are not really somes stuff, they only are the stuff that 
  i like so much... 
here is all the hole lyrics (it left somes rare songs, but...); 
  somes pictures (2282 pics 'til now), 'links' page (somes hole web site that 
  i really like); 'my banners' page (somes banner making by 'perfect sin', if 
  you want to link my page).
for my bootlegs, audios, videos live & compilations lists 
  (to anyone who want to trade), & 'comment on my trade' page; i've open an 
  other web page to : http://dyingtrade.ifrance.com (see banner at the end of 
  this page).
 
e-mail me to let me know what you think about to : northern.love@wanadoo.fr

thank you to visit this page....... 
dyinglove.
 
   
    

 
 

all i have to do is lick my finger, stick it 
  up in the air, and shit sticks to it. courtney love
 



i'm driven. i am. i'm driven, for some reason. 
  but i don't know where i'm going. 
courtney love
 


and i cry and no one can hear, inhale.

 

you know, hairy, maternal it menstruates, its 
  a mother, its ugly. i think the reason the media is so excited about it is because 
  its saying females are inept, females are naive, females are innocent, clumsy, 
  bratty... 
courtney love on riot grrrl
 


 

remember, if you write anything nasty about 
  me, i'll come round and blow up your toilet. 
courtney love
 



i can't believe that i could be happy, 
  summer will come again, i could be happy, oh, stop your crying, you could be 
  happy, i go to heaven when you make me happy.
    
       
   
    
here comes a kiss that i never had, nothing 
  feels like this, headed for heaven tonight, i love you.
i don't care if people think i'm exploiting 
  my child. she's the only successful thing i've done in my life. 
courtney love
 



thanks to visit my web page!!! 
    for comment: northern.love@wanadoo.fr 

you was 368 people to visit this page since november 2000 

"<"

">" "<"">" since january 24th, 2001

 

go 
  to my other hole page; dying trade


here 
  is my first 'clique' from 'the band with the most cake'


 


