




bands for hire, djs for hire - david greer music  david greer music




































































about
testimonials
artists
contact
 





where is your event?aucklandcentral otagochristchurchdunedinhamiltonhawkes bayinvercargilllower north islandmarlboroughnapier and environsnelson areanew plymouthpalmerston northqueenstownrotoruataupotaurangawairarapawanakawanganuiwellingtonwhangareiany style/genreasian actsbackground musicbig bandbluesbollywoodburlesquecelticchristmas actscircus/fringeclassicalcomiccommercial dance troupecountrycovers bandsdance bandsdjsdrag queenduoseastern europefolkfrenchgypsyharpistirishitalianjazzlatin/south americanmagicmcone man bandoriginal artistsrnb soul bandsrocksolo artistsstring quartetsswingtribute actwedding bands and djs 









time to party!
professional bands, djs and musicians for hire 














                                    parties
                                














                                    corporate events
                                














                                    christmas functions
                                














                                    weddings
                                






music genres:




cover bands





wedding bands and dj's





background music







solo artists





jazz





string quartet





we are proud to be associated with:

























		 			16 august 2018		 		

		 			british and irish lions tour		 		





dear david,

the lions tour has come to an end. ovation business theatre would like to thank you for your input and involvement during the tour. being the largest ever corporate hospitality event this country has ever seen, numerous suppliers were required.

we are proud of the team we had working on this event.

your contribution in sourcing, contracting and delivering top class bands during the tour was much appreciated. quite clearly this was the largest portion of the ‘show’ and ovation was very pleased to have you on board from the early stages to deliver and meet expected outcomes. your knowledge and contacts within the industry were invaluable during the operation.

we thank you for your professional working relationship and look forward to future events in which we may be able to work together.

yours sincerely,

 

stephen noble

executive show manager

british lions and irish nz rugby tour

					stephen noble				









                        read all the testimonials
                    







featured pages
my account
frequently asked questions
services
dj’s
awards ceremonies
ball
christmas functions
client functions
conferences
corporate
parties
weddings
work functions
genuine testimonials
new zealand entertainers association
giveaways
 

locations

wellingtonaucklandlower north islandwairarapachristchurchpalmerston northwanganuihamiltonnapier and environsdunedinnelson areahawkes baytaupotaurangacentral otagoqueenstown 


styles/genres

wedding bands and djscovers bandsdance bandsjazzsolo artistsbackground musicduosdjscircus/fringeclassicalswinglatin/south americanstring quartetscountryone man bandgypsy 



© 2025 david greer ltd all rights reserved.






































