




























rc car action - rc cars & trucks | news | traxxas horizon hobby tamiya and more








































































































 

 










subscribe button subscribe






 exclusive contentlogin

 



latest

featured
featured vehicles and reviews
test bench and howto
gearbox and pit tips
new vehicles & gear
shootouts & guides
industry q & a


readers rides

featured readers rides
latest readers rides
submit readers ride


videos

rc in action

arrma
losi
axial
pro-line
castle creations
rc everyday
ccxrc
rc review
exocaged rc
reefs rc
fms model
scale builder’s guild
gcmracing1
spektrum
hobbywing
tlr
horizon hobby
traxxas


rcca videos
your videos
content creators
view all


events

calendar of events
event coverage
rc track directory


getting started

your first rc vehicle
building tips
power systems
radio systems
rc basics
how to
pit tips
tech q&a


customer service

report an issue
digital + print
digital edition
gift subscription
digital edition login
membership
renew
customer service portal
faqs
help – contact us
free newsletter



 












gear guide 2025gear guide 2025gear guide 2025crawlers for  cause : october 2024crawlers for  cause : october 2024unstoppable basher : september 2024unstoppable basher : september 2024unstoppable basher : september 2024dessert pre-runnn : july 2024rcca-website-header-0724dessert pre-runnn : july 2024go big or go home: june 2024go big or go home: june 2024scorchin' hot : may 2024scorchin' hot : may 2024rc4wd miller motor sports : january 2024rc4wd miller motor sports : january 2024the ultimate cheater rig : october 2023the ultimate cheater rig : october 2023fms 1/10 toyota land cruiser fj40 rsfms 1/10 toyota land cruiser fj40 rsprimal rc 1/5 dodge challengerprimal rc 1/5 dodge challenger 
latest 


 


team associated rc8t4e team 1/8 4wd off-road electric truggy kit with upgraded gearbox
from team associated: 1:8 scale off road racing is one of the hobby’s most challenging disciplines; it requires a high standard and demands attention to detail. the latest development to come from associated electrics’ area 51 is designed to push boundaries of performance and build upon the number of accolades accumulated by the rc8 series. […] 




 


team associated rtr cr12 overtrail combo [video]
from team associated: the cr12 trail series scale 4×4 truck may be small in size, but is packed full of features. this rig comes ready-to-run with reedy power electronics and meets s.o.r.r.c.a. class 1 and 2 rules right out of the box. no need to prep or build your rig; just charge it and you’re […] 
 



 


#tbt the january 1991 issue included this review of the marui big bear datsun monster truck
#tbt the january 1991 issue of radio control car action magazine included this review of the marui big bear datsun monster truck. this 1/12 kit was manufactured & distributed by japanese hobby & airsoft gun manufacturer tokyo marui. originally sold only through mail orders this kit featured a plastic, tub-styled chassis, mabuchi m480-rs motor, a […] 




 


axial rtr axp8 gilamon 2.2 1/8 4wd brushed trail buggy [video]
from axial: the wait is over. with the axp8 gilamon 2.2 rtr, axial introduces the next level in rc rock crawling performance. it’s the most innovative and maneuverable rig you’ve ever seen. a true rock crawler, the gilamon isn’t made for overlanding or easy “sunday” drives. with its 2.2-inch wheel setup and new axp8 platform, […] 
 



 


serpent viper 990e evo 1/8 electric on-road car
from sanwa: the serpent viper 990e evo is the successor of the successful 990e. we have spent a lot of testing and research to improve the 990e. as in the 990 evo nitro car, we updated the front and rear arms and added the flex shock mounts which are working so well in the nitro […] 




 


xray xb8 ’25 1/8 nitro 4wd off-road buggy
from xray: xray xb8’25 all-new features new front and rear shock towers improve suspension geometry for reduced roll & increased corner speed new shorter front and rear shocks were updated to accommodate the new suspension geometry for reduced roll & increased corner speed split radio box ensures perfect left to right side flex that helps […] 
 



 


hitec db951wp high speed ultra torque metal gear waterproof servo
from hitec: featuring “no holds barred” design and construction, the db951wp boasts hardened steel gears, an ultra-efficient brushless motor, and a waterproof aluminum case, cnc-machined from solid billet stock. this powerhouse delivers an impressive 528 oz-in of torque with blistering speeds of 0.10 sec/60° @ 7.4 volts. its superior precision and durability make it the […] 




 


hobao hyper 10sc 2.0 short course truck
from hobao usa: the hyper sc 2.0 builds on the high-quality structural design of the tt2e, featuring newly designed steering knuckles and arms with larger pivot balls, providing sharper and more precise handling. the reinforced arm holder and steering rack offer enhanced durability, making these parts even stronger than those on the tt2e. features: all […] 
 



 


arrma rtr kraton 6s exb 1/8 4x4 brushless speed truck [video]
from arrma rc: arrma unveils the latest amped-up evolution of the kraton 6s exb 4x4 speed monster truck – now loaded with even more upgrades to make it the ultimate 1/8 scale basher! with these additions, the kraton 6s exb is more rugged and driver-friendly than ever before. with its ominous black paint scheme and […] 




 


#tbt the tamiya lunch box is reviewed in the pages of the february 1988 issue
#tbt the tamiya lunch box is reviewed in the pages of the february 1988 issue of rc car action magazine. who reading this rocked this monster van as one of their first rc vehicles? share a pic below if you still own one! also make sure to follow our instagram page (https://www.instagram.com/rccaraction) & to view […] 
 



 


hpi sport 3 drift nissan silvia s15 widebody aurimas ‘odi’ bakchis 4wd drift car
from hpi racing: sport 3 drift! aurimas “odi” bakchis with an all-new nissan silvia s15 widebody we’re excited to add another legendary team to our all-star drift lineup! the sport 3 drift range proudly welcomes the feal suspension race team. founded by aurimas “odi” bakchis, the ceo of feal suspension, odi began his professional drifting […] 




 


teaser: kyosho ultima rb7.5 1/10 2wd buggy kit [video]
from kyosho: at the recent nürnberg toy fair in germany kyosho had their upcoming ultima rb7.5 on display. below is a video they posted of it and here are some of the features of this new kit: aluminum front axles aluminum front bulkhead carbon fiber front and rear shock towers front shock tower protector 13mm […] 






featured video 





































massive monster: deboxing the huge, hefty, $2900 primal rc raminator gas truck






redcat gen8 axe edition getting some love at line creek






scale news update - brushless rock racer - episode 92











 do you have a video to share with rc car action? submit your video here.


 








 


don’t miss

this vintage rail brings blown-hemi heat
this 1/3 scale 125cc v10 buggy is crazy [video]
rc review: losi tenacity sct
 profile data







profile form
in an effort to better serve you, our reader, and ensure a rich and relevant experience please help us by completing this rc interest profile.







interest level
        *

  
 browsing
 
 interested
 
 own a vehicle



vehicle type
        *

  
 all
 
 on-road car
 
 rally car
 
 2wd buggy
 
 4wd buggy
 
 scale or trail truck
 
 stadium truck
 
 monster truck
 
 short-course truck



vehicle size
        *

  
 all
 
 mini
 
 1/12
 
 1/10
 
 1/8
 
 1/5



vehicle fuel
        *

  
 all
 
 gas
 
 nitro
 
 electric



skill level
        *

  
 beginner
 
 intermediate
 
 advanced
 
 pro



your email
        *




first name
        *




last name
        *








  
 i would like to subscribe to the rc car action newsletter





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



δ






 show ad



newsletter popup


stay up to date with the latest information, sign up for our free newsletter today.

email: 
first name: 
last name: 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 






subscribemembership site
digital + print edition
digital edition
gift subscription
renew
customer service portal
careerslooking for contributors
career opportunities
advertise with usmedia kit
follow us






 



about
newsletter sign up
help – contact us
media kit
privacy policy
terms of use
licensing and permission
 
air age media © 




 
 


                    membership login                

 





use the account number and zip code found on your mailing label or renewal form.





click here to login with email address







remember me


not a member? click here




 login








email or account number


click here to login with print subscription account number


password or zip code


show



remember me


not a member? click here






                            login                        










forgot your password?

 
 

lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.

email or username










                        reset password                    




back to login
 
close
 
 































 

we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. privacy policyok





