





























































privacy




















			

		
		
				this is the trace id: 3793f96738f65ffc4dd268a452c88c1c
				













 


skip to main content







microsoft



privacy




privacy




                            privacy
                        




 home 


privacy dashboard


privacy report


privacy settings


privacy statement


consumer health data privacy policy



more







 



 all microsoft


global


microsoft 365


teams


copilot


windows


surface


xbox


deals


small business


support




software
software


windows apps


ai


outlook


onedrive


microsoft teams


onenote


microsoft edge


skype




pcs & devices  
pcs & devices  


computers


shop xbox


accessories


vr & mixed reality


certified refurbished


trade-in for cash




entertainment
entertainment


xbox game pass ultimate


pc game pass


xbox games


pc and windows games


movies & tv




business
business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


dynamics 365


microsoft 365 for business


microsoft power platform


windows 365


microsoft industry


small business




developer & it  
developer & it  


azure


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


visual studio




other
other


microsoft rewards 


free downloads & security


education


gift cards


licensing


unlocked stories




view sitemap










search
search microsoft.com




 no results




cancel





























privacy at microsoft




        
  
    
		
			

			 your data is private at work, at home, and on the go 
  	
 	

  

    

























our commitment to privacy



 
                                
  
    
		
			

			 we ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we'll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that's consistent with the reasons you provided it. 
  	
 	

  

                            























                                
  
    
		
			

			 you control your information 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 we give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used. 
  	
 	

  

                            


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 your data is protected 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 we rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices. 
  	
 	

  

                            


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 you can expect privacy by design     
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 we design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy. 
  	
 	

  

                            


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 we stand up for your rights 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 we fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data. 
  	
 	

  

                            






















discover and control your data



 
                                
  
    
		
			

			 privacy is at the center of how we build the products and services that customers use every day. see privacy resources and controls below where you can manage your data and how it is used.  
  	
 	

  

                            




















                                
  
    
		
			

			 visit your privacy dashboard 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 the privacy dashboard is where you can manage your privacy settings and manage your data for your microsoft account. 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 go to your privacy dashboard 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 account check-up 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 the account check-up wizard is a tool where you can review your account safety settings to strengthen your online security. 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 do an account check-up 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 find your privacy controls 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 learn how to find your privacy settings and other related information in microsoft products and services.  
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 see more privacy controls 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


























        
  
    
		
			

			 data protection for your business 
  	
 	

  

    

            
                
  
    
		
			

			 for enterprise and business customers, it admins, or anyone using microsoft products at work, visit the microsoft trust center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services. 
  	
 	

  

            
            
        


            
                
  
    
		
			

			 microsoft trust center 
  	
 	

  

            
            
        




















learn more about privacy at microsoft



 
                                
  
    
		
			

			 learn more about privacy at microsoft and how we put our privacy principles into practice in the following links and resources. 
  	
 	

  

                            






 
privacy statement
your privacy is important to us. the privacy statement explains the personal data microsoft processes, how microsoft processes it, and for what purposes. 
 
privacy for young people
privacy for young people is a page where young users can learn about and understand microsoft's privacy practices and how to use our products in a way that protects their privacy. this page also highlights topics that may be helpful for parents and guardians. 
 
privacy report
the privacy report includes new developments in privacy at microsoft. find the latest information on what personal data we collect, how it may be used, and how you can manage and control your data.
 
privacy frequently asked questions
do you have a question about microsoft privacy? we explain how customers can export or delete personal data and more in the privacy faqs. 
 
microsoft corporate social responsibility
learn more about how microsoft approaches building a more inclusive, equitable, sustainable, and trusted future for everyone, and how technology can and must benefit the future of humanity and our planet. 
 
u.s. state data privacy notice
if you are in the u.s, please see our u.s state data privacy notice.















what's new?



 
                                
  
    
		
			

			 check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work. 
  	
 	

  

                            




















                                
  
    
		
			

			 gdpr and generative ai - a guide for the public sector 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 this whitepaper offers practical support for public sector organizations as they consider generative ai services such as copilot for microsoft 365 and azure openai service. discover how public sector organizations can harness the power of generative ai while complying with their obligations under the general data protection regulation (gdpr). 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 read more 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers in the ai era 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 learn more about microsoft’s commitment to protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers and how our approach to ai is built on a foundation of privacy across all our ai products and solutions. 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 read more 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 enhancing trust and protecting privacy in the ai era 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 discover how microsoft’s privacy commitments apply to ai and how microsoft empowers customers to use new ai technologies while advancing trust and protecting privacy. 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 read more 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             


















                                
  
    
		
			

			 microsoft cloud enables customers to keep personal data within the european data boundary 
  	
 	

  

                            

                                
  
    
		
			

			 microsoft’s eu data boundary enables customers to store and process their data within the eu. read about the latest enhancements and new features building on prior progress. 
  	
 	

  

                            




            
            
                
  
    
		
			

			 read more 
  	
 	

  

            
            
             






















contact our team



 
                                
  
    
		
			

			 if you have a privacy concern, request or question, please contact us





















what's new


surface pro


surface laptop


surface laptop studio 2


surface laptop go 3


microsoft copilot


ai in windows


explore microsoft products


windows 11 apps




microsoft store


account profile


download center


microsoft store support


returns


order tracking


certified refurbished


microsoft store promise


flexible payments




education


microsoft in education


devices for education


microsoft teams for education


microsoft 365 education


how to buy for your school


educator training and development


deals for students and parents


azure for students






business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


dynamics 365


microsoft 365


microsoft power platform


microsoft teams


microsoft 365 copilot


small business




developer & it


azure


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


visual studio




company


careers


about microsoft


company news


privacy at microsoft


investors


diversity and inclusion


accessibility


sustainability








your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices




your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices



consumer health privacy




sitemap


contact microsoft


privacy 


manage cookies


terms of use


trademarks


safety & eco


recycling


about our ads

© microsoft 2025





























