





























































	township of brock
















close alert banner












close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.












skip to content












township of brock
















a-z servicesaccessibilitycareersreport an issuecontact us
















i want to...



resident servicesabout brock townshipanimal servicesbuilding and renovatingcemeteriespublic engagementcity servicescommunity groups and clubscommunity services and supportemergency servicesevent calendarfederal & provincial governmentgarbage and recyclinginsurance claimslibrariesproperty taxesroads and parkingregional roadsschoolstransportation and transitview more...recreation and eventsarts and culturecommunity groups and clubsevent calendarfacilities and rentalslibrariesparks and trailsrecreation programssports fieldssports hall of fametourismvolunteerwaterfrontbuilding and business developmentbuilding and renovatingbuilding permitsbusiness licences and permitsbusiness toolkitcommittee of adjustmentconstruction updatesplanning and developmentzoningmunicipal officea-z servicesaccessibilityapplications, licences and permitsbids and tendersbudget and financial statementsby-laws and policiescareerscommissioner of oathscommittees and boardscontact usdepartmentselectionsmayor and councilnews and noticesplans, reports and studiesreport a concerni want to...














      i want to...
    


apply and registername and address changebids and tendersbuilding permitsget involvedcommunity groups and clubsmayor and councilvolunteerpaydog licencesfacilities and rentalsparking






township of brock home










previous banner
next banner



search
















agendas, minutes and livestreamapplications, licences & permitsbuilding and renovatingmayor and councilby-laws and policiesproperty taxrecreation programmingcontact us








news and notices


loading news feed...






facebook











read moresign up for our newsletterread morecurrent burn statusread morereport an issueread morecommunity events calendar




march break camp!march break camp registration is now open! sign up today before spaces fill up!
 sunderland memorial arena projectthe township of brock is paving the way with the expansion and renovation of the sunderland memorial arena located at 20 park street, sunderland. 
the sunderland memorial arena project is aimed at meeting the needs for the residents of brock - for today and tomorrow. 
















© 2020 township of brock
|
designed by esolutionsgroup


















aboutresident servicesrecreation and eventsbuilding and business developmentmunicipal office



resourcesa-z servicesaccessibilityfreedom of informationprivacy policyterms of usesitemapwebsite feedbackcontact us





contact
township of brock
1 cameron street east
po box 10
cannington on l0e 1e0
phone: 705-432-2355
toll-free phone: 1-866-223-7668
email us


































