



word gamer's paradise!






contents


events
helpers
games
other sites
stores









january 1, 2000: one of the original purposes of this site was to promote my word games. sales weren't great (i liquidated), but i decided to maintain the rest of content. i hope you enjoy it. dave friedman





word game events

american crossword puzzle tournament
annually in march, stamford, connecticut
prizes are awarded in more than 20 categories.

madison wordplayers
twice a month, madison, wisconsin
all skill levels welcome for evenings of scrabble, taboo, and other word games.

mind sports olympiad
annually in august, london, england
includes competitions for many different "thinking" games.

origins international game expo & fair
annually in june/july, columbus, ohio
hundreds of events for games of all types. kids and families are welcome.

wonderful world of words
annually in november, new paltz, new york
speakers, games, food, and fun.




word game helpers

anagram solver
the anagram solver lets you enter scrambled letters and it returns the unscrambled word.

unscramblerer's crossword solver & wordplays' crossword solver
enter partial words and get a list of potential answers. these sites also have helpers for other word games.

word tips
word tips has an assortment of word finders and other helpful word-related resources. thanks to daisy for the link!
merriam-webster dictionary & thesaurus
simple online searches.

onelook dictionaries
onelook dictionaries offer a quick way to search through more than 185 dictionaries, some quite specialized -- science, sports, business, religion.

itools
research-it provides an easy-to-use interface for lots of resources on the web. they include: a rhyming dictionary, language translators, a language identifier, and many other useful tools.

rhyming dictionary
in addition to finding words that rhyme with whatever you submit, the rhyming dictionary has other options including homophones -- words that sound that same, but are spelled differently.

wordnet
to describe wordnet simply as a thesaurus, isn't entirely accurate. but that's the best i can do. check it out and you'll see the wealth of information it provides about any word you enter.




online games

20 questions
the classic game of 20 questions, where you think of something and the program behind the website guesses what it is. uses artifical intelligence to get surprisingly good results.

beat the dictionary
beat the dictionary is random house's version of hangman.

mysterynet
daily and monthly mysteries.

funster
what's in a name is a great fast-paced game where players compete against others over the internet. the object is to find new words from the letters in the name of a celebrity. new games start every few minutes.

grok
a fun daily puzzle that presents different subjects that relate to each other in some way.

hoadworks games
more than a dozen different styles of word games.

merriam-webster's word puzzles
there are five types of puzzles to play. with a large archive and a new puzzle each day, you can spend a lot of time here.

puzzability
puzzability is really a company that creates all types of custom puzzles for web sites, cd-roms, ads, and pretty much anything else you can think of. they're listed here because they've included a generous supply of fun sample puzzles to try out. they also have a trivia section (updated daily), which includes a hall of fame! (and it doesn't hurt that their web site is very cool.)

rec.puzzles archive
the rec.puzzles archive contains lots of puzzles compiled from the rec.puzzles newsgroup and has them categorized by type. solutions to all puzzles are included.

story fun
story fun selects a random story and you fill in some of the nouns, verbs, and adjectives to make it more entertaining -- similar to mad libs.

word scramble
word scramble is a variation of boggle.




other sites of interest

alt.usage.english faq
the alt.usage.english faq is a comprehensive document all about the english language.

amanda's mnemonics page
amanda's mnemonics page lists lots of helpful ways to remember lots of different things. for example, the word "homes" might help you remember that the five great lakes are huron, ontario, michigan, erie, and superior.

andy's anagram solver
andy's anagram solver instantly finds anagrams for words and phrases you enter. you can also tell it how many words to limit its answers to.

bartlett's familiar quotations
this is the 1901 version of bartlett's familiar quotations. it lets you search for quotations by topic or author.

collection of word oddities
this collection includes lots of interesting bits of word trivia, such as a list of words with double us (like vacuum and continuum).

common errors in english
a great collection of errors in english, as well as correct usages that many people insist are wrong.

elements of style
this is the 1918 edition version of the elements of style, by william strunk. it covers rules of usage and composition most commonly violated in the english language.

the game report
the game report is a quarterly publication dedicated to board games, party games, dice games, card games, family games, and strategy games. many past articles and reviews are included on their web site.

the heteronym page
the heteronym page lists words that are spelled the same but have different meanings and pronunciations, such as "close" and "produce."

inversions
an inversion is a word written so it reads in more than one way. some inversions read upside down, some flip in a mirror. scott kim, creator of the silicon graphics logo (among many other things), has an impressive gallery of inversions.

language museum
word lists and other interesting uses of the english language.

mag's word finder
mag's word finder lists all the possible words that can be formed from the letters in a word or phrase you enter.

megalist of word links
just what the name says.

national puzzlers' league
the national puzzlers' league was established in 1883, and has been active ever since. they have a monthly newsletter with lots of puzzles (various types and degrees of difficulty). they also have a convention each summer, with lots of games, puzzles, and comradeship. information about the group, and sample puzzles are available on their site.

phonespell
phonespell searches a dictionary to translate phone numbers into words and phrases.

scrabble faq
the scrabble faq includes information about the game and tournaments held around the world.

spelling test
quiz yourself with this list of 50 commonly misspelled words. afterwards, check out the tips to help improve your spelling.

things useful to the educated reader
word lists and other helpful information.

word safari
word safari is a vocabulary guessing game.

writings of a crossword enthusiast
this site covers nearly every conceivable aspect of crossword puzzles.




game stores

extravagameza
jeff lowe's extravagameza deals exclusively in used and collectible games.

funagain games
funagain games features over 1,000 titles, including many hard-to-find and out-of-print games. their "recycled" games have an "all parts included" guarantee.

game gallery
the game gallery is an online game store. they also have retail shops throughout california.


site established 6-mar-96 - last updated 26-nov-20
copyright © 1996-2005 dave friedman
dave@fun2play.com
7106 fortune drive, #15, middleton, wi 53562
608-301-5602

you are visitor number 1120125.



