



deobiosciences - home



























































































until cancer is cured, let's be open to all ideas




explore hiring opportunities










connect with us


























































who




revolutionaries





our definition: "radical visionaries who take action." aka "deobiosciences, inc." (dbs) we are a prerevenue-stage, virtual biotech company, developing a potential treatment for multiple types of cancer in humans and animals. 























































what




ending fear…





fear of finding a lump. a new mole. a nagging cough. the colonoscopy results. of what it may mean. for your life. for their life. for your finances. for your hopes. for your future. making these fears a thing of the past. that’s what we’re about. ​  























































when 




soon. like now.





we're now aiming to finish our next major milestone within 12 months of the launch date of the work. those results will determine how fast things move thereafter.























































where




ithaca





new york, not greece. specifically, a lab at cornell university is where we launched our work. our current office is in suburban atlanta, ga. but our virtual biotech biz model requires us to partner around the country, and even the world.









































































this may be earth'smost powerful anti-cancer compound


























































and how.




dbx-31





the pretty blue and white “thing” above is an electron micrograph of fragmented cellular dna and apoptotic bodies (i.e. it’s very dead) of metastatic lung cancer via a tunel fluorescence assay.this is only one example of the many different advanced stage cancer typesthat we can kill without harming normal cells.in fact, we’ve confirmed that dbx-31 is more effective at killing advanced stage cancer cellsthan one of the world’s most lethal bioweapons, yet targets cancer cells exclusively,with more precision than a laser-guided missile.lies? hype? nope. just the power of serendipity and audacious thinking.























































         science + vision + serendipity = breakthrough































































while our potential is exciting, more work needs to be done . the next phase is critically important.












































































the best technologies and resources will be used to validate and advance  the next phases of r&d. 








































"we can't promise a cure to  cancer. but we can promise that we will bring the most innovative and determined minds to the fight."








































research  conducted at and reviewed by some of america's top scientists at  cornell university. 








































"we can't promise a cure to  cancer. but we can promise that we will bring the most innovative and determined minds to the fight."


























































we’re a proudly diverse american team developing a molecule
with amazing properties… at one of the world’s best universities.




shouldn’t cancer r&d be a meritocracy where the best ideas get support based on results and potential? 





































































































































if it there's a fair chance to revolutionize the treatment & economics of cancer,
wouldn’t it be a crime against humanity not to eagerly pursue it?





although currently a small firm, we are hopeful, yet realistic, about what we're trying to accomplish. we are pursuing viable and transformative research in a vital area of global health. given what we’ve accomplished so far, it would be immoral not to see it through.



























































follow us on the path ahead...





the potential benefits from dbx-31 for people and pets are enormous. but we’ve still got a few hurdles to overcome. if you want to keep abreast of our progress, feel free to let us know below. we’ll share major milestones and plans, where we can. no spam. no email marketing. no weekly newsletter.



























































sec / corporate downloads






2021 annual report filings under sec reg. cf



















































drop us a line.




mailing address:              4045 five forks trickum rd.suite b-8/243lilburn, georgia 30047

























send >











































science + vision + serendipity




























follow deobiosciences














































