



the truth in love home page









truth in love    











menu
home
bible study topics
questions for fellowship
messages
casting out demons
articles
image bank
multilingual articles
keys of the kingdom
overview of site
contents
about this site
links
what should i do?





when jesus comes again





second coming of christ
 
jesus will come a second time when the seventh trumpet sounds at a time know only to the father.
true christians (wheat) will be raptured to be with christ while false christians (weeds) will go to hell.
the nations, who are left behind, will be separated into the sheep (who were kind to god's people) 
and the goats (who persecuted god's people). 
the goats will go to hell while the sheep will get the inheritance that was prepared for them before the creation of the world.
the millennium will begin with the true believers in heaven with christ and the false believers in hell. 
earth will be repopulated by a select 144000 jews who have been set aside and protected during the great tribulation.
a remnant of the nations that survive armageddon (most likely chosen from the sheep nations) will also inhabit the earth
outnumbering the jews ten to one.
 
 
 
after the millennium is over





the new jerusalem descending from heaven
 
the church will be with christ in heaven during the millennium
at the end of the millennium, the new jerusalem will descend from heaven like a bride, beautifully adorned for her husband.
the new jerusalem is made up of all true believers (wheat) in both the old and the new testament times.
the twelve foundations symbolize the new testament believers and the twelve gates symbolize the old testament believers.
the new jerusalem descends to a new earth where it will be surrounded by the new nations 
these nations  are in the book of life and escape the lake of fire when they appear before the great white throne
they are most likely the sheep nations who were kind to god's people and rejected the mark of the beast
 
 
 
 





pagans judged at the great white throne
 
at the end of the millennium, the dead outside of christ (pagans) will be judged at the great white throne.
the dead in hades and the sea will be resurrected to stand before the great white throne.
this is the second resurrection or the pagan resurrection.
the first resurrection took place at the start of the millennium and was for dead true believers who were resurrected
 to be with christ (and shortly to be joined by the living believers who are also raptured at the seventh trumpet).
the first resurrection is for believers while the second resurrection is for pagans.
pagans are judged at the great white throne at the end of the millennium.
pagans who were kind to god's people and did not accept the mark of the beast will most likely be in the 
lamb's book of life and will escape the lake of fire. 
 they are destined to become the nations on earth in eternity.
the vile and the cowardly who accepted the mark of the beast and persecuted god's people will not be
in the lamb's book of life and will be thrown into the lake of fire for all eternity.
 
 
 
 
 

the millennium follows the second coming of christ
 
 
a schematic diagram illustrating who will be on earth, in heaven and in hell 
now, during the great tribulation, during the millennium and in eternity
from now until the end of the great tribulation, believers who die will go to heaven to be with christ
everybody else (who are not born again) will go to hell when they die.
when christ comes, the true believers go to be with christ while false christians will go to hell.
this will take place in the twinking of an eye.
there will be a period of about 75 days (30+45) where god pours out his wrath on those who are left behind.
the nations who were left behind will be separated into the sheep and the goats.
the goats will go to hell while the sheep will help repopulate the earth along with the 
144000 jews who were set aside for this purpose
during the millennium, the true believers (wheat) will be in heaven with christ, a select group of jews and pagans
 will be on earth and the vile who persecuted the church will be in hell along with false christians. 
sheep nations who died before the second comming will also be in hell during the millennium.
at the end of the millennium, the new jerusalem composed of true believers in old and new testament times
 will descend from heaven to a new earth where it will remain for eternity
nations whose names are in the lamb's book of life will surround the new jerusalem
the vile and cowardly who persecuted the church and received the mark of the beast will spend eternity in the lake of fire
 
 
 

judgment of christians and the nations
 
the wheat are the true believers in old and new testament times
the weeds are those who claim to be believers but are not
the sheep are those who are not believers but help god's people and do not worship the beast
the goats are those who persecute god's people and accept the mark of the beast
 
 
 

where will you spend eternity
 
true believers (wheat) are holy: sanctified by god. 
they believe and confess that jesus is lord, the son of god, even part of the trinity
false christians (weeds) , those who profess to be christians but are not, believe that jesus was a real person but not god and never rose from the dead - they believe he was mad - giving us a licence to sin. they are wrong.
those who reject the gospel but have good values and believe jesus was a good person (sheep) are right in a sense.
they  live harmoniously with the true believers and refuse to worship the beast and receive his mark
vile non believers who believe jesus is bad (goats), worship the beast and take his mark.
they persecute the true believers.
 
 
 
 
 



the truth in love    



home
bible study topics
messages
articles
casting out demons
multilingual articles
keys of the kingdom
overview of site
contents
about
what should i do?



 




