








pure herbal remedies...regenerative and completely natural medicine









































































 











  

                                       



  

search







  herbal remedies
products

digestive range
glandular range
kiddies range
wonder herb range
herb powder range
flu range


retail outlets

become a retail outlet
retail outlets


faq’s
contact us
checkout
agents

become a retail outlet
become a practitioner agent
marketing plan
product training videos


   



pure herbal remedies

products




regenerative and completely pure herbal remedies that treat the causes, not just the symptoms

we are the experts in herbal remedies!for over 20 years we have been the leading herbal digestive range and offer 6 fantastic digestive remedies to suite your very specific needs. there are so many things that can go wrong with the digestive system, how can one possibly only have one remedy for all of them?we also offer a glandular range, kiddies range and wonder herbs range. why do our herbal remedies work so well?our herbal remdies are all formulated by a master herbalist who is accredited in traditional chinese and western herbal medicine. he combined the ancient knowledge of the east with the evidence based knowledge of the west. the western approach brings scientific understanding into the equation and the eastern approach brings energies and relationships between organs into the picture. this makes our amazing herbal formulas very unique and highly successful. 

digestive rangeour digestive range covers a wide range of digestive disorders that the avergae digestive supplements support but do not cure.

read more




kiddies rangeour kiddies range is completely natural and safe for kids of all ages. they contain no sugars, colourants, flavourants or preservatives.

read more




glandular rangeour glandular range includes herbs which are also useful to other parts of the body affected by that gland not working properly

read more




wonder herbsour new wonder herbs range are all individual herbs that have been well known for their amazing medicinal properties            

read more






why do our remedies work so well?our remedies combine ancient traditional chinese eastern medicine and evidence based western natural medicine. this makes our formulas very unique and highly successful!




maximum effectivenessour products are maximum strength. this means that the maximum possible amount of herbs is in each remedy. we do not use fillers, anti-cakeing agents or binders.




why do you need a regenenerative solution?most products treat only the symptoms, not the cause. this means that you need to keep taking the product indefinitely whilst never healing properly.




what makes our products unique?our products are purely herbal and 100% pure. no probiotics, vitamins, minerals, fibers, nutraceuticals or any other not-nutritive ingredients are used.














 
















































































