






della lamb -della lamb inspiring a kinder kansas city 

















































































+1-816-842-8040let's connectdonate
volunteer
early education
refugee services
youth services


+1-816-842-8040let's connect




 
about

our history
the della blog
our team
careers


support

stand with refugees
donate
donate items
matching gifts
volunteer
group volunteering


early education

for parents


refugee services

stand with refugees
for refugees/immigrants


youth services

basketball
track & field


contact us
donatevolunteer 


 







take action.
stand with refugees. 
							della lamb's refugee services program has been given a stop-work order by the federal government. 

we refuse to turn our backs on the refugees in our community. but we can’t do this alone. help us stand in the gap. help us show our new neighbors that they are worth it. 
							donate today 
							 



join us as we shine light on the incredible people we serve on february 28, 2025. 
							secure your tickets today! 
							 


 


donate 
							addressing kansas city's early education needs for 125 years. 
							

 


refugees
welcome. 
							 







kinder kansas cityearly childhood educationpreparing our city's littlest learnersrefugee serviceswelcoming our new neighborssocial serviceslending a hand to those in needyouth servicespositively impact kc's youthour missiondella lamb community services exists to empower its clients to meet the challenges of education, employment, and self-sufficiency in an ever-changing world. we served more than 2,400 people in 2023!more than two thousand individuals were served across all programs, with many taking part in numerous programs creating a true wraparound approach to client care.
read our impact reportswe dream of a  kinder kansas cityour city is known for its midwest charm.let’s make sure all who come here feel welcomed.
welcome and assist refugees from across the globeeducate and empower our littlest learners in a childcare desert.impact our city's youth - the future movers and shakers.support families in need on their way to self-sufficiencyvolunteerjoin the della lamb flock!subscribe to our emails and add impact to your inbox.






												first name											







												email address											











 join the flock! 





 
menu 

about us
careers
donate
contact us
receive our emails





												first name											







												email address											











 subscribe 





our mission della lamb community services exists to empower its clients to meet the challenges of education, employment, and self-sufficiency in an ever-changing world. our vision is that every individual will be nourished, educated, and supported in an atmosphere of love and respect to permit them to achieve their full potential.
500 woodland ave.
kansas city, mo 64106
p: 1.816.842.8040
e: help@dellalamb.org






© copyright 2024. della lamb community services. all rights reserved.



















