






get bullish | aggressive lady advice - getbullish shop | blog | community













































































 






skip to content





feminism • career and business badassery • philosophy for better living • the opposite of celeb news and astrology • also somehow a store • a determined refusal to cede the public square


facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
tumbler
tiktok










getbullish shop | blog | community




menu					 
close					 


home
shop
about
blog
partners + contact
 


search for:


🔍




















welcome to the raddestfeminist inspired blog and gift shop
plus community, how-to’s and more
shop now








dive into the world of getbullish



shop for
amazing goodies



kind of need some
advice



let's read some
essays



let's be
email friends











our favorite products
shop the store







new on  the blog





how to make progress when you’re just a dried-out husk of a person
do you feel like you are kind of a crusty old shell of something that used to be a fun and cool person? like a sea urchin someone removed from
read the blog





20+ cozy winter gifts for her – robes, slippers, and throw blankets lookbook
cozy gifts are classics for a reason – there's nothing like slipping into a new robe on christmas morning, or spending the holiday in new fuzzy slippers. here at fempowergifts
read the blog





50+ stylish cat lover gifts: 2024 holidays gift guide lookbook
if you want to give a special gift to a human who loves cats, we'd be pleased to suggest more than fifty gift ideas that are stylish, affordable (nearly everything
read the blog





laugh-out-loud moments: 21 hilarious white elephant gift ideas for 2024
updated for holidays 2024: welcome to a world where laughter takes center stage and gift-giving becomes an uproarious affair! in our latest guide to white elephant" we're diving headfirst into
read the blog






read more about




how to


essays


gift guides









get the getbullish bulletin

		           	getbullish is a community, a blog, and a shop – and what they have in common is babes who take no bull. join us for new articles, courses and events, and exclusive store discounts.		           

 
































about getbullish

		 			 		   jen founded getbullish as an advice column in 2010 after penning some notes on a napkin for a book called “how to make money without becoming a republican.” she has since spoken at harvard, yale, mit, barnard, jp morgan, and many others about designing your own career, multiple income streams, networking without being fake, and combating sexism in the workplace and every day. she runs getbullish from a glam office/warehouse in brooklyn. her last name is pronounced “di-zura.”		 			 		 




			    	      as a speaker, she’s warm, engaging, and funny. she’s got an olympian amount of energy, and she always leaves the audience with practical, appealing tips for taking action.			    	       -meg ahern


			    	      jennifer is funny and engaging, and provides useful information and techniques you can implement immediately. she has a knack for taking complicated concepts and explaining them in a way that’s accessible.			    	       -lindsay lavine


			    	      i am grateful to the beautiful brains of jen dziura who had the ballsy idea for the bullish conference, and the gumption to follow through on that ballsy idea.			    	       -jamie lee








tiktok

  @getbullish i keep putting words on things, somebody stop me  #maker #smallbusiness #makersgonnamake #getbullish #getbullishshop #ravenailz #keychains #patriarchy #feminist  ♬ original sound - getbullish   

  @getbullish love those synthwave vibes  #90s #80s #70s #1900s #enamelpin #enamelpinshop #old  ♬ original sound - getbullish   




instagram





you like delightful objects, we got delightful obj


 





meme drop, babes


 





finally back in stock after we sold out during the


 





if we were going out of business, we'd have a sale






it's just rude for them to do this on mlk day






drowning our sorrows.

#getbullish #inauguration






enjoy this parade of our favorite original sweatsh


 





january effing 6th meme drop, babes


 





our new bestseller. so practical.






if we invent warp drive in the next 25 days, the v


 





meme dump! 2025 edition 🎉😬


 





our ambadassador @aubreybridge is here with her la
 


 





 follow on instagram






















if you’re interested in career and biz badassery + feminism, then this site is for you.



facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
tumbler
tiktok




informationcommunity
conference
blog
faq’s
 

policiescompany overview
shipping policy
terms & conditions
return & exchange policy
 








 ©2025, getbullish shop | blog | community








 































