




damascus lions




















































 skip to main content skip to secondary menu skip to primary sidebardamascus lionsservices

vision
hearing
blood drives
medical equipment loans
scholarships
highway clean up
view more services


fundraisers

white cane days
pancake breakfast
ice cream dipping
golf tournament
view all fundraisers


news

newsletters
facebook
photo gallery


about

about us
join us
10 reasons to serve
members


faq
contact

medical equipment
scholarships
blood drives
pancake breakfasts
main contentwelcome to the damascus lions club

the damascus lions club, a local organization founded in 1946, is one of over 46,000 lions clubs worldwide. you will find the damascus lions working in the community in many capacities. perhaps they will be at the senior center, volunteering at the community fair or cleaning up the highways. they assist youth with scholarships for higher education and sponsorships in the recreation area. damascus lions also have a medical loan closet to meet community medical equipment needs and conduct blood drives to complement the blood banks. the lions motto is “we serve”
sight and hearing are our focus. we are fortunate to have johns hopkins close by who are known as the best in the country for eye and ear situations. the damascus lions perform preschool vision screening in the community as well as adult sight and hearing assessments and glaucoma testing.
lions international recently celebrated 90 years of service and is the largest service organization worldwide with 1.4 million members in over 300 countries and geographic areas working together to their community and worldwide needs.
the lions international sightfirst ii project’s goal is to eradicate river blindness and prevent blindness throughout the world.
to find out more about the damascus lions and their community involvement, contact us.

recent posts
lion’s tale newsletter february 20252025 damascus lions scholarships for area students application deadline april 10, 2025vernon simpson scholarship application downloadable pdf michael thornett achievement scholarship application downloadable pdf
holiday giving project 20242024 holiday gift giving project! the damascus lions along with many partners in service helped make the holidays memorable for 35 appreciative families with 109 children! food was collected by damascus and clarksburg schools, the tradesmen motorcycle club held a toy drive and assisted with deliveries, lions did lots of discounted shopping at kohl’s and […]

primary sidebarsearch the site ...
events
mar 15 -  pancake breakfast saturday march 15, 2025 7am-11am damascus united methodist church may 03 -  8th annual damascus shred fest sponsored by damascus lions and wesbanco 

recent posts


lion’s tale newsletter february 2025


2025 damascus lions scholarships for area students application deadline april 10, 2025


holiday giving project 2024


lion’s tale newsletter january 2025


lion’s tale newsletter december 2024



wordpress · log in






