






 


computer repair service, software service, network service,data backup and recovery – computer repair service, software service, network service,data backup and recovery
 


















































































skip to content



  


computer repair service, software service, network service,data backup and recovery
computer repair service, software service, network service,data backup and recovery
 
home solutions service web/reference summer camp video demos news promotion contact download career about us 
 
search:


 





home solutions service web/reference summer camp video demos news promotion contact download career about us 






 






 


 

 

more 

power 

more 

flexibility 

welcome to itc consulting"one stop shopping" 

for state of the art e-commercenetworking,consulting and training solution. 

 

 

 

 

 


 









welcome to itc consulting!


itc providing you with efficient, reliable and cost effective solutions to meet all your it needs is our goal. we provide experienced and professional consultants on the cutting edge of today’s it field.  itc gives you solutions that enable you to capitalize on e-commerce and optimize your web site. itc. also designs and fine tunes high-performance databases.
itc trains your company’s it staff. itc’s consulting and software development services, comprehensive erp (enterprise resources planning) / sap services, asp (internet), and customized corporate it training make the company a true, one-stop information technology solutions provider. by outsourcing your it requirements to itc., you can reduce and control operating costs with prices that will earn you some decent savings. get your solutions developed and implemented in a fraction of the time with itc’s rapid application development strategies.   with itc, your company can focus on its core competencies.
gain as computer related service, we specified at:

network configuration & hard drive recovery
network wiring, remove and new network installation
laptop & pc computer repair
pos retailer systems and solutions,
software upgrades & virus/spyware removal
web design & e-commerce solutions
data protection & data recovery, backup
training & tutoring.



our mission


itc’s mission is to empower organizations by working with them to meet their it needs efficiently and cost-effectively. to this end, itc will work harmoniously with clients to diligently match their technical requirements with the right staff and services.


learn more


master chef pos the best next generation pos system    


master beauty it’s time for you to take control of your salon business.    


master laundry master laundry has been specifically created to help managers maintain a firm control over cash inflows and outflows    


master merchant mastermerchant is the complete retail management solution for your business.    


web design golden web design.silver web design.bronze web design    


mobile apps ideal for full service restaurant、buffet、beverage/dessert    our services


itc’s consulting services can help your business maximize the benefits of today’s advanced technologies. our consultants work with you to: analyze and address your it needs, design and implement any applications software, fine-tune and maintain your network databases, develop and execute your internet development strategies


make an ordermasterchef posvisitposoutletsvisittrainingvisitour clients


master chef pos clients includes buffet,full service restaurant,hop pot,quick service,sushi or hibachi


become our clientthe buffetroyal potszechwan chinese kitchenchow’s asia bistroluigi’s pizza














						©copyright 2018 itc inc | all rights reserved | powered by itc | privacy policy | service agreement


home solutions service web/reference summer camp video demos news promotion contact download career about us navigation





go to top






translate » 
















































