


alpine magnum portable stump grinders and trenchers












 




alpine machine
          phone : (360) 357-5116



 please note

			  we require a $1000 deposit with each stump grinder order. this deposit is not refundable if you cancel your order.



 


compare with 
                the competition.
will they buy their machine back after you have
                used it for several months or years? we have a buy back program for machines in good working order!  call for
                details.  



alpine
      stump grinders - brush cutters - trenchers 








our
        portable stump
        cutter will match grinding 
        speeds 
        of the 
        larger models 
at around 1/3 of
        the cost.
you can now order replacement parts for your alpine stump grinder 
	  through our on-line store

we also offer replacement wheels and teeth for big grinders featuring lower cost, higher durability and less maintenance.

click here for more on our rhino replacement wheels.

our
        portable stump
        cutter can:


cut a 12" stump in under
                8 minutes and a 24" stump in less than 20.


digs trenches
                  and holes.


clears brush. 


prunes and removes
                roots.


special designed
            cutter teeth reduces risk of kick-back 


low initial
                outlay, running costs and maintenance.


can be carried
                almost anywhere. 


will
                grind to 20" or more below ground level.


can be used
                in confined spaces, between slabs etc.

 grind
                out stumps that most other people can't even get to! why
                      should you buy our alpine stump grinder? 
click here to find out.  
 alpine
            magnum stump grinder - at 88 pounds it's lightweight, portable design
            cuts stumps, prunes roots, digs trenches and clears brush without
        the need for a trailer to haul it at 1/3 the price.


we
                          sell our alpine stump grinder world wide. 
                        to
                      find a dealer in your area - click
                      here


the alpine magnum
            is perfect for any stump-grinding application, which makes it ideal
            for the small-business owner. time is money--and this highly portable
            stump grinder allows you to get in and out with maximum ease. out
            stump grinder excels at even the largest of stumps, and due to its
            slim profile, you can grind those stumps even if rocks and debris
            surround them.
our
              customers  typically earn between $100 and $150 per hour grinding
              stumps with the  magnum, and the income is year-round. because
            the magnum doesn't require a trailer for transport, and because it
            only weighs 88 lbs, you have year round accessibility to job sites
            such as golf courses and cemeteries--locations with delicate turf
            and well-maintained landscaping.
the cutting speed
            of the magnum is phenomenal--it cuts as fast as a rayco 1625 jr.,
            or a vermeer sc 222 at 1/3 the price. additionally, liability insurance
            for the magnum is only about $40 per year, instead of $1200 for most
            trailer model grinders. this makes our stump grinder inexpensive
            to own and use--not only saving you time and money, but also without
            sacrificing performance. many
              larger landscaping companies own an alpine stump grinder for use
                alongside larger equipment--such as an excavator mounted stump
                grinder. they keep the magnum on hand in case the excavator comes
                up against a stump it can't cut, due to either proximity to a
                building, or just a delicate surrounding landscape.  also,
                    at only $4 per hour for fuel, it saves them a lot of money
                    compared to an excavator--where transport alone is enormously
                    expensive. also, the alpine stump cutter is an excellent
                    trench-digging tool, and when outfitted with the optional
                    trench-digging teeth, it becomes perfect for cable and sprinkler
                    laying. because of its clean-cutting action through soil,
                    it can dig trenches through lawns and gardens without causing
                    damage to the surrounding environment.
why should you buy our portable alpine stump
            grinder?
click here to find out. 


  


 home   |  stump
                grinder  |  trencher  |  brush
                cutter   |  lawn care   |  difficult
                access  
photos   |  prices  |  maintenance  |  faq  |  order
                  form  |  endorsements  |  dealer
                  finder 


 
 



