








home - the iowa sportsman























home - the iowa sportsman

























































skip to content





subscribe today!












  














homearticles

hunting

whitetailturkeyuplandpredatorwaterfowltrapping 
fishing

catfishbasswalleyepanfishmusky/pikeother 
gear & more
issuespodcastssubscriptions

iowa sportsman magazineiowa sportsman's atlassportsman's atlas special
contact 













 
iowa sportsman podcast 









check out our current issue!








 

iowa sportsman march 2025
this issue brings you:

finding spring toms
fishing iowa – what to target in march
whitetails 365 – prepping for food plots
leveraging prairie to improve habitat
bringing a pond back to its prime

 click here to view this issue now! 












 

 navigating big ice 
navigating big ice by rod woten why does it always seem that the bigger a body of water you want to fish, the harder the fish are to find? if you think about it from a statistical standpoint, the bigger lakes have more water you have to sort through in order to find fish, which […]
 read more 







 

 whitetails 365: buying recreational land, part i 
whitetails 365: buying recreational land, part i by tom peplinski owning your own recreational land to use and manage can be one of if not the most rewarding experiences you could ever have. for me, managing my own farm is almost more rewarding than the actual hunt itself. it extends the season outside the traditional […]
 read more 







 

 ice fishing tech: the rise of ice electronics 
ice fishing tech: the rise of ice electronics by nick johnson i remember as a young kid ice fishing with dad, the essential tools for the job consisted of nothing more than a hand auger, a rod where one winds the line around two pegs fixed to the rod handle, an ice scoop, some tiny […]
 read more 







 

 different strokes for all folks 
different strokes for all folks by rod woten i am a huge proponent of tournament ice angling. much like any other competitive sport, tournament ice anglers are constantly looking for an advantage over their competition. this relentless drive often leads to innovative new products, outside-the-box-patterns and torture-testing of longstanding equipment and patterns. tournament ice angling […]
 read more 









 1 
 2 
…
 325 
 older »  





 










featured story
10 killer big buck bow hunting ambushes
why do top notch hunters shoot quality mature deer year after year? sure they scout, don’t shoot young bucks, maintain their land, pay attention to the wind, plant food plots, are in big buck country, ect. yes all of those and many more reasons can attribute to better chances of shooting bigger bucks consistently. however do you know the most important reason why people shoot big deer year after year? because they place their stands in locations where big bucks like to frequent…it really is that simple. they are in the right place at the right time. you will never consistently shoot mature deer if you are not putting your tree stands in the proper locations.
whitetails are creatures of habit and instinct, they do everything for a purpose and that is actually a good thing for us hunters. if we know what they like to do, what they don’t like to do, and how they navigate their day then we can key in on certain geographical locations on our properties and ambush an unsuspecting bruiser.




read full story










created by iowans, for iowans
the iowa sportsman website and magazine are iowa’s only privately owned media sources catering to hunters, anglers, and outdoor enthusiasts here in iowa. simply put, we are unlike other iowa outdoor media sources: all our staff is from iowa, from our publisher to our writers. we actually follow through on what we advertise; we provide knowledgeable content from people who know the industry or sport discussed.




  learn more










  


about
submit an article
advertise
privacy policy
accessibility
terms
 










					 copyright © 2025 the iowa sportsman				

					  site by weicks media






 





close the accessibility toolbar



accessibility bar


visibility_offdisable flashestitlemark headingssettingsbackground colorzoom_outzoom outzoom_inzoom inremove_circle_outlinedecrease fontadd_circle_outlineincrease fontspellcheckreadable fontbrightness_highbright contrastbrightness_lowdark contrastformat_underlinedunderline linksfont_downloadmark linksreset all optionscachedflagaccessibility statement 

















