










home - home builders association of greater new orleans
























































 
 

















skip to content














menu 
homeabout about us board of directors councils contact usmember center member directory member application membership benefits member highlights/testimonialsevents calendar signature events parade of homes home & garden showresources consumer resources builder resources nahb news marketing & sponsorships sponsorsmember login











facebook





youtube





linkedin





instagram




































 













the home of local, licensed residential contractors














for over 80 years
































the home builders association of greater new orleans is a professional organization representing the residential housing industry, serving our members and the community since 1941. our mission is to be the voice of the residential housing industry in greater new orleans; enhancing the climate and protecting the business interests of the membership; promoting quality, affordable housing; educating members and the public as to industry business and association goals; promoting ethical and professional standards for the industry; encouraging responsible citizenry through active community involvement.










ready to become a member?





click here




















2025 parade of homes registration!
the parade of homes is the largest showcase of the latest in-home design in the greater new orleans area. tour new and remodeled homes and be inspired by the craftmanship of hbagno builders and remodelers. the parade of homes is presented by the home builders association of greater new orleans; hba members from the seven different parishes pay a fee to participate to showcase their creativity and craftsmanship.
early bird registration for this year's 2025 hbagno parade of homes is now available until friday, february 14, 2025.





register here!













jefferson parish bicentennial ball
in 2025, jefferson parish commemorates a 200-year history, and the parish is inviting you to celebrate with us year-long! jefferson parish was established by the louisiana legislature on february 11, 1825, and named in honor of thomas jefferson.
to commemorate the history and celebrate the future of jefferson parish, lakeside shopping center will be transformed from a beloved and iconic shopping center in the heart of jefferson parish into our event venue for the evening. with nearly 1,500 guests in attendance, this will be a memorable evening of food, drinks, and live entertainment.





click here for more info



































   get connected









  mark your calendar









follow us on facebook















login


member center log in 
 











directory


find a member 
 











calendar


education/events 
 










upcoming events








































thank you to our premier and priority sponsors




















                                sif home builders                            












                                m&m glass company                            












                                builders risk insurance                            












                                dhs marketing                            












                                gulf coast bank                            





next
previous















 












© 2025 home builders association of greater new orleans
 | 
site by growthzone












home builders association of greater new orleans









phone




 504. 837.2700 










address & map




 2424 n arnoult rd, metairie, la 70001





















faqsprivacy policyterms & conditions








proud members of
















                                st bernard                            














                                nola                            














                                csfi                            














                                jefferson chamber                            














                                river region                            














                                nomar                            














                                plaquemines                            






next
previous






















 © 2025 home builders association of greater new orleans.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















