










cameo beauty academy - cameo beauty academy





































additional $ 1,000 scholarship for all new students who start classes in nov 2024!  call for details.


call now! 708.636.4660
get started now!








toggle navigation







about us 

introduction 
school objectives 
administrative staff and faculty 
facility 
general info 


contact us 
courses 

cosmetology course 

objectives 
curriculum 
graduation requirements 


esthetics course 

objectives 
curriculum 
graduation requirements 


cosmetology teacher course 

objectives 
curriculum 
graduation requirements 




admission info 

policy and requirements 
financial aid info 
tuition and fees 
consumer information 
disclosures for state reciprocity agreements 
admissions information form 
title ix policy 
cares act and heerf reporting 


your career 

opportunities 
referral service 


beauty services 
blog 
faqs 














welcome to cameo beauty academy


do you have a burning desire to be a salon stylist, an esthetician or a cosmetology instructor? cameo beauty academy will help you achieve your goals. our school has been training students in the field of cosmetology since 1960. the school has earned a reputation for excellence and quality of education. this is evidenced by its graduates who have achieved success in the many different aspects of the cosmetology profession. currently accepting applications!
get enrollment information »



6 key reasons our cosmetology and esthetics programs rock




1


qualified staff with industry experience
credentialed faculty with multiple certifications with industry and teaching experience is key to learning. cameo beauty academy is proud of our faculty experience and passion. do you know who you will be learning from? cameo has redken master certified and redken certified trained specialists.






2


class size
this one's pretty obvious: an over-crowded classroom means less one-on-one attention from your teacher and less hands-on time with the equipment. the beauty and cosmetology industry is one where you definitely learn by doing. cameo beauty academy makes sure that we give you the opportunity to become the best you can be.






3


program offerings
do not limit yourself.  a cosmetology program will help you understand how to apply the latest trends in hair, makeup, and nail design, along with essential esthetician skills. this all-encompassing education can result in a long career filled with expanding opportunities. but why stop there, give back by taking a cosmetology teacher course and become a teacher of beauty. perhaps you want to focus your efforts and spend time in esthetics to study subjects like facials, make-up, and skin care products. our esthetics program can help! 






4


high institutional reputation
cameo has been teaching for almost 60 years. take time to read our testimonials and reviews, or better yet, talk to current students or graduates. our graduates are prepared for the state's licensing exam and the practical skills they learn at school help them become salon ready!






5


hands-on experience
this business is all about learning to work with the clients. you can't get that kind of experience from a book, ipad or tablet of any kind. the idea of executing a complicated haircut or a lengthy color processing job while you’re still in training is understandably nerve-wracking. so, while some tout technology in a program, we focus on practical experience that will help you develop your skills. practice, practice, practice. we have a busy salon which helps you focus on your skills instead of looking for clients.






6


affordability and quality
cameo's tuition is affordable that delivers a quality education. while every student will end up with different career paths it was exciting to see ben molin, a cameo graduate become internationally recognized as an expert in fashion hairstyles and took second place in the debut show "shear genius" on bravo tv. he outdistanced himself from the thousands of other stylists who auditioned.  get started with your career by learning the skills needed to begin your journey. call us for a tour and ask about our scholarship opportunities!








experience while in school makes all the difference
our student salon is very busy.
we service a lot of clients!
you don't have to bring in your own clients!
get started today


 




 
 


 the cities and towns located from within 30 miles of our location in oak lawn are listed below. our cosmetology and esthetics school service clients from various parts of il. we offer day and evening courses! come in for a tour or experience our affordable services such as facials, hair color, make-up and styling. see you soon. hickory hills, il, crestwood, il,palos heights, il,justice, il,blue island, il,summit, il,midlothian, il,lyons, il,hometown, il,burbank, il,chicago ridge, il,clarkdale, il,evergreen park, il,mitchells subdivision, il,mount greenwood, il,hazel green, il,ashburn, il,arrow ridge mobile home park, il,worth, il,merrionette park, il,alsip, il,bridgeview, il,west lawn, il,palos hills, il,beverly hills, il,chicago,il,norridge, il,elk grove village, il,schiller park, il,griffith, in,lincoln park, il,itasca, il,crest hill,il,bloomingdale, il,plainfield, il,wheaton, il,harwood heights, il,park ridge, il,naperville, il,glendale heights, il,des plaines, il,oak forest,il,tinley park, il, bollingbrook, il
 
 




scholarship opportunities!

$500.00 cosmetology completion scholarship and $500 fall back to school scholarship* - must be new, first-time enrolled students (full-time or part time). call, 708-636-4660 for details or click below to request info. additional scholarship opportunity for those who start this nov 2023!  schedule an appt to learn more.
 
 
request more info


 
 

 
students can start classes almost any tuesday! for enrollment information call 708-636-4660 or fill out the admissions information form
three schedules are available
for the cosmetology course
*full-time day*part-time day/morning/afternoon*part-time evening








as a redken premiere school, cameo graduates are preferred by over 30,000 redken 5th avenue salons throughout the united states.














cameo beauty academy
9714 s. cicero
oak lawn, il 60453
p:  708.636.4660













questions? send us an email.





copyright © 2025 cameo beauty academy. all rights reserved. do not copy without permission. 

cares act and heerf reporting
 | consumer information
 | title ix
 | disclosures for state reciprocity agreements















