







pokermike.com :: welcome










 

pokermike.com
the online resource for casual poker players


 
powered by google





welcome •
            poker pages •
            about •
            contact






welcome to pokermike.com!

 


do any of these apply to you?

tired of playing texas hold'em with your friends every thursday night, and want to learn some new games?
                     have a question about a poker game?
                     want to settle an argument about a poker game ruling?
                     or do you just want to swap stories, advice, new games, etc., with other casual players?
                  

                     if so, then you've come to the right place! with rules to
                     hundreds of poker (and "not-so-poker") variations,
                     pokermike.com is dedicated helping players invigorate
                     their home games.
                  




site features


poker pages

                     browse rules to over 130 poker games & variations.
                     the games are indexed by category/type, name, and maximum number of players.
                  


house rules

                     view pokermike's house rules covinering everything from
                     gerenal rules, like the values of chips and hand rankings,
                     to terms like
                     goal posting
                     and how we deal with
                     piggers.
                  


house favorites

                    if you're playing at my house or just curious which games
                    i think are best, well here are our house favorites. of
                    course, feel free to disagree.
                 




other poker resources


tightpoker.com

                     this website offers a variety of strategy articles in addition to reviews for uk, euro and us poker sites.
                  


learnwpt

                     ready to win more? join learnwpt.com to access exclussive content and learn to play poker online from the pros.
                  






            © pokermike.com 2000-2017 — all rights reserved
         




