

loosely coupled home page - on-demand web services for business






this is loosely coupled. skip directly to: site navigation, page content, search.





home
news
weblog
resources
services
about









 weekly emails: how to
 







news

feature articles
news headlines
news archive
latest releases

comment

opinion
weblog
comments

resources

glossary
events

services

email bulletins
special reports
syndication


 amazon.com widgets

 









loosely coupled — connecting with web services





» may 2015featured topicweak governance haunts soas
jun 6th 2005 feature article: practical experience is driving one critical requirement to the top of the agenda: the need for strong governance over developers. ... read more
governance rules
jul 12th 2005 weblog: loose coupling liberates application behavior, and this makes governance paramount, because otherwise you have anarchy ... read more
governance, the key to soa success
may 17th 2006 opinion: few would argue that soa is inevitable and has become a strategic imperative for organizations today. those without a strategy for soa risk being outpaced ... read more
glossary: » governance features: » more opinion: » more weblog: » more 

» more » stories
is it time to build in bpm?
jan 16th: some vendors say business process management should be built into applications rather than bought as a separate product... more
soa immaturity dogs early adopters
dec 7th: the gap between vision and reality in soa tools and best practice is putting pressure on organizations as they implement projects... more
oracle gets on with its soa knitting
nov 25th: oracle is pressing ahead with a grand plan to integrate its soa stack, even while adding more acquisitions... more
 


» more » resources
new glossary terms: mvc, ria, semantics, ejb, ajax, aon, xbrl, bi,  ...






» commentary

why soa software bought blue titan
weblog: i happened to be visiting soa software in los angeles ten days ago. you can imagine my surprise when blue titan's frank martinez stepped out of the ... more
what will spark ignite?
weblog: microsoft's michael platt on monday presented a model of the emerging web 2.0 architecture at the mix 06 show in las vegas. so at least the ... more
spark and restart
weblog: i'm at las vegas with microsoft discussing the future of architecture. actually, not with microsoft so much as a group of architects and analysts ... more
why progress bought actional it looks like the market underrated actional. its ...
what should an soa repository look like? it's becoming clear that a repository is an essential ...
» current » january » december » previous







» scrapbook

 












  
copyright © 2002-2010, procullux media ltd. all rights reserved.



