


rumornet - we've got our ears and eyes all over the net!

























    
	rumornet - we've got our ears and eyes all over the net!
	
  





wednesday, december 09, 2009



	 
	 new videos
	 
    


here's the video for mary j. blige's new single "i am".


and the latest from 50 cents  “do you think about me”....
 




posted by aroseinatl @ 11:31 am
0 comments






tuesday, december 08, 2009



	 
	 usher: raymond vs raymond
	 
    



raymond vs. raymond from usher raymond on vimeo.
here's a promo for usher's new album set to be released next year, guess he's trying to win his female fans back.



posted by aroseinatl @ 7:24 pm
0 comments









	 
	 sade: “soldier of love”
	 
    


 
here's new music from my all time favorite sade.  her highly anticipated album will be released sometime in february 2010.




posted by aroseinatl @ 6:32 pm
0 comments






thursday, december 03, 2009



	 
	 wow.....obama e-pills
	 
    



cbsnews.com is reporting abut that a texas man was arrested with exctasy pills in the shape of our president's likeness:
police in palmview detained a driver after finding black tar heroin, cocaine, marijuana and several ecstasy pills in the back of his car. 

the drugs look like a "vitamin for kids," police spokesman lenny sanchez said. 

police say that other ecstasy pills they found were made to look like the cartoon characters homer simpson and the smurfs. 

the 22-year-old driver is expected to face felony drug possession counts. 
wow, first there were the cookies, then the chinese restaurant now drugs.

source: cbsnews.com 



posted by aroseinatl @ 8:48 pm
0 comments









	 
	 tigergate:  wpods to pay wife to stay with him.
	 
    



elin nordegren has sure hit the jackpot, according to various news sources. woods is in negotiations to give her more money to persuade her to stay in their marriage for another 24 months.

the initial pre-nup signed in 2004 was to award elin $20 million if she stayed with tiger for 10 years but due to this recent scandal of affairs with several women the contract has been amended.  she only has to stay married until october 2011 and will be getting a whooping $300 million. the new agreement would also pay her more if she stayed even longer, almost $75 million in payments over five years.

she just has to be quiet about the whole situation and sign a non-disclosure form preventing her from selling her story.  talk about a tight lipped contract.

  
update:
mistress rachel uchitel, who was to give a press conference today with lawyer gloria allred cancelled due to talks with tiger.  rumors are circulating that she had come to an agreement and was given money for her silence.

source: the daily beast
pic via ap




posted by aroseinatl @ 8:39 pm
0 comments









	 
	 kimora, djimon and the kids celebrate christmas
	 
    


kimora and her beautiful family released this precious holiday portrait of their happy family.






posted by aroseinatl @ 7:51 pm
0 comments









	 
	 michael jackson's former bodyguard trying to sell his surgical mask caught on video.
	 
    


it's a damn shame when someone who mj trusted to guard him is now trying to make a buck after his death.  according to london's news of the world, this fool eric muhammad was caught on tape trying to sell the surgical mask that michael was often photographed wearing.  below is actual video of him bragging about knowing michael, disappointed at not getting paid from the tour, showing a pay stub and negotiating to sell the mask.  unknown to him, he was being set up by an investigator posing as a rich businessman.  





in the video you can hear him saying: 
"it still has his make-up on it. it still smells like him.
  
"it's very sentimental to me and it's personal. the number that i had  initially in my mind was to offer it up for 200 hundred grand."
then in an  effort to prove his closeness to jacko, and the provenance of his goods, the  free-talking security man mouthed off about the night the king of pop died,  blamed personal medic dr conrad murray for the tragedy and bragged how the  jackson children lovingly nicknamed him big e.  

muhammad's attempt to line his own pockets comes just after michael's  rhinestone-studded glove - worn for his first moonwalk dance in 1983 - was  sold to a hong kong gaming resort boss for $350,000 (about £212,000). but  that was a legitimate auction. slippery muhammad's offer is a hush-hush  private get-rich-quick scheme.
 he seemed to have settled for $150,000

source: news of the world 





posted by aroseinatl @ 12:01 am
0 comments






wednesday, december 02, 2009



	 
	 tigergate:  wife elin confronted mistress
	 
    



so elin woods did confront mistress jaimee grubbs and she bragged to her coworkers about it according to tmz.  jaimee says she answered and asked who was on the line. jaimee says the caller -- a woman -- did not identify herself but said, "you know who this is because you're f**king my husband."

let's bet that there are plenty more women about to come out the woodwork .  tiger was spotted recently in vegas with a bruenette early october....smh.  why do these idiots bother getting married?
labels: athletes, cheater, liars, tiger woods, tigergate



posted by aroseinatl @ 12:30 pm
0 comments









	 
	 tigergate: tiger confesses and mistresses keep coming out the woodwork.
	 
    


 tiger is finally admitting to his cheating ways and released the following statement:

"i have let my family down and i regret those transgressions with all of my heart. i have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves. i am not without faults and i am far short of perfect. i am dealing with my behavior and personal failings behind closed doors with my family. those feelings should be shared by us alone.
 
 although i am a well-known person and have made my career as a professional athlete, i have been dismayed to realize the full extent of what tabloid scrutiny really means. for the last week, my family and i have been hounded to expose intimate details of our personal lives. the stories in particular that physical violence played any role in the car accident were utterly false and malicious. elin has always done more to support our family and shown more grace than anyone could possibly expect.
 
 but no matter how intense curiosity about public figures can be, there is an important and deep principle at stake which is the right to some simple, human measure of privacy. i realize there are some who don't share my view on that. but for me, the virtue of privacy is one that must be protected in matters that are intimate and within one's own family. personal sins should not require press releases and problems within a family shouldn't have to mean public confessions.
 
 whatever regrets i have about letting my family down have been shared with and felt by us alone. i have given this a lot of reflection and thought and i believe that there is a point at which i must stick to that principle even though it's difficult.
i will strive to be a better person and the husband and father that my family deserves. for all of those who have supported me over the years, i offer my profound apology."

so i've heard so many stories about tiger wood's philandering for so many years. flying famous models and actresses to spend quality time with him.  his clean image isn't so clean, dude has been chopping down chicks all over the world for years and finally with last week's accident everything is coming to light.  it's no longer a secret that the young golf icon despite being married is still doing his thing.  now 2 more women have come out saying they've been seeing mr. woods for years.

the latest woman to come out has been exposed by life and style magazine:
kalika moquin, a marketing manager for the bank nightclub in las vegas, hooked up with tiger more than once at his las vegas hotel during the weekend of oct. 23, an insider tells life & style. kalika is the third woman to be publicly linked to tiger. club promoter rachel uchitel and los angeles cocktail waitress jaimee grubbs have also been named in shocking reports as women with whom tiger has cheated on his wife of five years, elin nordegren.
when contacted by life & style, kalika neither confirmed nor denied an affair with tiger. “it’s not appropriate for me to comment one way or the other,” she said. “at this time, i’m just choosing to focus on my job.”
reps for tiger would not comment. but the insider tells life & style, “they’ve hooked up a bunch of times. tiger told kalika that married life isn’t all it’s built up to be. he said he wasn’t happy in his marriage or his home life and that there was just so much pressure on him.”

 then there's the 24 yr old cocktail waitress jaimee grubbs in vegas who claims she's been with him since 2007.   she's has proof with over 300 text messages and numerous sexual encounters and now the voicemail below from us weekly where tiger leaves a message asking ms. grubbs to take her name off her phone.  he warned her that his wife might be calling her because she has been going thru his phone.

 


so last week tiger crashed his truck by his driveway while trying to get away from god knows what.  his wife elin supposedly confronted him about his cheating ways and a fight ensued which resulted in scratches on his face, him running out of the car into his truck while being chased by her with a golf club.  he has repeatedly denied this is what happened and has refused to speak with police investigators.  tmz has more on the whole scandal that is still unfolding.




posted by aroseinatl @ 12:21 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 01, 2009



	 
	 butt implant surgery kills ms. argentina
	 
    



former miss argentina solange magnano died sunday during a botched butt implant operation.  the 38 yr old beauty was rushed to hospital with severe breathing problems after the cosmetic operation and died leaving behind eight-year-old twins.  her death was caused by a blocked lung artery after spending three days in a critical condition in intensive care.

according to uk's dailymail, her close friend and fashion designer roberto piazza said the brunette had become obsessed with her looks as her successful modeling career approached its end.  
he said: 'she was a fantastic model. when i first met her i thought 'this girl  is perfect'.
'she had an amazing body, she wasn't hyper-skinny, she had a voluptuous body,  an exotic beauty.
'in 1994 she participated in miss universe. she was very successful around the  world, she worked a lot in paris.

this is just too sad and unfortunate to lose your life and leave your children behind.  
labels: plastic implants, vanity



posted by aroseinatl @ 8:20 pm
0 comments

































links

imdb
google
wikipedia
yahoo

sponsors












previous posts

new videos
usher: raymond vs raymond
sade: “soldier of love”
wow.....obama e-pills
tigergate:  wpods to pay wife to stay with him.
kimora, djimon and the kids celebrate christmas
michael jackson's former bodyguard trying to sell ...
tigergate:  wife elin confronted mistress
tigergate: tiger confesses and mistresses keep com...
butt implant surgery kills ms. argentina

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
december 2009































 
ellipticals




