 







women's history network – for anyone with a passion for women’s history



















































































 

home
about

what is the whn
committee

contact
steering committee biographies


regional and scottish whn
international federation for research in women’s history (ifrwh)
privacy policy


join

become a member
whn discussion list
donate to the whn


news

latest news
blog

blog for us!


submit your conference or event announcement


events

the women’s history network annual conference
notices
seminars

previous seminar recordings
priority seminar booking


calls for papers
writing retreats
women’s history month


prizes

prizes category

book prize
community history prize
schools history prize
dissertation prize


fellowships and grants

ecr independent conferences




journal

women’s history today
past journal issues
download journal pdfs
whn index of journal articles
journal purchase
contact editors


teachers

useful resources and information to help teachers to promote women’s history
schools history prize

schools history prize winners


all teacher resources


login
 

 



women's history network
for anyone with a passion for women’s history
women’s history network is an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity




the whn annual conference






blog, blog and news, event, whn annual conferencewhn annual conference 2025, call for papers

sarah richardson
 / 
january 24, 2025



first call for papers women’s history network 33rd annual conference  online via zoom    thursday 4 & friday 5 september 2025 hidden in plain sight: women in archives, libraries, museums and personal collections. one of the many exciting aspects of researching women’s history is the discovery of previously unknown lives which have lain hidden or overlooked […]



latest news and blogs



blog, blog and newsthe pre-history of nursing: an alternative view – alannah tomkins

lisa berry-waite
 / 
february 11, 2025






my first exposure to the history of nursing was the ladybird book florence nightingale, in the ‘adventure from history’ series.  like many primary-school children before and since, i was beguiled by nightingale’s dedication to her cause.  the only depiction of an earlier nurse in the ladybird book comes as an illustration on page nine: an […]






blog and news, women's historywhn reading list for  lgbtq+ history month 2025

whn
 / 
february 2, 2025






for thirty years, the women’s history network (whn) have been publishing journal articles and blogs on myriad subjects about women. we have constructed this reading list for lgbtq+ history month, and beyond, to make visibility of our publications easier. clicking on the title will link you to the relevant page. images are all in the […]



whn prize news



blog and news, book prize, prizeswomen’s history network book prize winners

sarah richardson
 / 
september 15, 2024



we are delighted to announce the winners of our annual book prize for 2021 and 2022. the 2021 winner is siobhan hearne for her book, policing prostitution: regulating the lower classes in late imperial russia (oxford university press) there are joint winners for the 2022 prize: jane freeland for her book, feminist transformations and domestic violence activism […]






ecr independent conferences, fellowships and grants, prizeswhn independent researcher grants for 2023/24

dr anna muggeridge
 / 
september 8, 2023



the women’s history network is delighted to announce the results of this year’s independent researcher grant. this year, the award received a record number of applications and we were thrilled to see the amount of interest in women’s history from people of all backgrounds. it did, however, make choosing incredibly difficult – if only it […]



activities



calls for papersvoluntary action history society 8th international conference

voluntary action history society
 / 
february 5, 2025



call for papers voluntary action history society’s 8th international conference: ‘new ways of doing voluntary action history? university of liverpool, uk, 2-4 july 2025 the voluntary action history society’s 8th international conference will take place at the university of liverpool between 2 and 4 july 2025. the conference will return to the university, site of previous friendly and successful […]






eventswomen in intelligence during ww2

melanie owen
 / 
december 19, 2024






8 march 2025 – bletchley park a day symposium covering women in intelligence during world war two, including stories relating to individuals from all over the world. join bletchley park for a day of talks and discussions revealing the often hidden stories of women’s roles in intelligence during world war two. the day will cover […]



women's history journal



women's history journalwomens history today – autumn 2024 edition

whn
 / 
november 26, 2024






the autumn 2024 issue of women’s history today is now available for purchase or downoad. this special issue of women’s history today marks thirty years since the first ‘journal’ was published by the women’s history network back in 1994 as women’s history notebooks.






women's history journalwomens history today – summer 2024 edition

whn
 / 
july 28, 2024






the summer 2024 issue of women’s history today is now available for purchase or downoad. this special issue is focused on childcare and includes rich and varied themed contributions across continents and generations.



view all posts 

searchsearchwhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.basketwhn on bluesky and linkedinsee our latest posts below or visit https://bsky.app/profile/womenshistnet.bsky.social and https://www.linkedin.com/company/women-s-history-network/posts/ 

recent posts






the pre-history of nursing: an alternative view – alannah tomkins
february 11, 2025




voluntary action history society 8th international conference
february 5, 2025







whn reading list for  lgbtq+ history month 2025
february 2, 2025







whn annual conference 2025, call for papers
january 24, 2025



searchsearchwhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. 











	privacy & cookies: this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
to find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
		
		cookie policy	

 





about
the women’s history network is a national association and charity for the promotion of women’s history and the encouragement of everyone interested in women’s history. following our establishment in 1991 we have grown year by year and today we are a uk national charity with members including working historians, researchers, independent scholars, teachers, librarians, and many other individuals both within academia and beyond. indeed, the network reaches out to anyone...
read more→



 

conferences and events
whn annual conference 2025, call for paperswomen in intelligence during ww2cfp women’s history today special issue – women and the making of art historyinfants and institutions: representations and memories of residential homes in twentieth-century europeindependent researcher
 


get whn updates









please leave this field emptysubscribe to our latest posts list to get notifications of new whn posts. 
e-mail *


thanks for signing up. check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 





subscribe to the whn newsletter









please leave this field emptysubscribe to our monthly newsletter
e-mail *


thanks for signing up. check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 











                    copyright women's history network © all rights reserved.
                


 
                    whn theme and customization by jones5 web solutions 

 


 





























