









raymond loewy - the official licensing website of raymond loewy


















































































skip to content










homeabout

biography photos career highlights quotes awards endorsements exhibits
newslicensing





menu
close





home
about

biography
photos
career highlights
quotes
awards
endorsements
exhibits


news
licensing





 


















  











 







about raymond loewy 



 after a brief but promising career as a fashion illustrator, raymond loewy dedicated his talent to the field of industrial design. loewy’s creative genius was innate, and his effect on the industry was immediate. he literally revolutionized the industry, working as a consultant for more than 200 companies and creating product designs for everything from cigarette packs and refrigerators, to cars and spacecrafts. loewy lived by his own famous maya principle – most advanced yet acceptable. he believed that, “the adult public’s taste is not necessarily ready to accept the logical solutions to their requirements if the solution implies too vast a departure from what they have been conditioned into accepting as the norm.”a popular lecturer as well, loewy spoke at institutions such as the massachusetts institute of technology, columbia university, and the university of leningrad. he founded three design companies: raymond loewy and associates, new york; raymond loewy international, london; and compagnie de i’esthetique industrielle, paris. his writings include the locomotive: its aesthetics (1937), the autobiography never leave well enough alone (1951) and industrial design (1951). 






read full biography




















	
        		through his talent, the force of his personality, his charm, his energy, his flair, his parisian air, his genius for promoting himself and his profession, and his ability to intermediate so well between so many worlds, raymond loewy bestrode the profession he had helped created. more than any other individual, he was responsible for convincing business of the importance of design.
            
glenn porter, raymond loewy: designs for a consumer culture


 






raymond loewy quotes















in the news 









loewy’s shell logo on indy 500 winning car
josef newgarden won the indianapolis 500 on may 28, 2023....read more
may 30, 2023






designers give air force one a fresh, rainbow-hued look
trump would really hate it.   by katharine schwab in 1962,...read more
august 3, 2018






fly the gaudy skies
by john wall john wall is the author of streamliner, a...read more
july 30, 2018






out of the blue: a look back at air force one’s classic design
written by: jacopo prisco, cnn the current look of air force...read more
july 30, 2018



 


load more









more news & press















want to learn more about continuing the legacy of raymond loewy? 










reach out today





















				copyright 2025 © estate of raymond loewy			













































