




home | mike robbins





























































































 skip to main content skip to footermike robbinsinfusing life and business with authenticity and appreciationabout
speaking
books
podcast
blog
contact









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










mike robbins is an author, thought leader and sought-after speaker who teaches people, leaders, and teams to infuse their lives and businesses with authenticity and appreciation.

as a leadership expert, he partners with some of the top organizations in the world helping enhance culture,  performance, trust, and belonging.













book mike now


















clients include: 













































“mike robbins has a great style and unique perspective. the principles he teaches have helped me and our executive leadership team at ebay.”– devin wenig, former president and ceo, ebay 

“mike robbins has a unique ability to open people’s minds, touch their hearts, and teach valuable lessons about life and business.  i have personally benefited from his work, as have so many of the people on my team.”– jack calhoun, former president, banana republic 

“mike robbins is a trusted advisor to us, and has had a very positive impact on me personally, as well as on our leaders and the corporate culture at nutanix.”– dheeraj pandey, co-founder, nutanix 

“mike robbins is an amazing speaker!  his powerful message resonates with our players, coaches, and front office staff, which is why we have invited him in to speak numerous times.  he truly has helped us be a championship team.”– leilani gayles, former chief people officer, san francisco giants 

“mike is a gifted storyteller and talented speaker.  his talks on authentic leadership and appreciation, and his exercises to ‘lower the waterline’ and build trust have been incredibly effective to both my management team as well as an international audience of 600.  i have consistently received rave reviews from colleagues on mike’s various efforts within google.”– alan moss, vp of u.s. sales, google 










































mike’s bestselling books have been translated into 15 different languages.




























































































latest podcast






















staying grounded and hopeful when things are uncertain or challenging



listen here














latest blog post







 

 




the importance of leading with compassion



read here

















footerspeaking & media
booking info
videos
online press kit
client list
testimonials
resources & archives

subscribe
enter your name and email address to receive the first chapter of mike’s latest book, we're all in this together.  you’ll also get mike’s weekly inspirational email.

        













subscribe









connect on social
facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutubetiktok
© 2024 mike robbins, llc. privacy policy  &   terms of use 


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept privacy policyprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept
















 























