
kramers home page - antiques restoration, preservation product




















■ order now
■ introduction
■ what makes it
            different?
■ what does it do?
■ other products
■ the turpentine story
■ book of instructions
           &  uses
■ q & a 
■ letters from
             customers
■ letters with 
             pictures
■ newsletters
■ blog 
■ photo album
■ scrapbook
■ pdf files
■ pricing & ordering
■ contact us
■ dealer info & ordering
■ order now












 


1993
2006




hello,my name is john kramer and i'd like to introduce you to the product i make: 
        kramer's best antique improver. made in the usa of traditional, natural materials, based on 
        recipes proven by hundreds of years of use by our ancestors, it is the best of the past.
use my antique improver to clean, restore, preserve and protect both the traditional 
        finish, and the wood, of wonderful old pieces; as a complete finish for stripped or new wood; or for 
        the multitude of other uses described on this site and detailed in my 16-page 
        "book of instructions & suggested uses."
i invite you to spend some time here on our web site.  we have tried to include 
        information to help you understand what kramer's best antique improver and other kramer's best 
        products represent, and how you can use them to benefit. the 
        what does it do? page goes into detail about 
        the various ways the products can be used, how to use them, and also shows "before and after" 
        photos of their use.  read some of the many kind messages we receive from our very satisfied 
        customers on the letters page. if you are a dealer 
        interested in purchasing for resale, please visit the dealer information & ordering 
        page. you will find that our dealer program is uncomplicated and requires only a modest investment.
we invite you to contact us with comments or questions about kramer's best products. 
        your input is important to us, and we are always happy to help with questions you might have.
call to locate a dealer in your area, or order directly from us.
we look forward to hearing from you.



 













 







 
order now
 




introduction
 what makes it different?
 what does it do?
other products
the turpentine story
 book of instructions & uses

 


questions & answers
letters from customers
letters with pictures
newsletters
blog 
photo album




scrapbook
pdf files
pricing & ordering
contact us
dealer info & ordering




 
order now
 





kramer products, inc.
              john t. kramer, maker of kramer's best antique improver
              p.o. box 8715, sugar creek, mo  64054
              816-252-9512 / email:  see contact us
© 2003 - 2023, kramer products, inc.










