







trantrac























		skip to content	



trantrac
menu and widgets






search for:





recent posts


why effective irrigation is a must


perfect agriculture irrigation systems can really benefit you


drip depot diy irrigation support


significance of efficient irrigation


drip irrigation – source for the environment resources


archives

august 2023
june 2023
may 2023
july 2022
february 2022
august 2021
june 2021
march 2017
december 2016
july 2016

categories

agriculture irrigation

drip irrigation systems

farm irrigation systems

irrigation system services

irrigation systems

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 







why effective irrigation is a must 


https://www.atsirrigation.com, irrigation

irrigation can be described as the applying of water in a certain area with growing plants in an artificial way to ensure the optimum growth of plants. with our climate becoming more unpredictable with long spells of heat and below average rain, it is paramount that we ensure that our irrigation is effective. irrigation system supply
 
the irrigation that we apply will have an effect on the total growth cycle of the plants under irrigation. this can be measured from the initial preparations right through the growing process up to the eventual yield.
 
the purpose of effective irrigation is to have uniform water distribution over the whole area being irrigated. this can only be achieved by using the correct irrigation system for the area and type of plants to be irrigated. you can decide on the water amount and scheduling of it but the system you chose will determine the effectiveness. irrigation pipes
 
to decide which system will be the best for your needs is quite a daunting task which requires specialist knowledge. many factors must be taken into consideration before deciding what will be the most effective irrigation system. the best option is to go to a specialist and let them assist you to decide. they will consider various factors like the size of the area, the type of plants and their watering needs, the lay of the land, soil analysis results and water quality. they will also advice on prevailing winds, which will determine what type of irrigation will be the best to apply. the irrigation system chosen must ensure optimum effectiveness which will ensure healthy growing plants. it must also ensure that minimum loss of nutrients will occur through wind, seepage and overwatering. micro irrigation systems
 
it is essential for effective irrigation there will be proper observation and management of the system .the best way of management is by walking around the area and do a visual inspection of the plants and the moisture content of the soil. effective irrigation is a must to ensure success. irrigation system installation





posted on august 14, 2023june 26, 2024author categories uncategorized 



perfect agriculture irrigation systems can really benefit you 


[[https://www.atsirrigation.com/]], farm irrigation
irrigation can make a huge difference in your agricultural operations, yet some people see it as just another step that they have to take to set everything up and don't pay so much attention to the finer details.
yet if you take the time to look for a good solution for agricultural grown, you'll see a lot of benefits from irrigation for a long time in the future.
this is especially important if you're relying on your growing operation on any significant level, then the initial investment into an irrigation solution is going to be of great importance later on.
customized agricultural irrigation system design
most general purpose agriculture irrigation systems aren't suitable for all agricultural needs; no matter how intricately a system might be designed, it will usually not fit your growing operation 100% perfectly.
this is why you should contact a company that can design a customized solution for you to provide irrigation that will not only match your current needs perfectly but also be scalable enough to allow you for expansion later on without too much effort.
work with a qualified agricultural irrigation system company
since this is going to take some time, contact an irrigation company and have them come around for an evaluation of your property to tell evaluate your land and its needs, then advise what an entire agricultural irrigation system will cost.
that last part is important because you may need to make some preparations to accommodate the technology of your new irrigation system, especially if you're planning on something more complex that requires careful preparation.
monitor irrigation results
after your agricultural irrigation system is in place, you'll want to make sure that it runs flawlessly as well.
of course, this does depend on your need to monitor the system and check for problems and adjust some features of the system.
when you select an experienced agricultural irrigation system company, any problems that arise will be dealt with quickly and professionally, because leaving even small issues unattended can be a disaster when it comes to an irrigation system.
know the warranty
be sure to confirm with the agricultural irrigation systems company you select the details of the warranty for your selected irrigation system to make sure of what it will cover.
sometimes you may have the option to buy an extended warranty or something of that sort which is usually well worth the extra price.
also make sure that there's not something that's prohibited by the warranty that you commonly do with your irrigation systems, which could potentially void your warranty.
hopefully all of this will help you find the right agricultural irrigation system for your usage!
contact your local agricultural irrigation system company!



posted on august 10, 2023june 26, 2024author categories uncategorized 



drip depot diy irrigation support 


https://www.atsirrigation.com, drip irrigation

with the current economy, it is clear to see why all the big diy box stores are doing so well. the diy market has grown by margins not seen for quite some time. the most common problem with this type of venue is the lack of knowledge from the clerks during/after the sale. they will tell you all about the products and benefits of installing an automatic sprinkler system, but what about the designing, installation process, code requirements, etc. drip irrigation system parts
 
while there are many places to gain the knowledge and support for diy projects, i have found that the sprinkler/irrigation department is one area that is lacking the support for the diyer. all kinds of diy books are available out there but still lack in the support dept. if diy is something that you are going to tackle, make sure the support comes with the rest of the package.
 
designing the system is equally (if not more important) than the installation. it does not matter how good your product is if it is not installed properly. you are going to bury the bulk of the system in the ground, and (trust me) you do not want to have to dig it up due to poor design. you need to have a proper design before you can even consider starting the installation.
 
problems and questions will come up, its inevitable. ensure support after the sale is available. as a professional contractor i have seen many systems installed poorly. i have found they cost just as much to repair them, as to install them properly from the beginning. unlike other projects, once installed, its impossible to give it the quick fix remedy. drip irrigation system services
 
installing a sprinkler system will pay off with great benefits like:
 
increased value: your property value will increase 3% or more.
efficiency: the system only waters landscaped areas, not the street.
tidy: no unsightly hoses and sprinklers laying on the lawn.
 
your lawn will be the envy of the neighborhood, as long as it is done right. it has never been a better time for the diyer to roll up their sleeves and get dirty, saving huge amounts of their hard earned cash. just make sure you have what you need to do it right. drip irrigation system installation





posted on june 15, 2023june 26, 2024author categories uncategorizedtags drip irrigation 



significance of efficient irrigation 


https://www.atsirrigation.com, irrigation

for long time irrigation has been around for as long as humans have started farming. the first invention after humans learned to grow plants from seeds was probably a bucket. you can imagine the archaic way of how human being from the ancient days manually irrigated their crops by hauling buckets of water so that they can water their plants. fast forward to the 21st century, and you'll see how times have drastically changed with the onset of more efficient irrigation systems and mechanized methods are now available for everybody to benefit. irrigation pipes
 
in most countries, irrigation has become a widespread activity to make up for rainfall deficiency with water from other sources to assist in pasture and crop production. in dry areas irrigation is critical for agriculture. agriculture is said to be a significant contributor to the economy of many countries both directly and indirectly. for instance, manufacturing and service sectors that use farm outputs are important contributors to increase employment and cultivate state products. therefore, that is why efficient irrigation equipment and irrigation systems are in high demand.
 
 
irrigation methods have improved over many years giving a chance for more better production per megalitre of water utilized. current irrigation methods include systems such as butterfly sprinklers, impact sprinklers, centre pivot irrigation, surface and drip irrigation. the common crops produced using irrigation are; rice, canola, cotton, sugar, some fruits, tree crops as well as pasture, grain and hay for use in dairy and beef production. irrigation system parts
 
large-scale agricultural places require centre pivot irrigation. this is a method of crop irrigation in which irrigation equipment rotates around a pivot. it involves creating a circular pattern in crops if viewed from above when a circular area centre on the pivot is irrigated. initially, most centre pivot irrigation systems were water-powered. these have then been replaced by the electric motor-driven system and hydraulic systems. most systems nowadays are electric motor driven when mounted at each tower. with this technology, advanced irrigation systems and equipment are now available to boost the agricultural sector. irrigation system design





posted on june 15, 2023june 26, 2024author categories uncategorizedtags irrigation 



drip irrigation – source for the environment resources 


https://www.atsirrigation.com, drip irrigation

drip irrigation is properly a proficient watering framework for gardening for some reasons. this article will concentrate on its viability for explaining a large portion of the watering the executive's arrangements. drip irrigation system services
 
you more likely than not go over the way that hand watering every single plant does not really encourage them to get a sufficient measure of splashing. along these lines, in such cases, drip irrigation can be useful. it can supply water specifically at the simple underlying foundations of the plants. along these lines, it gives the further dimension of watering than the surface dimension and all the more critically lessens the wastage of water came about because of dissipation.
 
before introducing drip irrigation frameworks, some pre-arranging will encourage you. most importantly, you are encouraged to view garden, plants and other watering necessities. as such, your irrigation framework relies on the distinctive necessities. for example, on the off chance that you have huge trees or bushes it will require periodic profound watering. in the event that it is a vegetable garden, it will require visit watering. along these lines, pick a framework which suits your sorts and state of your garden. drip irrigation system supply
 
it would be better in the event that you plan your very own drip irrigation framework. you are prompted not to cover the irrigation line since it will encourage you to make changes in accordance with your watering design required. additionally, while buying irrigation units pick a pack which can be extended and you will consequently have the capacity to include new drip lines later on whenever required. by joining certain parts like tubing, valves, programmed clock, fittings, channels, producers and so forth you can make your very own irrigation framework. if you discover any trouble, you can visit the closest garden for more data. 
 
drip irrigation framework is commonly utilized in farming territory where there are unforgiving condition and the constraint of water. as the time went off the agriculturists encountered that this strategy for drip irrigation enables them to expand yields by bringing down the water use. after that this irrigation procedure takes the state of believing one which is received strategy in horticulture as well as in business scene and private gardens too.
 
drip irrigation encourages the moderate supply of water specifically to the root zone of the plants. this aide in keeping up a required dampness level in the dirt and this is the way less water is lost in nature. at the end of the day, the water supply at the required place encourages less dissipation of water from soil or leaves and this aide in sparing water which is an additionally preferred standpoint. in addition, it stops the germination of weeds developed between your plants. this drip irrigation framework if perfect for slanting strangely formed zones and blustery environment. drip irrigation system design





posted on june 15, 2023june 26, 2024author categories uncategorizedtags drip irrigation 



importance of farm irrigation 


irrigation systems are in practice to supply water to the soil by using synthetic measures.
it is prerequisite to provide and maintain the moisture level of soil for the proper and healthy growth of a plant.
this type of irrigation system is applicable in all plant farming areas like fields, orchards, plant nurseries, gardens, etc.
different methods are now working for the purpose of proper distribution of water to plants for better productivity.
types of irrigation techniques
according to needs of agriculture practices, numerous techniques are being developed to irrigate water for the crops.
all of these are designed according to the requirement of water, nature of seasonal crop impact, initial cost and labor required.
the main purpose of all of this modification is to improve the overall progress of the crop and profit.
there are following types developed to achieve these goals.
surface method - a process which helps to distribute water in the farming land with the help of the natural force of gravity called surface application.
this form is also known as flood method and is an example of traditional artificial water supply.
seventy percent of people from farming background adopt this irrigation system because it is simple in application and cost-effective.
this category is sub-grouped into basin, uncontrolled, furrow and border category also. basin and border are used in orchards where generally fruit trees are growing.
other methods are widely used for all other farming applications
drip irrigation - in this process, water is provided to plant by using the tube like fabrication which has a small diameter. trickle irrigation is another name of this type which is used by common man. it provides water in the form of droplets. it helps to reduce the water loss as well as helping to provide nutrients to the plant.
sprinkler - here a small device is being attached to the pipe which helps to discharge water like a rainfall. a sprinkler irrigation system is used for many different types of crops and is sometimes also used to suppress the dust in surroundings.
sub-surface - in this world, there are few geographical areas where a level of the water is low as compared to other regions for example dry areas.
in such circumstances, plants are unable to take water from the soil for the purpose of their growth.
this is a permanent setting of irrigation systems inside the soil which provides water directly to the plant roots of the soils to facilitate their growth fully.
this is the most expensive method as compared to others.



posted on may 1, 2023june 26, 2024author categories farm irrigation systemstags farm and ranch irrigation systems 



the challenges of managing water resources for irrigation! 


today, fresh water for consumption or usage with irrigation systems is considered a finite resource.
since the 1960s, the demand for water has dramatically increased, both due to growing populations and the need to irrigate to feed them as well as due to climate conditions.
with groundwater use of nearly 100 billion gallons a day for irrigation and direct use in just the u.s. alone, efficient management of this finite resource has become paramount to be able to keep irrigating the nearly 2 million acres of farmland in the country. 
increased competition for water rights
using more efficient and precise irrigation systems as irrigation technology improves, managing water resources has become somewhat more straightforward, but there are still challenges ahead that must be considered and solved.
one such challenge is the increased competition for water rights in the united state and throughout the world as water supplies continue to slowly dwindle. 
rapid depletion of water resources
another challenge that requires careful attention is water overdrafting, considering the fact that water is being withdrawn from many aquifers at a faster rate than natural drainage areas can refill them.
water loss due to evaporation during irrigation is contributing to this problem.
the eventual result could be reduced aquifer capacity and water quality as supplies slowly diminish.
the depletion of aquifers due to overdrafting can also lead to geological changes that further reduce them, as the ground substance and surface change due to reduced water in the soil.
after geological changes occur, affected aquifers are no longer able to fill to the same capacity, reducing the amount of water that is accessible later. 
over and under usage of irrigation
under and over irrigation are issues that both present additional water management concerns.
under irrigation providing only enough water to irrigate plants can create salinity issues in the soil that later requires leaching to remove the excess salts.
over irrigation results in wasted water and fertilizers, which can pollute the ground and water supplies as well as change the ways the soil drains. 
can technology help with this problem?
noting these predictable concerns, it is critical that current water resources be protected and managed to prevent these and other conditions that can result in a smaller supply available for irrigation.
in addition, it is essential to keep developing irrigation system technology that makes the most efficient use of water resources while avoiding other problems like evaporation and salinity.
for water resources to continuously supply irrigation systems for farmers throughout the country, better water resource management and wiser water usage are required.



posted on may 1, 2023june 26, 2024author categories irrigation system services 



common operational problems and repair of center pivot irrigation systems 


center pivot irrigation systems are efficient and cost-effective when they are working properly; however, when they are experiencing problems and require irrigation system repair, they can be extremely frustrating.
fortunately, most of the issues that irrigation system services see with these setups are based around the same operational problems that are fairly easy to prevent.
with some knowledge and good observation, anyone with a center pivot irrigation system installation can avoid these frustrating and resource-wasting problems and experience great service from their system.

operating water pressure issues - every center pivot irrigation system installation is designed to operate using certain water pressure. when water pressure drops below the minimum recommended pressure for the system, it might seem like the system is not performing well and irrigation system repair is necessary, but this is not always so. reduced water pressure due to wells and other water sources lowering and terrain elevation making it harder to pump water to the system are prime reasons for poor performance. leaky nozzles and worn water pump impellers can also reduce water pressure within the system, affecting performance.
nozzle type and sequence - to achieve uniform water delivery at the correct pressure, it is essential that the right replacement nozzles be purchased from irrigation system services, and that those nozzles properly maintained. each system is designed to work with a specific nozzle and all nozzles must be cleaned regularly to prevent mineral and debris buildup that can lead to blockages and out-of-sequence irrigation.
control panel programming - every center pivot irrigation system comes with a control panel and center pivot application chart to help determine how the system should be programmed to irrigate as required. many of the reasons that some believe they need irrigation system repair simply boils down to incorrect programming with the control panel. it is essential to be fully informed on how the system programming works with respect to travel speed and gross water application, what is required for the crop, and how to achieve that with the control panel. deviations to this, whether that means delivering too much water or not enough, will result in lower crop yield.

while center pivot systems sold by irrigation system services are extremely effective for helping farmers get the highest yield from their crops, these three common problems can prevent that.
whether the issue is a poor understanding of system programming or a required irrigation system repair due to clogged nozzles or worn-out water pump impellers, staying observant of these three issues will ensure better system performance and higher crop yield.



posted on july 27, 2022june 26, 2024author categories irrigation systems 



avoid costly damage by winterizing turf irrigation systems now 


the temperature is dropping and with winter setting in, groundcover and grass will all soon be dormant, storing up energy for that spring growth spurt.
your turf irrigation system won’t be seeing much use from this point on, as dormant turf doesn’t need much watering.
mother nature can take care of things until springtime.
shutting down an irrigation sprinkler system
what you need to take care of in the meantime is shutting down your turf irrigation system so it doesn’t become damaged once the ground starts freezing.
it might take more than one or two freezes for the ground to freeze to the level of the irrigation lines but once it does, that is when the damage can occur.
water trapped in those thin pipes can destroy the whole system as it freezes and expands, bursting pvc water supply lines.
the worst thing is that you may not realize it until much later, after many gallons of wasted water has passed through broken water lines once the water can flow again.
simple to shut down turf irrigation systems
fortunately, “winterizing” a turf irrigation system and preventing this damage is very easy to do.
it can be accomplished in only 4 easy steps:

turn off the system and any timers controlling it.
turn off the main water supply to the system.
open all valves and drain the system.
insulate any above-ground components to protect them.

importance of draining turf irrigation systems
of the four steps, draining the turf irrigation system is the one requiring the most attention.
depending on the system, it might have an automatic draining function that should be activated or you may have to drain it manually, just refer to the instructional manual for your system for directions.
in most cases, this just involves opening certain valves that are positioned in specific locations to evacuate the water lines.
you may also be able to perform a system blow-out draining using a compressor.
regardless of the method used to drain a turf irrigation system, this fifteen minutes of effort can save hundreds or even thousands of dollars that might otherwise end up being spent on repairs or even replacing the whole system.
using last winter as a prime example of just how unpredictable texas winters can be, it is time well spent protecting the investment that has been made on a lawn or turf sprinkler system.
seek a turf irrigation system pro for help!
for help winterizing your system in the next few weeks, contact a turf irrigation system service that can talk you through the process or come out to take care of it for you, if necessary.



posted on february 22, 2022june 26, 2024author categories irrigation systems 



learn why farmers and their crops prefer drip irrigation 


of all the different methods used in agricultural irrigation today, drip irrigation systems remain a popular favorite for many great reasons.
used by agricultural businesses large and small to carefully monitor the growth of their plants, drip irrigation puts water exactly where it is needed without any wasting of this valuable resource.
so, what are the fantastic reasons why farmers and their crops prefer drip systems whenever they can be used?
read on!
flexibility
available in both low-pressure and high-pressure setups, drip irrigation systems are relatively easy to plan out, set up, and modify as needed to keep the water flowing directly to every plant in the orchard or small field.
they also work on any type of terrain, whether flat or hilly, to deliver water directly to the plant root to be immediately absorbed without washing away.
water conservation
evaporation and water wastage due to overwatering are two prime factors that farmers must contend with when irrigating crops.
both use up more water than the plants actually absorb, meaning higher water costs and greater stress on this dangerously shrinking natural resource.
using drip irrigation, it is possible to keep yield high without wasting precious water, and have a more sustainable agricultural operation.
higher yields - fewer weeds
drip agricultural irrigation ensures that only crops get the water so they can produce to their fullest ability, while the weeds are starved of water so they cannot grow at all.
any water quality
unlike many other irrigation systems that may not be usable with anything other than fresh water that is completely free from sediments and other impurities, drip irrigation systems can easily use that water without a problem.
fertilizer delivery
like other irrigation systems, drip systems can be used to apply fertilizer to the plants, too.
by delivering the fertilizer directly to the plant, fertilizer wastage and costs are reduced over application via spraying systems and other methods.
reduced labor costs
one more great benefit of using a drip irrigation system is the savings in labor costs.
between the ease of setting up and maintaining these systems, their flexibility, the direct delivery of water and fertilizer, and the choking out of weeds, irrigation can be successfully handled by fewer workers in fewer hours.
adding up all the benefits
noting all of these advantages, it is no wonder why growers of all kinds turn to drip agricultural irrigation systems when they can.
while drip systems may not be suitable for expansive acreages of crops, they are an ideal solution for smaller planted plots, orchards, and anywhere that applying water directly to each, individual plant is possible.



posted on august 12, 2021june 26, 2024author categories drip irrigation systems 


posts pagination
page 1
page 2
next page







				proudly powered by wordpress			






