





the finished goods series forecasting and inventory planning























the 
	finished goods series ™
from
	e/step software inc.








 demand forecasting & inventory 
			planning software





















fgs - home
    
	key features
	    implementation
        industries served
	    clients
        undecided?


about e/step software

services

	    consulting
        education
            introductory workshop
            intermediate workshop
        outsource
        support

articles

contact

forecasting

	  forecast model elements
       outliers
       tracking signal
       calendars
       fourier series

inventory

	  compare service
       set service
       component ss

database

	   modules	& interfaces

replenishment planning

distribution planning





software with the power to maximize 
		customer service while slashing inventory
designed for companies with both a 
		substantial inventory investment and a need for high customer service.
		ever wonder how your toughest competitors manage their 
		inventory, customer service, demand forecasting, and expediting so 
		successfully?  it's simple, they use fgs.  fgs—the finished 
		goods series—is the world's most capable demand forecasting and 
		inventory planning system.  designed from the ground up to 
		interface quickly and easily with other systems (erp, mrp, osb, wms, 
		etc.), standard or custom, fgs can sharpen your competitive edge.
how do you know if you need fgs?
since 1983 e/step software has been working with companies just like 
		yours.  every one of these companies has come to us with one or 
		more of the following concerns:

don't expect your erp system 
			to solve these problems. 

			unlike large erp systems with their  
			wide-but-not-deep approach, fgs is narrow in scope but 
			incorporates  
			far greater depth than any other system today. 
			customer service is too low
inventory is too high for most products
inventory is too low for some products
our demand forecasts are inaccurate
we spend too much time expediting
we can't afford to match our competitors' high service levels
cash flow is a problem with so much tied up in inventory
our low turns are hurting profitability
our warehouse is too small
we don't have enough manufacturing capacity

if any of these sound familiar, fgs can help.
who uses fgs?


industries served

fgs is used in a wide variety of industries including 
		manufacturing (both process and discrete), distribution, service parts, 
		and service shops, among others.  for manufacturers it applies to 
		both the make-to-stock and assemble-to-order environments; for 
		distributors, both the central warehouse and the direct ship 
		environments.  fgs is used by companies both large and small, from 
		fortune 50 conglomerates to small privately held businesses.  
		essentially fgs can help any company carrying more than about $1 million 
		in inventory.  
why do our clients love us?

what our clients say about fgs e/step software gives top priority to satisfying its customers.  
		one aspect of this is that all our technical support representatives, 
		consultants, instructors, and programmers are engineers with several 
		decades of experience in this field.  another aspect is the 
		emphasis we place on achieving the greatest possible flexibility and 
		depth in our software.  the rave reviews we receive in all of these 
		areas are proof of the success of this approach.  an additional 
		proof is that our first client—from 1984—is still an active and 
		enthusiastic user of fgs.  clients may change out their erp system, 
		but they keep using fgs.clients also love us because of the results fgs achieves:  
		greatly reduced inventory and expediting while delivering higher levels 
		of customer service and forecast accuracy.  inventory savings are 
		typically 30% and sometimes as high as 75%.
implementing fgs
		 
			still undecided?

 here are some ideas to help you reach 
		your decision.  

 implementation alternatives .

				contact e/step software inc. to discuss your environment, needs, 
		and objectives.  we'll design the education and implementation plan 
		that's right for you.fgs quick facts

totally focused on forecasting and inventory planning 
windows-based, graphics-rich
easy to use, comprehensive and extremely flexible 
easily integrated with existing systems such as oracle, sap, jd 
			edwards, etc.
user-level interfacing tool to talk to any system, standard or 
			homegrown 
both interactive and batch operation (via scripts, with script 
			recorder)




key features


the primary modules in fgs are used by all fgs users.

 demand 
			forecasting—build initial forecast models from demand history 
			data, to generate a time-phased estimate of future demand on any 
			user-defined calendar out to any horizon.  use spc techniques 
			to flag questionable forecasts.  graphically review/override 
			selected forecast models.  measure the impact of the new 
			forecast models on inventory investment.
 inventory 
			planning—calculate safety stocks (and lot quantities) required 
			to achieve service targets.  simulate alternative 
			inventory/service strategies to get the right service for the right 
			price.  optionally drive safety stock down to intermediate or 
			raw material levels.
 database—import/export 
			data from your other systems.  add your own database fields to 
			make fgs fit your processes.  query your database to learn 
			about your products' forecasts and inventory plans.  automate 
			your processes with scripts.  publish results to company-wide 
			databases.

if you don't already have a master scheduling, mrp, or drp system, 
		you can use the optional fgs modules:


replenishment planning—establish order policies to model your 
			replenishment processes.  based on your current quantities on 
			order and on hand, generate time-phased replenishment plans.  
			drive master warehouse demand based on net requirements from 
			satellite warehouses.  drive component plans down through the 
			bill of materials based on net demand from their parents.  
			action messages warn of inventory imbalances.  summarize 
			inventory projections for management. 

distribution planning—establish transfer orders to balance the 
			satellite inventory with the master inventory.  action message 
			recommend changes to the shipping plans. fair-shares allocation 
			recommends shipments. 









	 © copyright e/step software inc. 2019 

fgs-home | 
	forecasting | 
	inventory | 
	database | 
	replenishment | 
	distribution 






