
















grand junction, co | official website









  















skip to main content



























    government      services      business & development      how do i...  








 

















welcome to grand junction, co








welcome to grand junction, co






















  
 
 













 














visitors








fire








police








parks & rec










 
 
 

 










   





 
 













search







 
 
 




 














pay online








employment










 
 














gis & maps








agendas & minutes










 
 














city alerts








report a concern










 
 
 


























 














news & announcements


follow the latest headlines in grand junction
 






  
 
 















city of grand junction acquires salt flats property 


the city of grand junction has acquired the 21.78-acre "salt flats" property, marking a significant step in addressing the community’s critical need for affordable housing.						read on...







city of grand junction to offer garden in a box program 


the city of grand junction has partnered with drought response information project (drip) and resource central to provide a water conservation program.						read on...







city of grand junction opens nomination process for city council positions 


the city of grand junction opens the nomination process for four city council positions; one each for districts a, d, e, and one at-large for a four-year term. the election will be held on april 8, 2025.						read on...







grand junction parks and recreation summer camp enrollment is now open 


the city of grand junction summer camp enrollment process is now open and available online. enrolling early is important for guardians to compile all necessary documents and prepare for summer camps before registration opens on tuesday, march 4.						read on...







projects affecting traffic for the week of february 17, 2025 


projects affecting traffic for the week of february 17.						read on...







city of grand junction city council adopts 2025 budget 


the city of grand junction city council has approved the 2025 budget of $359.1 million. each year, an important part of the budget process is hearing from the community regarding priorities, programs, and services.						read on...







engagegj.org offers online platform for community input 


engagegj.org welcomes the community to share comments and ideas on a variety of city projects and plans						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














public meetings & upcoming events


mark your calendars
 






  
 
 
















butterfly pond at las colonias







colorado national monument








						1
						butterfly pond at night




						2
						rock formation








  
 



  
 








calendar

view all events











tue, feb. 18



grand junction regional airport authority





wed, feb. 19



horizon drive association business improvement district




liquor licensing authority - 2025 - february 19





thu, feb. 20



planning commission - 2025 - february 20 - workshop









mon, feb. 24



joint city council/county commission - 2025 - february 24 - meeting




gjcac - special meeting




city council - 2025 - february 24 - workshop





tue, feb. 25



gjcac - special meeting




planning commission - 2025 - february 25 - regular meeting - cancelled












/calendar.aspx



 
 
 




 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







	grand junction city hall
250 north 5th street
grand junction, co 81501
970-244-1501

 






  
 



  
 







quick links







agendas & minutes



employee portal



licenses & permits



news



pay online



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



nondiscrimination and accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















  
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









