









• home • bodycenter studios































































skip to content



























 
pilates instruction private & semi-private sessions video membership ratesteacher training book a course or workshop stott pilates® instructor training anatomy principles total barre™ core™ athletic conditioning & performance training™ zen•ga™locationabout directors instructors blog faqcontactclient log-in








 







 























welcome to bodycenter studios



established pilates studio since 1999, bodycenter studios offers private sessions and live stream group pilates classes featuring individualized workouts for all bodies whether you are a top athlete, recovering from injury, pregnant or just want to feel and move better. we are also the premier merrithew™ instructor pilates training studio in the state of washington featuring stott pilates®, total barre®, zen*ga®, core™ and halo® programming. 























for instructorsat bodycenter studios seattle, we offer current pilates instructors workshops and also offer pilates certification to those inspired to become pilates instructors.


book a course or workshop


 















new video membershipssign up for our new video membership for $35 a month. content includes barre, mat, and movement options. we will be adding new video material monthly!


become a member


 



















our approach



bodycenter’s methodology builds upon joseph pilates’ original work, incorporating contemporary knowledge of biomechanics to develop progressive exercises. 







learn more












what we offer clients



in addition to private sessions, bodycenter also offers a wide range of mat classes, massage and physical therapy services. 







learn more




















what we offer instructors



at bodycenter studios, we offer workshops for pilates instructors of any background, massage therapists, physical therapists and movement practitioners. 







learn more












blog



visit our blog for the latest news at bodycenter studios. 







view posts


















our skilled team of bodywork and movement specialists serves a broad population in the pacific northwest and beyond. from dancers to rehabilitation clients, from the curious beginner to the exercise expert, our clients return again and again. they have discovered that bodycenter provides the highest standard of pilates excellence and movement instruction in a warm, welcoming and supportive environment.
at bodycenter you, too, will enjoy the benefits of our diverse backgrounds in movement and cumulative years of practical, academic, and instruction experience. we work closely with other health experts, such as physical therapists and occupational specialists, in order to provide an optimally-integrated program. these valuable resources, conveniently situated in a beautiful and relaxing space in fremont, have made bodycenter a premier regional pilates facility.









 










phone: 206-633-4800 
new location bodycenter studios
130 nickerson st, suite 210
seattle, wa 98109



blog posts


pilates equipment for sale


club pilates looking for instructors


client spotlight: katy grainger 


 





copyright © 2025 · bodycenterstudios.com · site by webcami · log intrademark or registered trademark of merrithew corporation, used under license. content© merrithew corporation, used with permission. 
















