


  

water alert® commercial water leak detection systems


























































  





    




 
						414.282.4840						                        










products

water alert standard series

model ss
model ss-1
model ss-2
model ss-4
model ss-5
model ss-2100


water alert vandal resistant
water leak sensor cable
ceiling guard standard series


applications

server rooms
elevator pits
restrooms
storage areas
unattended areas
medical facilities
industrial facilities
labs & cleanrooms
hotels & casinos
museums
libraries
injection molding
utility structures
water chillers
airports


about
specifications
downloads
contact
catalog/pricelist 
 





products

water alert standard series
water alert vandal resistant
ceiling guard standard series
water leak sensor cable


applications
about dorlen
specifications
downloads
contact us
catalog/pricelist



 
				early warning water leak detection equipment & devices			





quick links 


catalog 


pricelist 


specifications


downloads









 



water sensor alarms
installed in over 25,000 sites in the u.s.
dorlen products inc. has supplied commercial and industrial companies with simple and reliable water leak detection equipment and water leak detection systems since 1975. dorlen manufactures 3 main product lines: water alert standard series, water alert sensor cable, and water alert ceiling guard. we also offer a vandal resistant water leak sensor designed for use in restrooms and laboratories. all of our surface leak detection products are low voltage and come with a 5 year warranty. from a single water leak detector to an advanced monitoring system, no application is too big or too small.
whey protein: health benefits and potential side effects sustanon 250 australia the split squat can improve mobility and leg strength | barbend












				leak detection systems prevent downtime, damage & business disruption		



water leak detection
water alert leak detection equipment is designed to maximize protection by having continuous monitoring 24/7. our water line leak detection equipment is easy to install. detect small leaks such as condensate water overflow, chiller water leaks, plumbing line cracks, heating/cooling piping leaks, outside seepage and more before damage and downtime occur! all our water detection devices are manufactured in the usa. our water detection systems safeguard highly valuable assets and we take that responsibility seriously. installed in over 25,000 sites across the nation, water alert’s water detection systems have proven to be the most rugged, simplest to install and longest lasting water detectors available today. learn more about our water leak detection products.




water leak alarm
the water detector alarm features vary by model. for example, the model ss provides an audible alarm when activated and should be used in applications where only a local audible alarm is desired. the model ss-1 provides local and remote water detector alarms when activated and is used in applications requiring a single detector and remote alarm which is perfect for noisy or unattended areas. the model ss-4 has no audible water detection alarm and provides isolated dry relay contacts (dpdt) which transfer and hold when activated. a water leak detection system offers protection and security. when a threat is detected you can be notified by an alarm allowing for precious time to take action quickly. learn more about these water leak detectors by downloading our catalog.







 












have a quick question for us?
		



name










email












question






















© 2025			dorlen products inc.			all rights reserved.
 
						 6615 w. layton ave. • milwaukee, wisconsin 53220 						 

			phone: 414.282.4840									 • fax: 414.282.5670						  email 




 privacy policy  •
 sitemap  •






this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.





 designed by naveo 
















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this site you accept our use of cookies.okprivacy policy







