









all natural stone & grass | landscaping supplies in tyler, tx

































































 
















skip to content
































cart



0




no products in the cart.













search for:search button






























search for:search button












cart



0




no products in the cart.



















menu 
shopstone boulders builders chopped stone flagstone all stonegrassbagged materialsbulk materialsother gift card fertilizer erosion control pine straw bender board retaining wall firewoodfor who? for contractors for homeowners for landscapersdiy helpthe family the sodfather meet the family join the family contact usaccount








 














february overstock sale 






up to 30% off moss boulders and saddlewood sawn chopped stone -- sale through end of february 2025 or while supplies lasts.











 






east texas' #1 grass dealerwe'll sell you grass & get you stone
 









shop now





sod calculator


 














 






east texas' #1  grass dealerwe'll sell you grass & get you stone
 









shop now





sod calculator


 

















custom engraving now avaiable







learn more




























fresh grass delivered dailywe make daily deliveries of grass so you can always have the freshest product possible. we sell grass by the block and are ready to reserve your order! please call 903-581-8868 or view our delivery details online.


shop now


 


















grasswe've got premium grass.
buy grass 










stoneguaranteed to get stone.
buy stone 










bulk materialsall the supplies.
buy bulk 










gift cardsgive someone the gift of grass.
give grass 


















our grass is legal in all 50 statesall natural stone and grass is the leading supplier of quality landscape materials to the east texas area. from the professional landscaper to the homebuilder, we carry all the supplies needed to complete your job. even the homeowner that is making improvements or just keeping up necessary maintenance can benefit from all we have to offer.


meet the family


 

































tools


contractorswhether you are looking for premium grass or want to get stone, we offer bulk materials at wholesale prices. for your projects, big or small, we are the dealer with the high-est quality materials. 


for contractors


 























homeownerswant to experience that home improvement high? get stone and premium grass from a dealer you can trust. with the lowest prices in the area and fresh grass daily, you can be sure your next landscaping project will have you feeling good.


for homeowners


 















































landscapersneed a supplier to take your landscaping game to the next level? we’re the dealer that sells only high quality materials at wholesale prices. partner with us and you’ll be raking in a higher quality of paper.


for landscapers


 


















tips to keep your grass freshhelpful nuggets of wisdom for your diy projects
 




















lawn disease and how to protect it


read more
















protecting your lawn from common pests


read more
















fertilizing your lawn


read more
















what to know before installing sod


read more
















how can i care for my lawn in the event of a drought?


read more
















tips for watering your lawn


read more



























all help files










 














this month's offer






you can't refuse!













 

centipede
$255.00


centipede grass is a warm-season turfgrass known for its low maintenance requirements and lush, carpet-like appearance.  characterized by its coarse texture and vibrant green color, centipede grass forms a dense, weed-resistant turf that thrives in full sun to partial shade conditions. it exhibits a slow growth habit, reducing the frequency of mowing, and features stolons, above-ground runners that contribute to its spreading nature. gardeners and homeowners appreciate centipede grass for its ability to create a visually appealing, low-maintenance lawn in areas with warm and mild climates.

 




centipede quantity


add to cart


 
 
 


































lowest prices in east texas guaranteed!* 














contactoffice: 903-581-8868
fax: 903-581-4637
12670 tx-155 south
tyler, tx 75703
info@wesellgrass.com
 










hoursmonday - friday | 8am-5pm
saturday | seasonal hours
sunday | closed
 









about







helpaboutcontact








products







helpaboutcontact














































































































© 2020 all natural stone & grass









 








×











shop now

we deliver!
delivery available monday through friday on select items.











shop sod and bulk items ready for delivery!






 









scroll to top 




























