


youguysarestupid.com: we walked across the country so you didn't have to!





































 psst... hey, click on the hole.




take action:

ø shop for stuff!

coming soon:
							- i see stupid people
							- stupid shout outs
							- prep-walk photos






























4
we are going to do did something stupid...
we're walking we walked from chicago to san francisco. 
							
							many have responded with, "you guys are stupid!" 
							some, on the other hand, have said, "wow, that's cool!" 
							either way, we hope you'll keep coming back to see what will happen next in
							our walking adventures.
							



so, who are you guys?
									we are andy, erik and john (and, for a little while, jason).  we are were in our upper twenty-somethings and live in the
									chicagoland area.  we'd be lying if we said we're the most interesting people in the world,
									but you can learn more about us as this site develops, we promise.
									

									now, we know you've got more questions, and we've
									got answers.


for those who didn't notice it before
									we do have an online store where you can buy your own stuff
									with our stupid (yet cool) logo on it!


									this is us: john, erik, and andy
									yes, we're aware
									that we're freakin'
									nuts. j








21 years later...:
                                            yes, it's been over 20 years since we completed the walk.
                                            
andy is still andy, only better, of course.
erik is married to jen and they have a daughter named wynter.
john is married to becky and they have two sons named sam and flynn.
also, john just went back to school to go from it to biology. yep.

                                            more to come.  maybe.  if you're lucky. :)
                                            otherwise, go read some journals!



									
view all updates (older updates
									have been hidden to make the page load faster)
									
									check out the photo gallery for photos taken
									while preparing for the trip as well as some totally stupid videos!  we'll
									be updating this while on the trip, but the updates will be a bit delayed,
									of course.

									don't worry, you can still contribute to our trip by buying
									youguysarestupid.com stuff at our online store. 
									get shirts, hats, undies, stickers and other stuff with our logo and/or
									web site address fashionably affixed.  if you want to buy something
									and can't find what you like at the store, please 
									let us know and we'll see if we can't find or
									make what you're looking for!

									we've choosen the american cancer society as our charity o' choice.
									all contributions will be applied to this charity with
									a small portion of proceeds used to help fund our
									trip.  check out the 
									contribute
									page for more details.

									hey, as amazingly unimportant as they might seem, the 
									random polls
									are now finally working, so vote your behind off and
									see how many other people think like you do, ya big freak!
									(if you don't see a random poll in the side bar under the
									contribute box, just refresh
									this page a few times until one appears - they are
									random, you know.)

									we've got a new 
									guestbook and you can
									sign it and everything. on the other hand, if you are
									looking for a conversation or twenty, check out the 
									new bulletin board.   
									if it doesn't work, just remember, they were both
									erik's ideas!

									the ask kevin page has become the 
									ask kev & sor page because
									we've signed on our good friend chris (also known simply
									as "hoser" or just "sor" because he is originally from
									minnesota and says "aboot" and "hoos" instead
									of "about" and "house") to work along-side kevin answering
									your questions and providing knowledge.  note: sometimes
									sor's knowledge will be random, but it tends to be true!

									the trip start date has changed (it was originally may 11th.) 
									check it out on the 
									trip info page!

									the plan is to put some highlights of the trip here on a
									very frequent basis, but as you might have figured out, the
									trip hasn't started yet, so we don't have much in the way
									of highlights!  be sure to peep down here each time
									you visit the site.  don't worry, there's tons more
									content coming to the site, we promise. 
								




we're not affiliated with 
										stupid.com, 
										but their site has an awesome amount of stupid stuff on it and, hopefully, 
										they don't mind us linking to them. 
										we would also like to thank 
										gorp.com, 
										as their site was immensely helpful in planning this crazy-fest. 
										check out their site to find out about how to do all kinds of things from 
										making spiffy camp sites to snazzy igloos.
it took a while to decide upon a domain name, but when we thought of the
										reactions to our little plan so far, youguysarestupid.com seemed to fit best.
										j
we'll have a site worthy of your full attention soon, so stay tuned if you're looking for some stupid
										entertainment!  (we apologize if it turns out to be really interesting instead of totally stupid.)



		quick links:
start |
		trip info |
		route map |
		journals |
		photo gallery |
		ask kev & sor
preparation |
		contact us |
		contribute |
		guestbook |
		bulletinboard |
		store


		cool sites:
lost luggage tales - 
		travel the world... tell your tales... real stories from insane adventures.

	



		©2025 youguysarestupid.com
		all rights reserved (you know, for future use or whatever)
		trip span: june 1, 2003 - october 18, 2003
		site development by 
		digitolle.net










 



									2/15/2025 8:02 am
*central time
home page updated:
									8/27/2024 - 
									172 days

									0 days


















											st. charles,
											
											 miles

remaining:
												 miles!


route map












 










tell us about your visit to our site by signing:






join in the chat in the:















 

















												buy stuff and show that you support us:
												


















 









want to see people who are far stupider
											than us? check these ultra-geniuses out:
											



battery testers
rated m for moronic













 









awesome companies:



merrell
footwear



mapopolis
handheld mapping solutions



camelbak
hydrate or die



aquapac
100% waterproof cases



fanatic sports
try our free fantasy football challenge!



digital forces
the perfect yard
											 
											






















