

















colorado pug rescue - improving the lives of homeless pug dogs
























 


















 

about us

about us
our mission
adoption statistics
our donors
social media


surrender a pug

surrender form


adopt a pug

adopt a pug
adoption faqs
adoption application
available pugs
owner referrals
pay adoption fee
adoption success stories
rainbow bridge


help the pugs

help the pugs
donate
donate a vehicle
foster a pug
volunteer
volunteer application
wish list
forever in our care
our current veterinarians
us pug rescue organizations


our shop
contact us

contact us
pug faqs
join our mailing list





colorado pug rescue


 








 







 
welcome
colorado pug rescue (cpr) is a licensed, all volunteer, 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to improving the welfare and quality of life of homeless pug dogs. please see our mission statement for more information.







adoptable pugs






male pugs 
click here









female pugs 
click here









fawn pugs 
click here









black pugs 
click here




















learn more about our adoption process












  application
fill out an application first
ensure you have read through all the adoption guidelines and understand the fee structure.
we will contact you after receiving your application.






















  pug-readiness eval

ready to adopt?
read the faq
fill out the application
we will review the application and get back to you soon.





















<< older entries




2025 calendar! 
the winners and runners up in colorado pug rescue’s sixteenth annual photo contest appear on the pages of this glossy 8 1/2 x 11″ wall calendar. the calendars are $20 apiece plus tax and postage. all proceeds go to colorado pug rescue for the medical care of our foster pugs. go here to order.

king soopers cards so far in 2024, 175 households have triggered nearly $4,800 in donations to colorado pug rescue. the donations cost them nothing. they simply linked their king soopers, city market, or other kroger loyalty card to colorado pug rescue. a portion of the total transaction amount for every linked card is donated to us. won’t you join them? for sign up information, please visit www.kingsoopers.com/i/community/community-rewards

spark good walmart.com customers and walmart app users can choose to round up their purchase total to the nearest dollar at checkout for a donation to colorado pug rescue through the walmart spark good program. to participate, please sign up and select us here.







						upcoming events					






					there are no upcoming events.					







volunteer! volunteer to help with a variety of tasks and/or to be a foster home. please click here for more information.

cpr volunteers if you are a cpr volunteer, click here to access the forms and documents you need.

 
  

home • about us • adopt a pug • help the pugs • pug events • pug fun • contact us • sitemap





















