










home - pacific palisades chamber of commerce




















































  

















skip to content








































member login





































menu 
homeabout mission the board past chairs staff history photo gallerymembership join membership levels reasons to join member directory chairman’s club friends of the chamberevents events calendarpalibu view advertising rates issuesour town about palisades honorary mayors community resourcesjoin








 















 
welcome to the malibu pacific palisades chamber 


 
 


 
 


 
 






























the malibu pacific palisades chamber of commerce is an active community of business owners working hard to bring new ideas that will help our members and the palisades thrive. the purpose of this website is to serve as a valuable resource to learn about the great businesses and talented business people in our town. this website can also help you discover the many things that make this community so very special.
some of the many helpful things you can find on this website are:

















					event calendar				








					member directory				








					join the chamber				








					member benefits				

































mark your calendar










view all events



































 
latest news 
we are excited to announce the launch of our brand new website! features will allow you to customize and update your business profile as often as you like and save a credit card on file for your dues payments, tickets to networking events, and sponsorship opportunities!
 












 
get involved 
easy ways to get involved with the chamber.....attend networking breakfasts and evening mixers, host a mixer at your restaurant, or sponsor a breakfast and show off what you do! become a chairman's club sponsor and receive exposure on all our eblasts and large events throughout the year!
 












 
experience palisades 
whether you are a local business owner or looking to increase your presence in the community, it is important to realize the uniqueness of our town. a small coastal neighborhood on the westside of los angeles, the palisades offers an upscale feel while keeping its small town charm alive. it is also nestled in a gorgeous setting, between the mountains and the sea, where residents enjoy hiking, biking, and surfing alike. the many parks and outdoor spaces like the village green provide welcoming areas for kids, adults, and families to congregate.
 




























not a member? join today!










 












© 2025 pacific palisades chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












#palichamber




















malibu pacific palisades chamber of commerce
(310) 456-9025
ceo@mppcc.org









































 © 

 pacific palisades chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















