



hugo barclay gallery


























welcome to the hugo barclay gallery website 
        -
        individual jewellery, glass, ceramics and more...
      by the foremost contemporary makers in the uk.
since 1974 i have been showing and selling the work of makers whose work is individually 
        conceived and made — one of the longest established galleries in 
        the country of this type.
 i have now retired from running 
        the gallery in brighton. please see the news page for further details.
 much of the information in this site will be retained 
        as an archive record of the gallery up to 2001.









about this site
use the navigation 
        bar to reach other parts of the site -


 

 
past exhibitions


 

 
interactive virtual 
            reality!


 

 
featured artists


 

 
latest news


 

 
other sites of interest


 

 
 send comments or suggestions 


this site is optimised for microsoft internet 
        explorer, mozilla firefox and mac osx safari. other browser types may display different 
        results. to view this site properly, your browser should support frames, 
        tables, progressive jpeg files and javascript. to view the gallery tour 
        and large images your browser must have javascript enabled. as it is a fairly image-intensive 
        site, we recommend using at least high-colour (16 bit) display. the images 
        are optimised for a colour-contrast (gamma) balanced monitor and may look 
        dark on an uncalibrated pc display.




loss of the navigation toolbar
we use a navigation toolbar in its own frame 
        for navigation.  in certain circumstances it is possible to lose 
        the toolbar - for instance if you drag a text link in microsoft internet 
        explorer (versions before 4.0). if this happens, just click the 'home' 
        text link at the bottom of any page on the site and the 
        toolbar will be reloaded.



home 
            • exhibitions • gallery 
            tour • features • news 
            • links • feedback



© hugo barclay 1997 - 2014





