







firefly lighting home























































              home
            



                portfolio
              



                shop
              



              about
            



                firefly projects
              



                contact us
              















              home
            



                portfolio
              



                shop
              



              about
            



                firefly projects
              



                contact us
              


















firefly lightingwe design beautiful, handcrafted metalwork.view our work





firefly lighting offers custom handcrafted ironwork lighting, furniture, gates and architectural elements. we use new mexico artisans expert in old world metalworking techniques to create distinctive metalwork for the home, museums, hotels, commercial and public buildings. 













residentialwe can create that special lamp, chandelier, gate or fireplace screen for your home.  we have a selection of furniture designs which will make your home stand out!













commercial design is important to express how you want your customers to percieve you, and with our custom fixtures and furniture, you can share your aesthetic with artisan style and panache.













hospitality our experience working with the best architects and builders in the hospitality industry will help you get the custom crafted look you want done on time and within budget.












artisan lighting





custom metalwork lighting is our specialty!

 

firefly lighting has been creating specatcular custom lighting for homes, business, and the hospitality industry for over twenty years.  our chandeliers, sconces, and specialty lighting incorporates our distintive style with other artisan glass, ceramic and painting to make your home and business unique. 

 







































our artisan furniture makes a statement, your statement!

 

firefly's artisans bring a touch of handcrafted mastery to custom furniture. we work with you, your designer, builder or architect to create the perfect look for your space.  join the many custom home owners, builders, architects, designers and the hospitality industry in working with firefly lighting to design furniture to perfect your look. 

 








































custom gates, rails and fences





let your entrance make a statement with our gaits and fences.

 

our gates are  works of art, incorporating utility and creativiety to make a statement as guests enter your home. we carefully hand craft every bar, curve, and plant or animal on your design.  we can add glass, ceramic, wood or clay to your design.......

 






























custom ironwork





we can create custom ironwork for your home or business.

 

sometimes you need that special custom work for your home or business.  at firefly our artisans can make custom ironwork for your needs, whether it is a window, door, firescreen, or any other creative metalwork for your needs. 

 










































back to top
firefly lighting, 17715 b us 84-285, santa fe nm 87506, united states505 455 2835ltngbug@aol.com


created by white wolf web design








