






east haddam public schools |


































































parents  |  students  |  staff  |  community













east haddam public schools








home
about us

our district
our schools
administration & staff
board of education


school info

curriculum
family resource center
preschool
registration & immunizations
special education
vo-tech education


schools

east haddam elementary
nathan hale-ray middle school
nathan hale-ray high school


events

calendar
news


departments

business services
food services
health services
human resources
student support services
technology
transportation


helpful resources

faq
our community
parentsquare
school libraries
web links
website accessibility


contact us
parent resources
student resources
staff resources
community resources










 















our schools










east haddam elementary school








nathan hale-ray middle school








nathan hale-ray high school











east haddam schools
welcome to east haddam public schools! our district, located in moodus, east haddam, connecticut, serves 1,000 kindergarten through 12th-grade students. we also offer a smart start preschool program that focuses on preparing young children for kindergarten.
please take some time to get to know our schools and administrative staff. we offer a variety of programs and services to support our students and take great pride in developing lifelong learners to succeed in life after high school.

district vision
east haddam is a district of distinction where educators value student success, family outreach, and the power of accountable collective efficacy. we develop student passions, knowledge, and civic mindedness, we ensure a nurturing, dynamic learning community where communication thrives, students excel, rigorous instruction is the norm, and the children’s developmental needs are heeded. we believe in the power of not yet and reject ceilings so that students can soar. we love equitably and cultivate an environment where every student feels valued, supported, and empowered to persist through adversity.

2024-2025 board of education budget
the 2024–2025 budget passed at referendum. thank you for supporting our schools!
for full details regarding the 2024–2025 board of education budget, please visit our business services page.

a message from our superintendent
november 11, 2024
dear staff and families,
today we came together to honor veterans and to thank them for their service. at each of our schools, students engaged with veterans in meaningful ways. from opening ceremonies and classroom discussions to interactive presentations and shared meals, these moments allowed us to connect with and learn from those who dedicated themselves to serving our country.
these events not only highlighted the significance of veterans day, but they also provided the opportunity for us to collectively acknowledge the deep gratitude to all men and women of our armed forces, past and present. on behalf of the entire school community, thank you to everyone who was instrumental in organizing today’s memorable events.
i would like to also extend our heartfelt thanks to all the parents and families who contributed to making our veterans day tributes special. your generosity and support played an essential role in honoring our veterans. i would also like to personally thank the students who wrote special poems, included below.
with a grateful heart,

teresa debrito

dr. teresa debritosuperintendent of schools

the great beauty poem
the great beautyby oliva skuby
the great beautythat flies through the skythe great beautythat who we honor, day and night
the red color catches my eyeit represents valorhardiness,and the blood of our ancestors
she means hopeshe gives me hopespreads love and prosperitythrough everyone who sees her
the great beautyits fabric soars in the air,the great beautywho speaks to everyone, everywhere
the sun glistens off the white streamit represents purity, innocence,and the grace we live by
the beating suncauses my eyes to squintyet i still look upat the symbol of my freedom
the great beautywho i will always supportthe great beautywho i will always fight for
the deep blue huethat represents vigilance,perseverance,and justice.
what the flag representswhat veterans fight forwho veterans fight forthey are the ones who protect us
the great beautywhose wings soarthe great beautythe one we have fought for
the stars i countone by one50 for each stateeach state that veterans have helped protect
you have all risked your livesfor everyone here todaymoms and dadsdaughters and sons
the great beautythat flies through the skythe great beautythat who we honor, day and night

for all american people poem
for all american peopleby anonymous middle school student
veterans—you give your all every dayrisking your lives, you’re so bravehow can we thank you in any wayyou’ll see the light through the gray
your courage is relentless and truewith our colors red, white, and bluewith your sacrifice our freedom grewfor all american people, not only a few
today on veterans day we take timeto remember and reflect and even to rhymeabout how your service helped our country climband we will hear the bells of freedom chime

superintendent letter archives
archived messages
missed an important letter? you can find previous letters from our superintendent—and other educational leaders—below.

november 11, 2024, superintendent’s letter
october 2024 school safety letter
september 16, 2024, board chair’s letter
september 15, 2024, superintendent’s letter
september 4, 2024, superintendent’s letter
august 28, 2024, superintendent’s letter






upcoming events












latest news







follow us on social media

jun 1, 2023stay connected by following us on social media.










 










east haddam public schools





1 plains road, moodus, ct 06469boe: 860-873-5090 | fax: 860-873-5092







©2025 | site designed and maintained by school webmasters



 




 


×








strategic plan survey
the east haddam board of education is beginning the process of developing a comprehensive strategic plan. the first step is seeking input from the community. the survey questions provide a wide scope of factors to be considered during this process. your participation in this survey is an important step toward building a viable strategic plan.
thank you!










 
 














































 



