







	
online casino - silver sands offers you an €1000  welcome bonus for free! - silver sands casino - since 1999!





























“play at the best of the best online now!”
“www.silversandscasino.com”





currency   €




                                            zar (r)


                                            eur (€)


                                            ngn (₦)












toggle navigation








home
instant play
free download
promotions
banking
support
affiliates

























 download
      mobile   
 instant play





 progressive jackpots:

                    aztecs millions  | 
jackpot pinatas  | 
let'em ride  | 
megasaur  | 
shopping spree ii  | 
spirit of the inca 







promotions at your favorite online casino
















new signup promo 2024

										200% sign up bonus deposit €10 or more and get 200% bonus up to €100 t&c apply this offer can be redeemed once per player wagering x30












€20 absolutely free

										get €20 absolutely free on us, no deposit required to enjoy a world of quality entertainment and and excitement games!












special skrill offer

										we offer you our 100% skrill deposit bonus. deposit using skrill and we will give you 100% bonus and 50 free spins on cash bandits.












super slots tournaments

										with our incredible new slots tournaments you can play slots against other players, and the top players who score the highest number of points win the prizes with a monetary value!













 latest winners:













1.
 download
download our secure software.



2.
 create your username
simply register an account. you’ll be playing in minutes!



3.
 claim your deposit bonus
get your deposit reward.







download software!








let us help you
about us
faqs
contact us
deposit methods


feel safe with us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
disclaimer


responsible gaming
overview
basic principles
contact
































silversandscasino.com offers the best slots, tables and video poker games available online today. with an incredibly diverse range of games to choose from, and some of the biggest payouts on the net, why go anywhere else ever again! download now to experience online gaming in your very own home!silversandscasino.com is owned and operated by paxson marketing ltd, registration number: 27033bc2023, registered address: suite 305, griffith corporate centre, kingstown, st vincent and the grenadines. contact us silversandscasino.com is licensed and regulated by the government of the autonomous island of anjouan, union of comoros and operates under license no. alsi-102404011-fi3. payments are processed by paxson marketing ltd - 21b, achilleos, nicosia, cyprus.silversandscasino.com has passed all regulatory compliance and is legally authorized to conduct gaming operations for any and all games of chance and wagering.

only players above 18 are permitted to play our games.
© 2010 silversandscasino.com  all rights reserved.
















silver sands online casino south africa - since 1999 has offered highest quality online casino games, and a massive welcome bonuses, as well as free money! play now at our casino today!"



