





home | bostrom seating
bostrom seating














































































about us
literature
news
contact us











home
products

seats

wide ride+
wide ride core
pro ride
patriot sd
t-series

t-series
t-compressor


baja


suspensions
fitting kits
parts


where to buy

dealer locations
buy direct


community
about us
literature
news
contact us
 
















truck-tough™  adaptor plate kit
a compact adaptor kit designed to allow a wide range of our top selling bostrom hipro air suspension seats to fit into multiple makes and models. (see fitment guide for complete list)
shop now







truck-tough floor liners
available for purchase now through your local bostrom distributor or at aftermarkettruckparts.com.
find a dealer






the new american workhorse
​​for those long hours on the road, the patriot series offers a wide platform seat with plenty of room to sit comfortably.
learn more about the refuse seats






bostrom+ redefining comfort
we have redefined premium seating for professional drivers, just like we did with the original wide ride.
explore the wide ride+






the wide ride core smarter than ever
the “core” provides superior ridequality for drivers of all  sizes with our ultra-comfortable wide ride seat design. 
find out more






ultimate comfort enjoy the journey
specialists in comfort and innovation since 1935, bostrom seating offers a range of stylish seating options.
the bostrom difference






bostrom seating configure your seat
you have the freedom to fully customize and configure your seat for unparalleled comfort and support on the open road.
configure now













makeamerican lafranceautocarblue birdchevroletfordfreightlinergmchinoic businternationalisuzukenworthlionmackmitsubishi fusopeterbiltsterlingthomas builtvolvowestern star 



model




year




find your vehicle


proudly made in the usa since 1935
bostrom products are proudly made in piedmont, al usa. with roots that date back to 1935, bostrom is an american truck icon supporting the north american truck industry. while our core operations are in the usa, we draw on our global seating experience and operations to determine where common needs, products, and lessons can help us deliver better products. our industry leading r&d facilities and in house testing provide the continuous technical feedback to ensure our products are built better tomorrow than they are today in terms of features, durability, and bottom line value to you.





find a store

we have an extensive network of stores around the country.
learn more




news

stay up to date on all news from bostrom seating including press releases, new product...
learn more

 


customer service 1-800-459-7328






© 2025 commercial vehicle group, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use | made by jetpack



"*" indicates required fields

this field is hidden when viewing the formwishlist url*your name*your email*

to email*

subjectmessage
  






















































