







beyond the ordinary – all about healthy living




























































home
authors

dr. david hawkins
lynne mctaggart
dr. joe dispenza
dr. amit goswami


topics

career
emotions
health
personal growth
psychology
relationship
spirituality


about me
contact me












i write with the purpose to spread light and knowledge about various aspects of life. 











 i believe that the spiritual growth of an individual is essential, and one should be looking forward to it in a more comprehensive way than ever. the world is in your hands, and therefore, all you need is a boundless desire to explore it. 











who am i 










i write for the community, which is comprised of the common people.my main motive is to write about the practical details of life that go unnoticed and un-nurtured so that people become aware of the same. this, in turn, will make them aware of themselves, and the surrounding.my blogs are based on positive thinking, spiritual growth, and inner engineering of the self.   






about me











eminent authors and scientists i know 














dr. david hawkins 







lynne mctaggart 











dr. joe dispenza 







dr. amit goswami 















my latest posts 
















                        read our blog posts below                    
 







 



 

beyond the ordinary,emotions,relationship,spirituality,topics 

building a stronger relationship through spiritual bond


bybeyond the ordinary 

 
					08/29/2019				


beyond the ordinary,emotions,relationship,spirituality,topics




							when spirits of souls intertwine and create a connection between folks in the inner circle or family; and outer circle or friends; there is bound to be a cultivation of understanding that not only...						




read more 









 



 

beyond the ordinary,emotions,health,personal growth,topics 

living healthier by maintaining positive thoughts


bybeyond the ordinary 

 
					07/29/2019				


beyond the ordinary,emotions,health,personal growth,topics




							a healthy lifestyle is achieved, only when you want to keep your mind and body in a balanced condition. owing to the fact that both your mental and physical self are inter-related and inter-dependent...						




read more 









 



 

beyond the ordinary,career,psychology,topics 

making tasks easier by building healthy thoughts


bybeyond the ordinary 

 
					06/29/2019				


beyond the ordinary,career,psychology,topics




							healthy thoughts are keys to a healthy lifestyle. it makes every day-to-day task easier to accomplish leading to a happier self. furthermore, you will find yourself in a better position than everyone...						




read more 






12













supporting & giving a thought... 











bbcpie is the newest production that just debuted in 2020. it features nothing but the best 4k quality action with interracial creampies. performed by hung black guys and sexy white girls it’s something you really need to see. not only because it’s free but because it’s so hot! head to bbcpie.org for free clips. 







we all love a body relaxation, right? being on this website we all know how to calm our mind and how to relax but as we say – it’s always good to sneak peek on other methods. there are  always things to learn. this is the thing with all girl massage, where lesbian massage parlor fantasies are made real. this series, that debuted back in 2012 is still the only one worth following as it updates up until this very day. 







something new for lovers of contrast kind of entertainment. when we say contrast we definitely mean body size difference and with fun size boys you can actually see it. so what’s so special about this kind of videos? just imagine two (or more!) guys with huge difference in body build having fun together!  







mommy’s boy is the newest project created by adult time studio. the series name should ring a bell as it’s hardcore version of famous mommy’s girl series. this time it’s care time for boys. and it’s about time they become men – thanks to mommy’s care. watch these experienced women doing their tricks to seduce and use young, naive dudes. 







accidental gangbang series is the newest addition to the ever-growing library of adult time’s entertainment. watch group actions with a storyline in 4k quality. all genders, all kind of mixups! 







property sex is all about making deals happen. in real estate business there is no place and time for messing around. or is there? watch these realtors taking things into their hands when sealing the deal is crucial. 











supporting & giving a thought... 











transsensual is the place to be if sensual story driven ts videos are you kink. watch the most beautiful models having all gender fun with both men and women in this no limits series. 






transsensual - https://sensualits.com











my pervy family is your place for twisted family fantasies. watch step family members engage in all kind of sexual configurations with peeps they live under one roof with! 






my pervy family - https://familyperverts.com











filthy family is yet another approach to the step family fun. this time there is no doubt about the goal all members of those want to reach. watch the magic happen! 






filthy family - https://familyfilths.com











dfxtra is the place to be when it comes to interracial fun. dogfart’s iconic brands are in their new home and you are invited to be the part of community! 






dfxtra - https://dfartz.com











girls only porn proves that girls can have their own playground. no boys allowed and they are ready for action with one goal only – to achieve enormous orgasms. 






girls porn only -https://girlesonly.com










 
 





copyright © 2019 beyond the ordinary. all rights reserved.



 




















