


 the uniform girls present sexy stocking secretaries


























join
members
support
member preview
streaming videos
links
videos












click
            here to add sexy secretaries to your favorite sites












if
            you are reading this, you have probably been pretty frustrated trying to find real
            secretary uniform sites on the internet.  most are girls in plastic nurse's uniforms,
            fake police uniforms, and sex store maids. you have just arrived at the best secretary
            site on the net featuring real girls in real suits.  we have secretaries,
            receptionists, stewardesses, school girls, nurses, and all in real uniforms.  
            they will raise their skirts, let you crawl under their skirts, show off their lingerie,
            play with their panties and show off their panty lines for you.  they cross their
            legs and display their stocking tops and let you peek at their garter straps.  just
            the sexiest real secretaries on the net.


















ashley - sexy
                secretary






picture preview - click here






















sexy secretary ashley is a
                    vision in polka dots. she told us she had been given some vintage panties she just adores
                    and wondered if we would like a peek. who were we to turn down such a rare offer from such
                    a rare beauty?

click here to see all 68
                    photos











mary - sexy secretary






picture preview - click here






















pretty secretary mary asked us if we thought her skirt was a little too
                    short. she says that her stocking tops show when she crosses her legs. we told her that
                    that was what made stockings interesting.

click here to see all 95
                    photos











bonny - school girl






picture preview - click here





















bonny is such a pretty schoolgirl. her uniform is so proper and she looks
                    so sweet. it's hard to imagine her in such sexy underwear. hard but fun.

click here to see all 85 photos



















susan - secretary






picture preview - click here






















sexy secretary susan was perplexed when she dressed for work today.  
                    pantyhose or stockings?  she wasn't quite sure, so she wore both...






click here to see all 98 photos









ashley - sexy school
                girl






picture preview - click here






















school's out for pretty longhaired ashley and aren't we delighted. 
                    it seems her college has let her out a little early for being such a good girl. 






click here to see all 88 photos









jenny - sexy secretary






picture preview - click here






















it seems pretty secretary jenny had a bit of a wardrobe malfunction at
                    work.  she dressed in such a hurry that she didn't notice that her skirt is just a
                    little too short.







click here to see all 74
                photos










more
            free photos



seams familiar
stocking tops
nostalgic glamour


sheer and
            sexy
legwomen
            the sexiest stocking sites

elise erotic
classic nylon
                stockings












        membership has its rewards
        sign up for my free newsletter and be eligible for discounts on everything from
        memberships to videos.  these rewards are only for newsletter subscribers, so join
        now. 



fill out your email address
              to receive the stocking and slip girls newsletter!


















