

the biggest little christian journal in the world is your way to learn bible truth for all issues in life.








blessed 
quietnessjournaleditor 
in chief: jesus christ managing editor: 
steve van nattancontributing writers: maybe you !big 
bend national monument, texasclick 
the off ramp signs below  
to enter the biggest little journal on earth:ignorance..... 
the deadly refugethe 
folly of choosing ignorance as a refuge in the 21st century- four part series

the mystery 
of godlinessdo 
we help one another become more godly, or do we thoughtlessly nag and nanny 
each other?by 
steve van nattan 

romance restoredbring 
it on home, sira study of the death of romance in society but especially in 
marriageby 
steve van nattan
tell 
me there's a heavenwhere 
do babies go who die, to heaven or to hell?by 
steve van nattanmore 
recent articles
article 
codes for the off ramps > >a- 
    individual 
article linktc- this is sub-table of contents         page 
to related topics.you 
have nearly 2000 articles to choose from.  search 
this journalcopy and paste the 
url below into a new tab.type a space, and then the key word you want to to 
search.site:blessedquietness.com your 
key word  what 
happens here?
1 kings 
19:13 and it was so, when elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his 
mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. and, behold, 
there came a voice unto him, and said, what doest thou here, elijah? 14 
and he said, i have been very jealous for the lord god of hosts.....may 
we soon be able to say this.   why?the 
christian apologist is not thought to also be 
a conservative christian. bible believers who think too much are often jackbooted 
out the front door of the church house because they intimidate weak 
pastors. so, the average saint learns to avoid contemplation. he has no metanarrative. 
the 
christian life is full of questions. these are ultimately answered 
by the bible, the only absolute authority in christian apologetics.now, 
apologetics and biblical orthodoxy are not all there is. the 
biblical christian also needs to learn about moral 
issues and christian responses. bible 
prophecy demands answers. there is a need for distraction and a merry 
heart. the christian homemaker 
is looking for christian ideas to answer the world's ideas.finally, 
with world chaos and rampant social depravity in the masses, as well as the high 
minded elite, it is essential to keep a watch on the 
world at large.it 
is all here and more. honest, with nearly 2000 articles on countless topics, you 
will find discussion which answers questions you have, and, i promise, something 
that you disagree with.steve 
aims to serve the wicked as well as the bible believer. to the bible believer, 
edification and comfort-- to the wicked, agitation and a big jab in the conscience. 
i like it like that !! from fighting fundamentalist 
bible thumpers to the catholic church 
to define what is witchcraft to msg 
to humor to a quiet 
place for you to be still with god..... what are you looking for friend?you 
might have found it here.   we 
are bigotswe 
have no third way.....no gray areaezekiel 
44:23 and they shallteach my people the differencebetween the holy and 
profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean.24 
and in controversy they shallstand in judgment; and they shalljudge it 
according to my judgments... fairlife 
is not fair. nor do we care a whit if you think we are not fair. we will not give 
the world your opinion on anything if we feel that you are a violator of bible 
based christian teaching.nor 
will we delete something that you do not like just because you are part of the 
problem we are discussing. deal with it ad 
infinitum: blessed 
quietness journal is a ministry of the van nattan family and their friends. 
everything 
on all their web pages and the cd is copyrighted © 1997 - 2010. you 
may print out only online articles for friends if you do not alter the content 
and include credit to the author or this web site. republishing 
without permission is theft. if 
you would like to post an article from this journal, send mail to me using this 
email address please.ad 
policy: steve van nattan does not ever endorse advertisers on this journal. 
click at your own risk. please report anytime clicking an ad here results in malware 
issues. send mail  contact 
informationemail, 
phone, and address                                                      --------= take 
an off ramp to 2000 artlcles in this journal
 
 blessed 
quietness journal entry portal- 
tcfind latest headlines and massive 
entry portal to all articles and controversy
general 
wickedness- 
tcno quarter givenno diplomatic 
immunity 
asymmetric christianwarfare - 
tclearn to do battle with satan 
and hisheretical servants. associated 
blogquiet 
place- 
tcescape 
the rat race. find some peace of mind. be my guest. people who hate me never go 
here because i am too nice. wickedness 
at the church house- 
tcwe talk about jack boot preachers, 
cults, dudes in the pulpit, etcmuch 
assurance- 
tcdo not let 
jackboot preachers rob you of your assurance in christ.the 
great tribulation- aseven years of hell on earth caused by 
extreme human and satanic behaviorthe 
culture- 
tcthe 
king james bible used to examine cultural trendshouse 
church resources- 
tcstart a house church-- escape 
dead mega churches the 
pagan cult of christmas- 
tcno holds barred. the pagan nature of xmass esposedbible 
study articles ontimely issues- 
tcwhat is the king james bible 
teaching you and me?king 
james bible- 
tcdefended and exalted as theonly word of god in 
englishsteve's 
book**who is allah?six years 
of research showing that allah and jehovah are not the same.war 
room- 
tcthe 
journal base related to the war room blog at the rightprophecy- 
tcbible 
teachers have stopped talking about prophecy not here !!moral 
issues- 
tcexposing the profane and the 
holy in church and the worldstrong 
delusion- 
tc god is attacking worldand religious leaders
steve's 
yarns- tcgrowing up and serving 
god in africa, the usa, & texas
mary's 
blog-the cotton apron- 
tcthis is mary stephens, steve van nattan's daughter's, web 
site the 
gospel- 
tcwithout 
tricks and unpatented-- no 
"plan," just the biblepiano 
repair and tuning *great 
source to repair your own piano and buy tools and partsafrican 
music- 
a kenya, tanzania, uganda-- 1970s style-- 
christian choir singinghome 
maker's
corner- 
tcmary's page for keepers at home and homeschoolgood 
books- 
tc from 
public domain and otherwisemusic 
page
english and swahilicoffee 
fun- 
a  all about the lovely bean-- 
roasting guidehill 
country piano tuning-texassteve tunes pianos in central 
texas. 
what 
do we believe ?- 
athis is a different twist on the classic "doctrinal statement."
.....if.....- 
a what 
would steve do if he had your problem? .............send mailhealth 
issues- 
tcjournal articles on health issues, exposing 
medial myths and pointing you to alternatives to big pharma. editor..... 
steve's bio- 
a texasi 
was not born here, but i got here as fast as i could.shirley 
god- 
a the ultimate inclusive god for 
drunks, perverts, and political christians        to 
support this work:
 1 
timothy 5:18 for the scripture saith, thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth 
out the corn. and, the labourer is worthy of his reward.  bueno, 
bonito, barato this 
site is my former business- now operated by keith akins in the "u.p." 
of michigan.learn to repair and tune your own piano and buythe parts and 
tools to do the work.       tell 
a friend
 
 
 

emails 
come in regularly from people who were helped at this journal. you can 
greatly enlarge our outreach by giving us a link at your web site, or 
tell a friend in social media.     steve's 
blogs: balaam's 
ass speaks balaam's ass has moved to texas 
and is still talking back to heretics and hirelings.this is my most active 
blog. good 
soldier enduring hardnessyou survived hardness 
in the past-- get ready for more hard times.earnestly 
contend for the faiththe 
emphasis here is contention,that is, getting 
in the face of the wicked.shuffling 
toward armageddonthe world is descending into chaos. 
entropy is driving all nations to the middle east for war. we cannot 
let this stampede define our lives.the 
delusion was strongwe 
look for the deluded masses so that wecan avoid their folly.heavenly 
derisioni, 
steve van nattan, approve of all that god does, and, i fully intend to 
make zealous derision of any of you slobs out there who make mockery of 
god.war 
roomkeep informed of the battle and 
our adversaries in christendomtexas 
hill countryi finally made it back to texas."back" 
because my momwas born here.expatriate 
wogwelcoming "natives" 
and former colonial civil servants, andmissionaries, from the old british 
empire.bibi 
matata"lady 
trouble" is the literal translation.this is a satire page about african 
issues for africans.takataka 
ni mapesaa tutorial in turning trash 
to treasurewith an emphasis on kenya, tanzania, and ugandabaled 
haysatire, old and new.... ready 
to load and haulunmedicated 
idiota reader kindly informed me that i was,".....an 
unmedicated idiot."spell checkers of the world- untiei introduce 
you to other such idiots :-)hot 
black coffeeall things regarding 
the blessed brewmedical 
bites from texasmedical myths, and 
alternative researched medical options..history 
for homeschoolershistory shorts for christian 
studentshaji 
allaha blog showing the mongrel 
nature of islam and the glorious hope in jesus christthy 
confidencewe are commanded to "cast 
not away thy confidence." i try to help you keep it. powerful 
chapters in the biblechapter 
studies are more reliable than verse studies because the context is found 
better.old 
testament timesbible history with observationsnew 
testament timessimilar to old testament 
timesthe 
wee placesthe white race media totally 
ignores the rest of the world. let's fix that. send 
mail                       \                           
 
  
             
   

