     bellevue honda dealer in bellevue wa | renton newcastle issaquah honda dealership washington                                                  















honda auto center of bellevue







main
425-373-5247



sales
425-223-3441

service
425-373-5560

parts
425-373-5247


13291 se 36th st
bellevue, wa 98006-1328
                       







service







map







hour







contact





















honda auto center of bellevue




      call 425-373-5247   directions    

                 new   search inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   we want your car   2024 honda model research    2025 honda model research   vehicle improvement program   honda service pass   honda tech tutor   virtual showroom   2024 honda prologue     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   we want your car   why buy used   honda certified program   certified pre-owned benefits   honda true certified benefits   find my car     specials   finance and lease specials   ev/hybrid specials   new 2023 specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   military offer   honda graduate program   manufacturer incentives     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   secure finance document upload   payment calculator   end of lease return center   trade appraisal     service   request an appointment   service department   express service   maintenance minder   tire center   honda tech tutor   honda recalls   honda service pass     parts    parts    order parts   unlock radio code   unlock navigation code   honda dreamshop     about us   about us   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   honda how-to video library   honda pact   review us   careers   carreras   sales department   update contact info   washington trails association   findley echols racing   building a stronger community   accessibility   consumer request portal     our blog                   home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   we want your car   2024 honda model research    2025 honda model research   vehicle improvement program   honda service pass   honda tech tutor   virtual showroom   2024 honda prologue     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   we want your car   why buy used   honda certified program   certified pre-owned benefits   honda true certified benefits   find my car     specials   finance and lease specials   ev/hybrid specials   new 2023 specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   military offer   honda graduate program   manufacturer incentives     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   secure finance document upload   payment calculator   end of lease return center   trade appraisal     service   request an appointment   service department   express service   maintenance minder   tire center   honda tech tutor   honda recalls   honda service pass     parts    parts    order parts   unlock radio code   unlock navigation code   honda dreamshop     about us   about us   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   honda how-to video library   honda pact   review us   careers   carreras   sales department   update contact info   washington trails association   findley echols racing   building a stronger community   accessibility   consumer request portal     our blog             









honda auto center of bellevue
washington's #1 volume honda dealer
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






      search new inventory     search used inventory        




pre-owned
see our pre-owned honda inventory
view inventory







service
schedule your next appointment today.
schedule service







specials
check out our latest special offers.
view specials



         our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory                                                                                                                                                                           


not every certified used vehicle program is created equal. our program includes many benefits that a private seller or other programs just can't match, like a comprehensive process for delivering a level of accuracy, transparency and peace of mind unmatched in the industry. 
search certified

       

honda auto center of bellevue
trusted new & used car dealer serving seattle & renton, wa drivers
turn to honda auto center of bellevue for all of your sales, finance & maintenance needs
our family-owned new and used bellevue, washington, honda dealership is here to provide all of our seattle neighbors with a customized trade-in, purchase and service process, so contact us no matter what your automotive needs may be; our knowledgeable staff can assist! we offer extensive business hours that make it easy to find a time to visit us, as well as an interactive honda auto center of bellevue website so that motorists can shop our resources from the comfort of their home.
learn more about your new or used honda options with help from our auto sales department and don't hesitate to stop by our vehicle finance center while you're here if you'd like to hear about the competitive loan rates you can put to use. if you're looking to maintain your current vehicle, our team can assist with that too, as we have dedicated service and parts centers. feel free to learn more about us right here on our website before making your way over to see us. we look forward to treating you to the hassle-free process you deserve, all while exceeding your expectations!
more about us


stay in touch
                      

     


sales hours     monday 8:30am - 8:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 8:00pm    friday 8:30am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 7:00pm    
          

our mission to strengthen our bonds in the community and provide everyone who comes through our doors with exceptional service has been going on for more than four decades. when you come in for a visit, you'll see that our commitment to giving drivers in our area the best remains unchanged.

honda auto center of bellevue: serving our neighbors since 1980
our mission to strengthen our bonds in the community and provide everyone who comes through our doors with exceptional service has been going on for more than four decades. when you come in for a visit, you'll see that our commitment to giving drivers in our area the best remains unchanged.



award-winning customer service



we're proud of the high level of excellence our team achieves, and we're always striving to improve the experience we give our customers. our ability to earn accolades like being the state's highest-volume honda dealership for 43 consecutive years is built on a foundation of honest, courteous service.




honda vehicles you're sure to love

cr-v

the cr-v is right at the top of its class when it comes to all-terrain capability. real-time awd balances the power distributed between your four wheels with perfect precision to maximize your traction and control.


hr-v

another superb suv in the honda lineup, the hr-v has the versatility needed to rise to any challenge your busy life throws at you. the elegant dashboard keeps all the controls you need within easy reach, while the body-stabilizing seats enhance the comfort you get on the road.


civic

the civic brings plenty of style and sporty performance to the road, so you get the best of both form and function. the bose premium audio system lets you create the perfect soundtrack to set the mood for your travels.




accord hybrid

bringing together the class and elegance of the accord with the efficiency of a hybrid, the accord hybrid sets the bar for fun, eco-friendly driving. the 204-horsepower hybrid powertrain maximizes fuel efficiency with electric power without sacrificing the excitement you crave.


pilot

you'll be riding in comfort and style when you make the pilot your next suv of choice. seating for up to eight with available leather-trimmed seats and an available leather-wrapped steering wheel create a high-end cabin that feels like a dream to ride in.




service and financing

taking care of your ride

trust us to provide the maintenance and repairs your vehicle needs to continue delivering optimal performance for years to come. with master-certified technicians on our staff, you can count on us to give you quality auto care so you can make the most out of your vehicle ownership experience.


expediting your financing process

helping you get out on the road enjoying your new vehicle as quickly as possible is our goal, which is why we make the financing process quick and stress-free. our financing experts will walk you through every step of the process, and you can also check out our online application to get the process started in your own time.

    


**wa residents: a negotiable documentary service fee in an amount up to $200 may be added to the sale price or capitalized cost of the vehicle. 
no mobile information will be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes. all other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
virtual inventory, available configurations and in-transit inventory contains vehicles that have not actually been manufactured. these vehicles show consumers sample vehicles that may be available. pricing, options, color and other data pertaining to these vehicles are provided for example only. all information pertaining to these vehicles should be independently verified through the dealer.


*washington #1 volume honda dealer based on new car sales data for 2024 per ahm. *source: new honda sales for 2024, ahm zone
washington's #1 volume honda hybrid/ev dealer based on new car sales data for 2024 per ahm. *source: new honda sales for 2024, ahm zone 5.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | honda auto center of bellevue | 13291 se 36th st, bellevue, wa 98006-1328 | main: 425-373-5247             












  














               