





old fort gun club





































 







skip to content










old fort gun club












menu
home
news and posts

newsletters and letters of importance


rules and training

ofgc range rules
training
asp skills summit, happening march 1-2, 2025
training calendar


club information

contact us
2025 club board of directors and officers
frequently asked questions
maps to ranges
membership
ofgc club calendar


organized sports

22 extreme
civilian marksmanship program

cmp sporter rifle


hunter pistol/cowboy rifle
nra ftr, f open, high power and service rifle matches
ofgc rimfire bench-rest club match
practical pistol
steel challenge
rcsa match
sass cowboy action shooting

the ofgc judge parker’s marshals web site


trap shoot
youth programs

yfs day sign up


the armed women of america


 







home 

the next club meeting notice:
the next meeting of the ofgc will be feb 6th, 2025 @ 6:30 pm
at the old fort gun club, river range training building.
all individuals having business with the club are asked to attends.
if you are becoming a new member  or you are renewing you membership, please be at the club by 6:15 p.m.

ofgc presidents letter 2025

our locations:
the old fort gun club currently has two facilities:
the “river range,” located a few miles north of barling, arkansas, consists of approximately 35 acres.
the facilities include 20 pistol bays 20 to 45 yards deep, a 100 yard rifle range, a 300 yard rifle range.
a second range is located near alma/kibler, arkansas, and is used primarily for clay practice,
but also has areas for handgun and shorter rifle ranges.
all ranges are outdoors, although most have covered shooting stations.
/span>:



river range
4999 westville road.



van buren, ar






alma range
2570 hamer road,



alma, ar




 our phone number:  479 235-5981
﻿
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




our mailing address:


old fort gun club, inc.
po box 2833
fort smith, ar 72913




our phone number: 479 235-5981





please watch this web site oldfortgunclub.com
and/or our facebook old fort gun club
 page, for all changes to meetings and director matches as may take place, thank you.


the old fort gun club is an organization based in fort smith, arkansas, with over 900 family memberships.
our goals are to support second amendment rights, encourage safe and efficient handling of firearms, to promote the shooting sports for people of all ages and ability, and provide a convenient and safe location for our members and guests to practice and compete with their firearms.
the old fort gun club is an affiliate club of the national rifle association, but nra membership is not required for membership in the old fort gun club. if you are interested in joining the old fort gun club, you can find all the information needed to join here
there are no additional charges for use of either range for members, and all family members under 20 years of age are included in your membership. nominal fees are charged for competition matches, to help defray the costs associated with those activities. the old fort gun club caters to anyone who owns a firearm. from the serious competitor, to the casual plinker, to those who just need a good facility to sight in their hunting firearms, we have a place for everyone.
the club is also a sponsor of an annual friends of nra banquet, which is a fund raising activity for support of shooting activities in arkansas.

the old fort gun club sponsors several types of organized competition.
see the 2024-discipline-handout page for more information.

uspsa practical pistol, under the auspices of uspsa/ipsc.
cowboy action shooting, as governed by sass.
trap shoot matches for those that like to bust the clays
nra and cmp long range high power rifle shooting.
uspsa steel challenge, a sport of speed for center-fire and rimfire
.22 extreme which is an ofgc original sport using .22 rimfire pistol and rifle in par-timed stages with reactive steel targets.
civilian marksmanship program
nra silhouettes matches.
old fort gun club match: ofgc 22 rimfire bench-rest club match league.
old fort gun club match: ofgc 5th saturday rimfire shoot
we also sponsor several youth programs, to encourage young people ages 6-18 to safely enjoy the shooting sports.

for more information on any of these discipline matches
check out our: 2024-discipline-handout

safety is our by-word. enjoyment of the shooting sports is our goal.
we’ve been very successful at both for many, many years.
we hope you will join us.
ofgc safety rules 2023
shoot safe, shoot often,
and share the sport with others.

membership applications
new members are expected to apply for membership at our monthly meeting, the first thursday of each month. below are the membership application forms.
click below to open, fill out, and print or download form.
ofgc new membership application 2025
ofgc renewal form 2025
hold harmless range waiver and release form

congratulation to our 2024 members of the year
allen hatch

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

the current official by-law of the old fort gun club
last updated: may 6, 2022




















				powered by wordpress			

				all rights reserved  © old fort gun club			
				seos social theme by seos themes




















