





























ou bands

















skip navigation
ou bands





ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma


















show navigation menu


























































 







 



skip side navigation





school of music home





ou bands home





prospective studentsconcerts & eventsauditions & scholarshipsall-state masterclassesconducting and teaching workshopou percussion campconcert ensemblespride of oklahomajazz programsound of the soonersfaculty & staff








 facebook























 









ou bands



the university of oklahoma bands offer a variety performing experiences for students regardless of whether you are enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate music degree or choose to participate as a non-music major in the cultural life of the university. musical collaboration and artistic growth are life-changing opportunities to take full advantage of during your university experience.
the wind symphony, symphony band, campus bands, and jazz ensembles perform in the acoustically rich paul f. sharp concert hall in catlett music center, while the entire pride of oklahoma performs in the exciting venues of the gaylord family memorial stadium (85,000 fans) for home football games, selected conference and non-conference away games as well as memorable post-season bowl games.
we hope you will explore the many opportunities provided by the university of oklahoma bands.  




ou bands concerts & tickets



spacer











spacer







		summer jazz collective
		june 17-21, 2025
	



			the university of oklahoma jazz program in collaboration with jazz in june presents the most rewarding jazz education experience in oklahoma, the "summer jazz collective" project, or sjc!
		

			this experience includes a five-day camp at the university of oklahoma where participants work with ou faculty and the jazz in june headliners! the camp involves rehearsals, sectionals, masterclasses, a jam session, and vip seating at the jazz in june festival. then on the final night of the three-day festival, the sjc band will open for the festival headliner. in fact, all campers who perform at the concert receive a $100 honorarium from jazz in june!
		

			for more details, visit the page linked below. audition videos must be submitted by march 1.
		
more information and audition





spacer






conducting and teaching workshop - june 4-6, 2025

participants must apply by february 16. observers may register through may 17.
more details and registration




  

spacer










spacer










spacer









 



spacer









 








ou bands500 west boyd
norman, ok 73019
p: (405) 325-2731
f: (405) 325-7062
e: ouband@ou.edu





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
accreditation

policies
legal notices
copyright
resources & offices
ou report it!





















            updated 2/17/2025 by ou bands: ouband@ou.edu








 






