





information services and library  | about | university of stirling




































skip to main content


×




home








                            find a course







university courses by subject







study







international







research







about







student life








                            clearing








                            scholarships








                              news








                              events






my portal
contact
search our site
中文网
















中文网


my portal



site search

site search





study


international


research


about


student life





show/hide mobile menu


menu












site search






















loading...
















home
aboutour reputationstrategic planour historyour peoplefacultiesforth2ojobs at stirlingbusiness and enterpriseprofessional servicessustainabilityscotland's international environment centrecity region dealnewseventspublicationsart collectionpsychology kindergartengetting herecontact us
professional servicescommercial servicescommunications, marketing and recruitmentestates and campus servicesfinance officehuman resources and organisation developmentinformation services and libraryinternationalisation and partnershipsresearch, innovation and business engagementstudent, academic and corporate servicesuniversity of stirling sport
information services and librarymembershipschool visits and servicesinformation centreabout isthinking of coming to stirling?wi-fi servicescurrent students and staff



















       
 information services and library    


information services delivers the library, it, digital learning technology and other information needs and services to enable all students and staff of the university of stirling to learn, research and work here. our mission is to equip and empower our users and ourselves to function and achieve successful outcomes in the digital age. we strive to achieving excellent customer service and always aim to exceed our users' expectations.





current students and staff






library opening hourssee the latest library opening hours and access arrangementslibrary information






   
contact information centre  get in touch with the information centre for all your library and it enquiries.           
is news blog  stay up to date with all the latest news about the library and is services.          
thinking of coming to stirling?  if you’re a prospective student, researcher or member of staff, key details about information services at the university.       


   search the library catalogue  the stirling university library catalogue is openly available on the web. all staff and students of the university can access the electronic resources (e-books and e-journals) linked from the catalogue by logging into the university portal when requested. those without a university network account can still browse the collections, find out the location of books and administer their library borrowing record.    search the library       library floorplan  see the layout of the library and where to access key facilities such as study areas, printers, laptop loan and more.    see library floorplan    











our services for visitors


   library access for visitors  the stirling campus library operates an access control system but visitors are welcome. please call at reception at the library entrance to gain entry.          wi-fi services  visiting he staff and students can access eduroam. all others can access guest wi-fi.          library and archives research support  here you will find all you need about how we support research and what is available in the university archives.          about information services  find out how to contact us, learn about our teams as well as our policy.       








connect with us


@isstirling on instagram @isstirling on x @infoservicesatstir 









getting around





stirling campus
university of stirling
	    		stirling
	    		fk9 4la
	    		scotland uk
getting around campus
view larger map















follow us


facebook



instagram



x





youtube



linkedin



tiktok





popular links

faculties
professional services
alumni
jobs at stirling
getting here
students’ union
online shop
blog
current students
staff



site information

policy, legal and cookies
accessibility statement
sitemap
modern slavery statement
scottish charity no sc011159




contact us
tel: +44 (0) 1786 473171

                    university of stirling
                    stirling
                    fk9 4la
                    scotland uk
ask us a question ⟩






map of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
                        



























© university of stirling





scroll back to the top





 




