




 online web site builder, website software, homepage creator, personal ecommerce - myipsites.com. 





  





home
features
screenshots
benefits
support














 


“warning: 5 costly mistakes most 
              people make when buying a website– 
              are you doing any of these?”


(learn the smart 
          way to get a business website without tarnishing your business image 
          and wasting potentially thousands of dollars)
by steven w. baker, 
          ceo, stb ventures inc
          myipsites.com



“after 6 months and $1,500 working with a major 
                bank ecommerce solution. 
                i did better myself with myipsites site wizard in a weekend @ 
                a savings of 80% a year! i am now working on 2 more sites!!” kevin 
                lake 


it 
          was a sweltering june last year as ted r. from texas carefully plotted 
          his home business. excited by the thought of making money from home, 
          he carefully studied all the options to market his products. looking 
          at direct mail, postcards, telemarketing, yellow pages ads, newspaper 
          ads, and websites, ted realized his best and most cost-effective approach 
          would be to set up a website that draws in tens of thousands 
          of dollars every month.
so 
          ted worked the midnight oil searching for companies that would build 
          him a website. trying to keep his investment as low as possible -- after 
          5 quotes he settled for the second cheapest option.
after 
          buying a simple 5-page website (which required him to learn html) 
          for $7.95 a month -- ten days later, he realized he made a costly 
          mistake … 
november 
          2001, linda c. from maine was scouring the web for a company where she 
          could buy an attractive website for her sprawling pool accessories 
          business. she eventually spoke with a smooth-talking 
          sales rep who sold her on buying a high-powered graphic rich 
          website loaded with dozens of features for $3,500, plus $29.95 monthly 
          hosting services. after her purchase, linda admitted she was impressed 
          but 3 weeks later 
          after talking with friends and customers she learned she made 
          a bad buying decision.
how 
          did ted and linda blunder? - are you about to make any of their mistakes?
read 
          the following 5 criteria for buying a business website to see if you 
          know why both ted and linda made a mistake in their buying decision 
          …

the 
            truth about buying cheap websites 
            many people buy a cheap website thinking that they can get by with 
            it. all to often, they later discover they 
            wasted their time and money and even hurt their business image when 
            they should have gotten a more professional website. if a company 
            is offering cheap websites then chances are they’re cutting costs 
            by using cheap technology that looks weak and is susceptible to breaking 
            down. the last thing you want, is for a customer to see your website with 
            broken links and features fizzing out. companies selling cheap websites 
            also cut costs by having little or no customer service or technical 
            support staff. if you log onto the net one day only to discover 
            your website is missing – believe me, you want technical support to 
            fix it! scrimping on a website is like scrimping on your health – 
            you can’t get away with it. 


the 
            truth about buying expensive websites 
            you could buy an expensive website that’s loaded to the hilt, but 
            then again, why pay thousands of dollars if it’s not necessary 
            for your business? in other words, if you have a restaurant you may 
            need an elaborate website as opposed to a site selling a book. if 
            you don’t need a cadillac priced website and all you needed 
            was a chevrolet, so why not get the chevrolet? when talking to companies 
            that sell upscale sites beware of falling for a well-crafted sales 
            pitch from their well-trained sales staff. your number one concern 
            is to get a website that fits your business cost-effectively.


the 
            truth about free websites. many people wanting to put up a website for their business figure 
            they can get by with a free website. maybe that was true 5 years ago, 
            but www.acelawnservices.freesites4you.com 
            doesn’t cut it. stay far away from free websites. no one will take 
            you seriously with one of these.


is 
            the website package for sale easy to update & customize? this is a major buying criteria to look for when shopping for a website. you 
            need a website that you can customize. one that allows you 
            to add or change features on it such as color schemes and designs. 
            you need a website that will allow you to instantly update 
            it with images and photos. remember, if you plan on being in business 
            for a long time, then you’re going to have to update your website 
            with new pictures, text, and other accessories from time to time. 
            many cheap website packages lack this and in fact look cheap 
            too. another point to keep in mind is you want a website that’s easy 
            to update and change. if it’s too hard to add new text or images, 
            then you’re going to be disappointed. lastly, beware that some website 
            packages require you to learn html! avoid these like the plague 
            if you haven’t got the time to learn how to code html.


is 
            the website package for sale equipped to market your business? a website by itself is useless. as it needs a 
            personal domain name (www.yourname.com) 
            and personalized email (yourname@yourname.com) 
            also, your website must be equipped with order-taking capabilities 
            and autoresponders. otherwise, if you get a website package lacking 
            these marketing accessories, you’re going to be forced to hunt the 
            internet for them and you’ll have to deal with the hair-pulling ordeal 
            of making sure every component of your site is compatible. 

how 
          to find the perfect website package for your 
          business
as 
          you can imagine, finding a website perfect for your business that’s 
          easy to use, full of marketing features, and is the right price for 
          your needs can be a pain in the neck.  after all, there are hundreds 
          of companies selling websites.
who 
          knows which are legit and which are fly-by-night operators ready to 
          rip you off?
three 
          ways to find companies offering websites/website packages:

  1.      
get referrals from friends and associates.
  2.      
search the internet.
  3.      
search your phone books.

if 
          you have friends and business associates that recently purchased a website 
          then that may be the ideal way to find a site perfect for you.  just 
          make sure their company meets the above-mentioned 5 criteria.
your 
          other two options are scouring the web and your phone book.  only problem 
          is you’ll have to call every number in the phone book and spend 
          hours on end surfing the net looking for enough information to make 
          a smart decision.  my experience tells me these three methods are the 
          hard way to do it.
after 
          all, who wants to waste money right? and who wants that 
          “i feel sick in my stomach feeling” after you bought 
          something you later regretted. i’m sure you’re anxious about making 
          the right buying decision.
now, 
          what if i could show you an easier way to find a powerful and professional 
          website that’s perfect for your price range, is easy to customize, 
          and has all the marketing features you wanted, would you be interested 
          to at least know about it?
i 
          truly believe what you’re looking for in a website is found at 
          myipsites.  here’s why: the websites you can get with them meet all five 
          of the abovementioned website buying criteria.  and with myipsites you 
          can get a website that’s fully loaded for under $30 and have it set 
          up within the next five minutes.  
this 
          is how steve baker, myipsites.com’s ceo puts it:


“with myipsites, you can get a website with everything your business 
              needs for under $30 bucks. your website will have all the cool 
              features you see on the big corporate sites for just a fraction 
              of the price!”


i 
          don’t know about you, but this sounds like something i would want to 
          look into.
what’s 
          more, myipsites is willing to do something outrageous to prove to you 
          that their websites beat everyone else’s hands down.  
they’re 
          risking a lot of money doing this outrageous crazy stunt. (in fact, 
          their marketing team begged management not to do this!)
more 
          about their crazy stunt later, but first …


“i 
                just wanted to tell you how great myipsites is. i’ve tried go 
                daddy, homestead, lycos, geocities, and at least two others. myipsites 
                is the most logical and easiest to use.”
-robert 
                jacobson


you should know 
          that, unlike their competitors, myipsites’ website package is loaded 
          with features. features your business needs like: business email, 
          newsletters, order systems, photo galleries, clickable links, images, 
          an autoresponder, multiple pages and more. it’ll be a website that 
          you can shape and mold to fit your business. 
can 
          you envision the increased profit your business will suck in with a 
          “loaded” website like one of these?   
listen, 
          it doesn’t matter if your business is a …


retail store, service business, home business, 
              franchise, professional service, distributorship, manufacturing 
              company, associations, club, or if you’re sales person or entrepreneur. 


… 
          the more your read this article the more you’re going to realize myipsites’ 
          unique website package will fit all of your needs like a glove.
so 
          how is it possible you can get a website package from myipsites loaded 
          with all of the features you want specific for your business needs?  
          -in less than 5 minutes?
our 
          myipsites technology makes it possible.  you see this technology 
          is the same software used by web builders worldwide to create sizzling 
          sites for their customers. and it’s easy to use.  in fact, our website 
          uses this same technology to give you the ability to point and click 
          your way to a stunning website in 5 minutes or less.  easy, easy, easy. 
there’s 
          no work on your part.  just click and point at the template you want 
          and the features you want activated; enter your text in, and that’s 
          it!  you’ve got a website tailor made for your business!
like 
          i said earlier, our revolutionary technology makes building and designing 
          websites so easy, already 172,000 of our customer’s websites 
          were instantly created by it.  you might be surprised to know that average 
          people with little computer experience, everyday are having fun creating 
          their new website.  just point and click what you want and your new 
          website is automatically built.  ready to do your bidding!
unlike other companies 
          selling websites, only myipsites gives you the following mouthwatering 
          benefits:


 

you 
                  can customize your website – however you want!

 
 you 
                  can have as many pages as you want!  want 10 or 100?  
                  no problem, it’s yours!


want 
                  to add images on your website?  no problem.  your myipsites website 
                  makes adding images so easy, a kid can do it.  just point 
                  and click!


easily 
                  add cool features like links and email or advanced features 
                  like newsletters, polls, shopping carts and ecommerce.


your 
                  myipsites website is so easy to use, you can change virtually 
                  anything you want on your site within mere seconds … 1, 2, 3 
                  – you’re done!  


adding 
                  text onto your website is as simple as writing an email.  and 
                  … many of the buttons and commands look just like your ms 
                  word! 



i 
          don’t you know if you’ll  get a website from myipsites today, but don’t 
          you feel excited about the possibilities of multiplying your profits, 
          especially knowing that you can get a stunning website perfect for 
          your business in the next 5 minutes or less?  
unlike 
          most companies selling websites, myipsites has clearly made the process 
          of getting a loaded website tailor made for your business as easy as 
          boiling water!
now 
          the fact that you’re still reading my article tells me that you have 
          a gut feeling that you should get a top-notch website for your business.  
          your gut feeling is right.  two years ago, you could have gotten 
          away without a website, but now customers demand it whether they say 
          so or not.
remember how embarrassing it was not to have a fax machine?
it’s 
          just like the fax machine several years back.  if you didn’t have a 
          fax machine, you weren’t taken seriously.  people saw you as an amateur 
          or even a charlatan.  as you consider that, think about the fact, that 
          a website gives you more credibility.  remember, your prospective 
          customers demand instant access to information about your products or 
          services.  if you don’t have a decent website then your competitors 
          are repeatedly beating you to the punch, and your losing money!  
          ouch!
think 
          about this, your website can be actively closing sales and making 
          money for you 24/7.  it’s like a sales person who never sleeps.  
          and never complains.  now tell me what serious business wouldn’t want 
          that advantage?
fully armed and ready to sell!
remember at the beginning of this article when i laid down the 5 
          criteria to consider when buying a website? well the website you get 
          from myipsites meets all of those criteria with an a+.  and comes with 
          all the marketing goodies you want!  here’s what you’re website comes 
          with: 


 
 
visitor 
                  autoresponders.  
                  instantly email site visitors info and follow-up on them to 
                  close more sales!
visitor 
                  feedback forms.  
                  use this to collect important information from customers and 
                  site visitors to make your website marketing more successful!
customer 
                  newsletters.  publish 
                  your own newsletter with this feature!  stay in touch with your 
                  customer base and build rapport with them.  
subscriber 
                  management.  ends 
                  spam worries forever.  all newsletter requests go into an opt in system that confirms subscription.
catalogs.  sell multiple products from your site!  now it’s possible 
                  with this feature.  looks like a real catalog!
shopping 
                  cart.  makes your 
                  site handle the entire transaction.  your job … just deposit 
                  the money!  
ecommerce.  have your customers pay online or submit their order 
                  so you can process it manually in your store.
order 
                  tracking.  never 
                  lose track of another sale again!  all orders are emailed directly 
                  to you and then tracked on your site.
secure 
                  server certificates.  
                  your site’s transactions are secure and protected with secure 
                  certificates that protect customer info.
search 
                  engine registration.  
                  once your site is done, myipsites will register it with the search 
                  engines so your website can start getting massive traffic.
business 
                  email.  send email 
                  with your site name in the address. avoid the embarrassment 
                  of free services (hotmail.com, yahoo.com) that scream amateur.
your 
                  own domain name.  
                  you’ll get your own website name!  (www.yourname.com) 
                  what do you want to name your site?  
                  just tell us and we’ll make it official!
password 
                  protected pages. only let qualified visitors see certian 
                  information.
website 
                  membership. want 
                  to have a secret member section in your site?  no problem!  
                  sell “insider” memberships!  
photo 
                  albums.  display pictures of your work, business, products 
                  and team, professionally in an online photo album.
maps.  display an attractive map that shows customers and 
                  prospects directions to get to your business.
links 
                  page.  provide as many links as you want to other sites you 
                  think your visitors would find valuable.
contact 
                  us page.  tell your 
                  visitors how to get a hold of you and your team.
about 
                  us page.  show your 
                  visitors who you are and why they should do business with you.
online 
                  coupons.  promote 
                  online sales or drive online traffic to your offline store with 
                  website coupons.
message 
                  boards.  you too 
                  can have your own message board!  create a fan club, and start 
                  a following for your business!  
polls/surveys.  polls and surveys help win elections.  now you can 
                  use that same strategy to win more customers!  
guest 
                  book.  give your visitors a place to share their comments 
                  about your site with this great guest book feature.
press 
                  releases.  display 
                  press releases and news clippings from the media on your business 
                  – great credibility booster.
quotes 
                  page.  testimonials sell.  now you can have a page of glowing 
                  comments about how great your business is.
customizable 
                  web pages.  easily 
                  add and customize more web pages to your site in mere seconds!




(take 
        a look at website examples
.)
i 
          told you, you’d get all the bells and whistles you could ever hope for!  
          all of these goodies will definitely level the playing field 
          for you.  having said that, i’m so sure you’ll love this website 
          package, that i’m willing to go out on a 
          limb to prove it …
the outrageous 
          stunt our marketing guys begged us not to do 
here’s 
          my challenge to you, go ahead and click my 10-day free trial link 
          when you see it near the bottom of this page.  it’ll open up to several 
          pages where you can create a stunning website using any of our 
          200+ exciting template designs – and other features.  i have arranged 
          for you to try out your new website without paying a single penny for 
          it –10 days straight.  that’s 240 hours you can play with it.
at 
          the end of trying out your new website for ten days, if you want to 
          keep it, go ahead and let your credit card be billed the nominal price.  
          but if you don’t want to … then you don’t lose a penny.  fair enough?
here’s 
          what a few of our thrilled customers who have taken the 10-day free 
          trial have to say …


 “great 
                service, great product, great people, great price.  you guys are 
                more than a service, you’re a part of 
                my team!”
-kevin 
                lawrence, business coach.  www.coachkevin.com
“i 
                don’t know why everyone does not do it this way.  myipsites websites 
                are great and very effective.”
-garfield 
                mccormick, website usability expert.
“the 
                websites are idiot-proof.  i just entered my text, picked my features 
                and my site was done.  no problem!”
-janet 
                nixon, accountant.
“myipsites 
                is probably the best kept secret on the internet!”
-ryan 
                sharp, salesman.
“with 
                the money i saved using myipsites, i can now invest in marketing 
                my site.”
-robert 
                lazaro, audio retailer.


our 
          outrageous stunt goes even further!
listen, 
          if you think our 10-day free trial is a heck of a deal, wait 
          till you see this.  if after the 10-day free trial you decide to keep 
          your website, then i’ll give you an additional 30 full days to 
          test your new website out! in other words, i’m giving you a 30-day satisfaction 
          guarantee! as far as i know … no other website company is willing to 
          do this for you.
it’s clear 
          other companies aren’t confident in the website packages they’re asking 
          you to spend your money on.  but myipsites knows you’ll love the website 
          you buy from them and is willing to risk everything to prove it.
what 
          about site breakdowns?
now 
          you may be thinking … this sounds great, i’m 
          ready to get my website, but what if i sign up for this package 
          and i later on have technical troubles?
no 
          problem.  we have a fulltime support staff available during business 
          hours (8-8 pm pst, m-sat.) to fix any possible issue you may have.  but with our 
          technology, a technical glitch is an oddity.  nonetheless, i have staff 
          ready to take care of you.  they’ll even personally help you decide 
          what templates, and other features to choose for your site if you don’t 
          have the time!
just 
          think, what will you do with all of the new profits your website brings 
          into your business?  how will it affect both you and your family’s standard 
          of living?
can 
          you feel the excitement of waking up in the morning discovering 
          that your website made money for you, while you slept?  are you able 
          to envision what it will be like with your email inbox stuffed with 
          orders?  how much more time will you save as your website fully 
          explains your business so you don’t have to?
what 
          is that worth to you?  
why 
          not act on my advice and do what many before you have done … 
          go ahead and get your new website.  and, if you’re still unsure, you 
          can try 
          the 10-day free trial, ok?
how 
          much will this cost?
i’m 
          sure all this time, in the back of your head, you’ve been thinking this 
          sounds great, but how much is this super website? for the price 
          of a cheap restaurant meal once a month, you can get a loaded 
          website selling for you 24/7, for only $29.95 a month.
our 
          competitor’s prices ranges from $39 to $245 for half the features 
          ours has. with all the features our sites have, we should be 
          charging $50 a month or more. 
so 
          to lock 
          in at $29.95 instead of $50 you must act now.
how 
          can i give such a great deal to you?  remember the website building 
          software i told you about at the beginning of this article?  that’s 
          my secret.  our technology makes creating a website so ridiculously 
          easy a grandmother can do it.  
there’s 
          absolutely no work on your part … just point and click what color 
          and design you want, how many web pages you want, where you want your 
          pictures to go, and then add your text, and voila! you’ve got 
          a professional website in 5 minutes or less!
again, 
          here are the features your website will command
everything 
          your business needs to be successful online – full loaded website ($2,500 value). includes email, ecommerce, shopping 
          cart, newsletters, autoresponders, subscription management, catalogs, 
          order tracking, secure server certificates, search engine registration, 
          visitor submission forms, links page, maps, contact us page, online 
          coupons, message boards, guest books, polls, press releases, quotes 
          page, 200+ templates, free support, and much much more. just 
          $29.95 a month.
wow, 
          after reading about those features, i shouldn’t have to convince you 
          that you should jump on this and grab one of these websites. and 
          …
obviously 
          after reading this article you now realize this is a great offer, one 
          that you won’t find elsewhere, having said that, go ahead and get your high-performance 
          profit boosting website today!
sincerely,
steve baker
steven 
          w. baker
          ceo, stb ventures inc - myipsites.com
sales@stbventures.com
p.s. 
          again, you can test drive your website without paying a penny 
          for 10 days straight. go ahead and give 
          it a test-drive. see what it’s 
          like, and how it feels to have that cyber sales person on the internet 
          working 24/7 for you. you’ll absolutely love it, and you’ll wonder how you ever 
          made it through life without a top-notch website. it’s like life after 
          having a cell phone. so, why not start 
          your 10-day free trial now?
p.p.s. 
          on top of the 10-day free trial, you’ll get an additional 30 days to 
          make doubly sure you absolutely love your new website. my suggestion 
          to you is the same as bill gates. if you’re in business, you must have 
          a website if you want your business to have a future. chances are, in 
          the next 30 days your new myipsites website will more than pay for itself 
          and multiply 
          your business profits several times over! so don’t miss 
          out on this extraordinary opportunity -- get your 
          new money-making website today!

www.myipsites.com 
          
 
          have a question? here's your answer:


 see 
                a sample site:
see 
                how easy the site builder is:
ask 
                support a question:

click 
                here
click 
                here
click 
                here














