








































































pettisville schools








skip to contentblackbird fan shopcalendarfinal formssearch sitepettisville schools - blackbird fan shopcalendarfinal formssearch sitemenumenuskip galleryregister here by friday, march 7th.end of galleryblackbird factswhat makes pettisville schools unique?"school of choice"pettisville school ranks in the top ten in the state for incoming open enrollment students.bbc 13 of last 17the blackbirds have been buckeye border conference all-sports champion 13 out of the last 17 years. (updated 9-8-23).prek-12all students from early intervention preschool through 12th grade are learning together in one building.740 yearsour 2022-23 teaching staff had over 815 years of combined educational teaching experience.  that's over 3.2 million hours spent educating/coaching and developing students!1:1 chromebooksevery student k-12 is assigned their own chromebook.9 superintendentssince 1929, pettisville has had nine superintendents.750 kwthe district owns a 750 kw wind turbine to produce electricity.programsreverse slideradvance sliderart departmenttake a peek at what our students are creating. we have some very talented, artistic blackbirds!art departmenttake a peek at what our students are creating. we have some very talented, artistic blackbirds!family & consumer sciencescheck out what's cooking in fcs: favorite recipes,  sewing projects and mrs. litogot's "grandbabies".ffaour ffa students are busy growing into the next generation of leaders who will change the world!journalismthe journalism staff manages the school's newspaper and yearbook.music departmentchoir and band are just the beginning... musical theatre, noteworthy, jazz and pep bands, too.nerd herdcome meet the brains behind the masks. our quiz team is top notch!pettisville school foundationlearn about the psf family fund,  psf scholarships and all about the pettisville school foundation.family & consumer sciencescheck out what's cooking in fcs: favorite recipes,  sewing projects and mrs. litogot's "grandbabies".ffaour ffa students are busy growing into the next generation of leaders who will change the world!journalismthe journalism staff manages the school's newspaper and yearbook.music departmentchoir and band are just the beginning... musical theatre, noteworthy, jazz and pep bands, too.spotlightprevious spotlight itemour student section has been ranked #1 multiple times by nwo sports. we agree, our blackbird student section is the best!- blackbird pride!pettisville schools cafe received “super star” distinction and a medallion from the ohio school breakfast challenge for their excellence, innovative and collaborative work to increase access to school meals during the pandemic.- way to go, sandy & staff!pettisville  blackbird alumni, caleb, bekah and joshua liechty aka girl named tom won season 21 of nbc's the voice. we are so proud of you!- girl named tomwe have the best students!! usa theme night at phs volleyball next spotlight itemfind uspettisville schools232 summit street pettisville, oh 43553419.446.2705419.445.2992menulive feedstaffnewseventsdocumentsquick linksfinal formsgmailgoogle driveonline grade bookpayschools stay connectedcopyright © 2025 pettisville. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



