












lake eola charter school – tuition free k-8 public school in orlando
































skip to content



  
tuition free k-8 public school in orlando 



tuition free k-8 public school in orlandohome
school information 

director’s message
faculty and staff
school calendar
academic performance
educational techniques
alumni page
faq about gradeless pilot project
lecs charter
lecs strategic plan
school improvement plan
information about enrollment
statement of open enrollment


parents 

fortifyfl
volunteer opportunities
classroom webpages
after school care
forms & notices
interpreting the grading system at lecs
2024 summer homework
supply lists
uniforms and dress code
lake eola charter school uniform store
volunteering
club sign ups
schoolpay


students 

clever
student testing
fortifyfl


teachers 

intranet
lecs calendar
ocps email
skyward


governance 

financial governance

audit
budget


board of directors
ptsa
school advisory council
lecs foundation


2025 lottery application
  










welcome to lake eola charter school






we currently have limited spaces open for this school year in many of our grades.  if you are interested in your child starting as soon as possible and would like to avoid the lottery for next school year, please contact the office at 407-246-0900. 
to enter the lottery for the 2025-2026 school year, please click here to create an account and register for the grade that your child will be moving into.
welcome to lake eola charter school!
at lake eola charter school (lecs), we are committed to creating a vibrant and nurturing environment where every student is encouraged to grow stronger and empowered to find their unique voice. our mission is to provide a high-quality, holistic education that supports both academic excellence and personal development.
located in the heart of orlando, lecs offers a dynamic learning experience that emphasizes individualized attention, innovative teaching methods, and a strong sense of community. this year, we are excited to introduce new programs and resources designed to enhance the educational journey for all our students, including the addition of a guidance counselor, a reading specialist, and a new house system for cluster 2 classes.
we believe that parental involvement is key to our students’ success, and we warmly invite you to participate in our school community. whether you are a current family, a prospective parent, or a community member, we encourage you to explore our website and learn more about the exciting opportunities we offer at lecs.
thank you for choosing lake eola charter school, where together, we are “growing stronger, empowering our voices.”













search for:





recent posts


enrollment & lottery information- 2025-26 school year


2024 clubs and activities


back to school forms and documents


2024-2025 school calendar




 










want to learn more?

for more information about lecs, or to schedule a tour of our school, call our office at 407 246 0900.

for any type of public records request you must send an email to the principal at jparrish@lecs.org or via mail at 135 n. magnolia ave. orlando, florida 32801.











contact us

lake eola charter school135 n. magnolia avenueorlando, florida 32801t: 407 246 0900f: 407 246 6334

email: jparrish@lecs.org








· © 2025 lake eola charter school · powered by  · designed with the customizr theme  · 






 
