






        
	society of american fight directors | society of american fight directors

    

































member login











member login


not a member?
                                register
















safd







meet 

member search
regional representatives
the governing body
fight masters
fight directors
certified teachers
theatrical firearms instructors
advanced actor combatants
intermediate actor combatants
actor combatants
emeritus
in memoriam



train 

training with the safd
national stage combat workshops
workshops
stage combat training organizations
mentoring
professional series
covid guidelines
development
expand, educate, empower [eee]



ask 

how to...
faqs
application for ac/aac status
change spt records
membership profile inquiry
report a bug
town hall meetings



download 

forms and documents
the fight master magazine
submission guidelines
spt / spr certificates
contact hours certificate
firearms documents



join
























to work with the best
 
 
you need to train with the best

					the society of american fight directors is an internationally recognized non-profit
					organization dedicated to promoting safety and fostering excellence in the art
					of stage combat. whether you are a producer, director, actor or teacher, we can
					help accelerate your stage combat skills. train



				training with the safd
			





safd isanti-racist





our newestfight masters














bring the safdto you!












training!even during covid













						enjoy the benefits of membership. join the safd today!
					

						anyone interested in the art of staged combat can become a member of the safd.
						our members enjoy superior benefits designed to make the most of their skills
						and opportunities. among those:
					


							new members can join online for just $30.00 dollars, a 33% discount over
							the standard rate (1)


							apply for scholarships for our national stage combat workshops held every
							summer
						
professional networking with members and organizations worldwide

							get listed in our web site stage combat directories, which can lead to
							acting and directing opportunities
						

							stay informed with access to the cutting edge newsletter  and
							subscription to fight master magazine

								(1) discount is for
								first time members who pay their initial dues using our secured online signup
								and payment system.
							



join now



join the safd now








current safd governing body initiatives

the fight director training committee has finalized plans for an inaugural fight directing workshop in tandem with an acting a fight workshop to create opportunities to train in fight choreography and be recognized as an associate fight directors with the safd.  more information can be found at safdworkshops.com
in september 2020, the college of fight masters voted that 10% of all test adjudication fees will be put into a scholarship fund to defray costs for bipoc students, particularly those in underserved communities, to attend regional and national workshops.
the safd diversity, equity, and inclusion committee has a mandate to create more opportunities for people of color and other minorities in our membership. the deic committee members are listed here. to ask to join the diversity, equity, and inclusion committee, please email diversity@safd.org
a grant-writing committee proposed by safd aac hannah roccisano has been working diligently to create a structure to provide workshops and resources to underserved communities, like those in the inner cities of our larger concentrations in major cities like chicago and new york city.
the pedagogy committee is working on a mentorship program, associate instructor program, and multiple paths for teaching opportunities for advanced actor combatants.






upcoming sanctioned events




june 13 - june 29, 2024
fight directing workshops in columbia, md

			

july 15 - aug 3, 2024
national stage combat workshops
				in ruston, la

			





make a donation to the safd!











to work with the best
you need to train with the best.

			the society of american fight directors is an internationally recognized
			non-profit organization dedicated to promoting safety and fostering excellence in the
			art of stage combat. whether you are a producer, director, actor or teacher, we can help
			accelerate your stage combat skills.
		

			safd members gain access to a world class networking organization, high calibre stage
			combat training, and mentorship all designed to maximize your career opportunities. our
			members include professional actors, directors, producers, educators, dancers, singers,
			stunt performers, historians, and armorers working in theatre, film, television, all
			levels of academia, stunt shows, opera, and the video gaming industry.
		




















                                copyright © 2014  society of american fight directors  |  all rights reserved
                            


connect with us


3501 n. southport ave. #302 chicago, il 60657





















