




argyll biological records centre


 

















home                 
       latest news                 
       submit a record                 
       data searches                
       links




 
 

biological recording in 
        argyll


        our role as biological records centre
for biological recording purposes, britain is divided 
        into a number of regions each having their own biological records 
        centre.  the biological records centre for vice-county 98 "main 
        argyll" was begun in 2012 by lorn natural history group (lnhg), who 
        continued to run the records centre until 2018.  the records centre 
        developed to the point where it needed to be established on an 
        independent footing, and this was accomplished at the end of 2018 with 
        the creation of argyll biological records centre (abrec).  abrec 
        continues to have close links with lnhg, and, as always, lnhg field 
        trips will be an important source of records.
area of interest
argyll is a very extensive area with many islands and 
        remote mainland regions.  it would not be possible for a small team 
        to cover all of it in a satisfactory way.  in terms of watsonian 
        vice-counties, the standard geographical divisions used for biological 
        recording, argyll corresponds approximately to four of these:
vc98 "main argyll" - argyll mainland from loch leven in 
        the north to the crinan canal in the south, and incorporating all of 
        cowal,  the bounary then goes up loch long, over the summit of ben 
        lui, encompasses the bulk of rannoch moor and then follows the 
        blackwater reservoir and river leven back to loch leven.  vc98 also 
        includes the islands of lismore, kerrera, seil and luing, and the 
        smaller islands close to these or to the mainland.
vc101 "kintyre" - kintyre and knapdale south of the 
        crinan canal
vc102 "south ebudes" - islay, jura, colonsay and 
        associated islands
vc103 "mid ebudes" - mull, coll, tiree and associated 
        islands
abrec's principal field of operations will remain vc98. 
        this is the area in which it will run field trips, fungal forays, moth 
        trapping events etc etc, and attempt to record as comprehensively as 
        possible by means of personal expeditions to all its far-flung corners. 
        the isle of mull, in vc103, is also an abrec core area and recording priority 
        zone.
abrec, like lnhg before it, will act as a holding station for any parts of 
        argyll within vc's 101, 102 & 103 which don't yet have records centres.  
        abrec will encourage records, especially of under-recorded groups such 
        as invertebrates and fungi, from such "orphan" areas within argyll, 
        while also giving all possible help and encouragement to anyone seeking 
        to set up local records centres to cover those places and take them off 
        our hands.
the northernmost slice of vc98, comprising the duror, 
        ballachulish and glen coe area, has traditionally been considered part 
        of argyll but is not currently within the argyll & bute council area, 
        and belongs instead to highland region.  by agreement with highland 
        biological recording group (hbrg), who cover the rest of highland 
        region, abrec will cover this area so that record centre boundaries are 
        aligned with vice-county boundaries.
morvern has also been considered part of argyll in the 
        past, but we do not have any interest in that area.  it is covered 
        by  
        hbrg.
the helensburgh and lomond area of argyll and bute 
        council is outside our area of interest.  it belongs to vice-county 
        99 "dunbartonshire" and is covered by glasgow museums biological records 
        centre.  please send any records from that area to
        
        biological.records@glasgowlife.org.uk 
what happens to the records
the records in our database are placed on the 
        national biodiversity network (nbn) and made available to scottish 
        natural heritage (snh) and other statutory bodies, so that they can be 
        taken into account when planning proposals are being considered or sites 
        are assessed for environmental protection.
we welcome all records no matter how common the species.  
        the distribution maps for many species in argyll are misleading due to 
        the lack of data.  this can only be corrected if people send in 
        records of what they see.
as well as placing the records on the nbn, we will pass 
        them on to the relevant taxonomic recording scheme, e.g. butterfly 
        conservation, british dragonfly society, botanical society of britain 
        and ireland, etc.  if you have already sent your records to one of 
        these schemes it is still important to send a copy to your local records 
        centre (that's us!) so that the records are available where needed.  
        many taxonomic recording schemes take years to put their records on the 
        nbn, or do not do so at all.  environmental consultants do not 
        approach all the dozens of different taxonomic recording schemes for 
        data, they normally just ask the local records centre to supply the 
        records they hold.
if you are sending us records which you have already 
        sent to a taxonomic recording scheme, then by informing us of this you 
        can ensure that we don't re-send them to that particular scheme.


        open data model
abrec adheres to the publicly-funded open-data model for 
        record centres, as approved by snh and recommended by the recently 
        published
        
        scottish biodiversity information forum review  this means that 
        we make all our data, other than sensitive records, publicly available, 
        and upload it to the
        
        nbn atlas
        
        so that the records appear on the national distribution maps for each 
        species.   all the people who send us records 
        want them to appear on maps and to be used to advance human knowledge of 
        the natural world.
 


hazel gloves fungus, a speciality of the atlantic 
        hazelwoods on argyll's west coast.  photo
©

   
        jan hamilton.




        this project is supported by naturescot
          
 


 

