






find a respite provider | arch national respite network & resource center







































































skip to content











search



				search			







close



 




































caregivers find a respite provider planning for respite types of respite how to choose a respite provider how to pay for respite how do i get paid to be a family caregiver? fact sheets for family caregiversrespite providers respite provider portal how to become a respite provider provider training resources program evaluation innovative and exemplary respite services conversations on caregiving: exploring respite care innovations volunteer and faith-based respitelifespan respite state respite coalition and lifespan respite contacts lifespan respite 101 grantee activities and key accomplishments learning collaboratives state lifespan respite tools & examples by category performance measurement respite voucher programs apply for state lifespan respite voucher programs sustainability tools lifespan respite grantee and partner learning symposiums state lifespan respite summits presentations & webinarspolicy & advocacy mission & history of the national respite coalition national respite coalition policy actions legislative alerts respite facts and talking points advocacy tips legislative history of lifespan respiteresearch arch respite research initiative 2024 respite research summit proceedings committee for advancement of respite research publications findings & updates annotated bibliography of respite and crisis care services recommendations for future researchnews & events news funding opportunities upcoming webinars and events 2025 national lifespan respite conference conference registration conference program keynote speakers 2025 conference sponsors sponsorship information 2024 national lifespan respite conferenceabout arch mission & history arch team arch advisory committee become an arch member contact sign up for arch newsresources search the library webinars podcasts arch products and publications medicaid waivers




menu 




×
caregivers find a respite provider planning for respite types of respite how to choose a respite provider how to pay for respite how do i get paid to be a family caregiver? fact sheets for family caregiversrespite providers respite provider portal how to become a respite provider provider training resources program evaluation innovative and exemplary respite services conversations on caregiving: exploring respite care innovations volunteer and faith-based respitelifespan respite state respite coalition and lifespan respite contacts lifespan respite 101 grantee activities and key accomplishments learning collaboratives state lifespan respite tools & examples by category performance measurement respite voucher programs apply for state lifespan respite voucher programs sustainability tools lifespan respite grantee and partner learning symposiums state lifespan respite summits presentations & webinarspolicy & advocacy mission & history of the national respite coalition national respite coalition policy actions legislative alerts respite facts and talking points advocacy tips legislative history of lifespan respiteresearch arch respite research initiative 2024 respite research summit proceedings committee for advancement of respite research publications findings & updates annotated bibliography of respite and crisis care services recommendations for future researchnews & events news funding opportunities upcoming webinars and events 2025 national lifespan respite conference conference registration conference program keynote speakers 2025 conference sponsors sponsorship information 2024 national lifespan respite conferenceabout arch mission & history arch team arch advisory committee become an arch member contact sign up for arch newsresources search the library webinars podcasts arch products and publications medicaid waivers










 















find a respite provider













share this page:












share on facebook








𝕏
share on x









share on linkedin









share on email









share on print































national respite locator service
arch does not provide respite care, but we may be able to help you find it in your local community through your state respite coalition or lifespan respite program or through resources listed below, including state provider registries or the eldercare locator.
if you cannot find respite through the resources listed above, we also maintain the national respite locator service (nrls), which helps parents, family caregivers, and professionals find respite services in their state and local area to match their specific needs. the nrls lists primarily home care agencies, assisted living, or state or community-based agencies that provide respite care. if you find that a listing is out of date or no longer providing respite care, please contact arch.
if you have a respite program or service you would like to list on the nrls, please visit the respite provider portal.















state respite coalition or lifespan respite program
if your state has a state respite coalition or lifespan respite care program, be sure to contact them first for information about respite providers or ways to pay for respite.
contact information

















search for respite on the national respite locator









find respite care











disclaimers




disclaimers:
the user understands that the national respite locator service ("locator service") is for informational purposes only and is not all-inclusive. the fact that an organization or provider is listed in the database does not represent an endorsement, and the fact that an organization or provider is not listed in the database does not constitute a lack of endorsement for any purpose. the locator service assumes no responsibility for any claims arising from use of the online database. we do not check the background, references, experience or any other aspect of the agencies, companies and individuals listed in the data base. users searching for respite are responsible for reviewing the experience, background checks, and qualifications of any respite provider or agency that you hire. . for more information and guidance on how to select a respite provider, please carefully review how to choose a respite provider.
 



terms and conditions for providers




terms and conditions for registered respite providers: 
this is a free service provided by the arch national respite network. you agree to the following terms and conditions when you register your service or program on the locator service.  the information provided in the national respite locator service ("locator service") is for personal and non-commercial informational purposes only and is not intended to be an all-inclusive listing of respite providers.  the locator service does not warrant the accuracy of, or ensure the quality of any service provider listed or located through this service. the locator service does not endorse any service provider, and does not assume responsibility for any claims arising from this locator service database or the use thereof. the locator service does not check the background or references of any companies or individual listed in the database.
by agreeing to these terms and conditions, the registrant further agrees to: (1) allow email notifications to be addressed to the registrant; (2) update their listing when necessary or requested to do so; and, (3) provide services that meet all state and federal licensing requirements and any other applicable regulations. you represent and warrant that you and any of your employees have never been the subject of a complaint, restraining order or any other legal action involving, arrested for, charged with, or convicted of any felony, any criminal offense involving violence, abuse, neglect, fraud or larceny, or any offense that involves endangering the safety of others, dishonesty, negligence or drugs, and (ii) are not nor have ever been registered, and are not currently required to register, as a sex offender with any government entity.
 


























for family caregivers.....
















abcs of respite


a consumer guide for family caregiversbefore searching for respite, please read the consumer guide, the abcs of respite, for assistance in choosing a respite care provider and for additional funding and support information.be sure to also carefully review planning for respite, how to choose a respite provider and how to pay for respite.see also the nine steps to respite for family caregivers. 



										read more									

























important resources for finding respite care
please note: the national respite locator database is not a complete list of all the respite programs that exist. if you fail to find a program near you on our list or need more information, you should check with your state lifespan respite program or state respite coalition, an area agency on aging (aaa), or an aging and disability resource center/no wrong door (adrc). the eldercare locator provides contact information for area agencies on aging and  adrcs.  there are many other resources listed below.

see also how to pay for respite services.








state respite registries, adrc/no wrong door systems, and statewide public or private access points




you may find resources specific to your state through select state respite registries, state adrc/no wrong door systems, 211 information and referral services, or resources listed and/or provided by other public or private organizations.
phi matching service registries tracks matching service registries throughout the country, which "match" consumers who need home care or respite with workers—based on needs, preferences, and availability. 

alabama
alabama lifespan respite network has a free online database of respite providers searchable by county, type of disability and age. 

arizona
the arizona caregiver coalition has a resource help line to help you find respite. call 888-737-7494. find information about their respite voucher program.

arkansas
this registry connects those needing respite care with respite care providers. direct care professionals or providers can sign up as a respite care provider, and caregivers can search this database for in-home or agency-based respite care providers that most closely meet their needs.

california
the 11 nonprofit california caregiver resource centers (crcs), serve family caregivers of adults affected by chronic and debilitating health conditions, degenerative diseases, or traumatic brain injury. find a local center. 
the ca department of developmental services oversees the coordination and delivery of services, including respite, for californians who are children or adults with developmental disabilities through a statewide network of 21 community-based, non-profit agencies known as regional centers. regional centers provide assessments, determine eligibility for services, and offer case management services. find a center.

colorado
colorado respite coalition developed a resource directory that includes an online respite and resource finder which is an online database that helps parents, family caregivers, and professionals find respite care services in colorado and local areas to match their specific needs.   

connecticut
find respite providers through rewarding work. 

florida
the fl state disability agency, the agency for persons with disabilities (apd) maintains a community resource directory, apd cares, that includes respite providers for people  with disabilities.

idaho
the idaho caregiver alliance maintains the family caregiver navigator to help you learn about available services and find respite and other caregiver supports.

indiana
the inconnect alliance is comprised of fifteen aging and disability resource centers, serving sixteen areas, throughout indiana to help navigate the system of long term services and supports. please call 800-713-9023, or find a local alliance member.  you can also search for respite services and subsidies or assisted living and nursing home facilities.
for information on respite for children, visit indiana family to family respite fact sheet. 

kansas
kansas maintains a respite provider registry through rewarding work.

massachusetts
the massachusetts lifespan respite program established statewide online respite provider registries through rewarding work.  
you can also get help finding respite and other caregiver supports through mass options call toll free: 800-243-4636, monday - friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm to speak with a specialist.

mississippi
the mississippi access to care network (mac) has an online searchable data base for respite, adult day services, and many other supports. you can also reach them by calling 844-822-4622. 

montana
the mt lifespan respite (lsr) coalition in partnership with the aging and disability resource center (adrc) has made available a public website of resources focusing on montana seniors and people with disabilities. the lsr coalition collected respite services available in montana and this information is included in the adrc resource directory searchable database.

nebraska
nebraska lifespan respite network maintains a respite database on the nebraska resource and referral system. you can also connect to a ne lifespan respite network regional coordinator who can assist in finding services.

nevada
the nevada care connection network helps older adults, people with disabilities, veterans, and family members connect with the services and programs they need. you can find one-on-one assistance or if you know what you need, they will connect you. while they do not have a respite registry, they have a section devoted to caregiver support.

new york
ny connects provides free, unbiased information about long term services and supports, including respite, in new york state for people of all ages or with any type of disability. visit ny connects and enter respite in the keyword search.

north carolina
the north carolina lifespan respite project produced publicly funded respite options for caregivers in north carolina, august 2021.
you can also search for respite on north carolina 211 provided by united way of north carolina.

oklahoma
okcares respite locator  -   the oklahoma caregiver coalition’s mission is to improve the supports and experiences over the lifespan of caregivers through education, advocacy, and access to resources. 

rhode island
if you are age 55 or older, an adult living with a disability, or a caregiver, call or visit the point to talk with a specialist and get connected to resources in your area – for free. explore options for respite and caregiver support and get help with applying to public and private programs.
call 401.462.4444 or 2-1-1 anytime or visit one of six point offices during business hours.

south dakota
to search for respite providers in sd, visit the respite provider directory on the sd lifespan respite website or visit dakota at home.

tennessee
if you need respite provider or help paying for respite, contact the all the tennessee respite coalition.
you can also search for respite services on the tennessee aging and disability resource center (adrc) website. the adrc provides information and assistance to older persons, adults with physical disabilities, caregivers, and professionals looking for services or programs available in tennessee.

texas
the texas inventory of respite services on the take time texas website is a comprehensive, searchable database of respite providers throughout the state of texas. each provider record contains helpful information about the services provided, languages spoken, care specialties, and contact information.

virginia
virginia caregiver solution center provides respite resources for caregivers across the lifespan including parents of children with disabilities and adults with disabilities as well as for caregivers of older adults. individuals can search for community services as well as educational information. visit the solution center. 
the virginia navigator will help you find respite services that serve older adults, people with disabilities, veterans, caregivers and their families.

washington
lifespan respite washington has a respite voucher program and a searchable data base of respite providers registered with their program.

wisconsin
respite care association of wisconsin (rcaw) manages a statewide wisconsin respite care registry of trained respite care providers.  for more information, visit their website.
 



national family caregiver support program




respite is one of the supports offered through the state's family caregiver support program, most often administered through the area agency on aging (aaa). individuals eligible for respite care under this program are:


family caregivers providing care for individuals age 60 or older;


family caregivers providing care for individuals with alzheimer's disease and related disorders, regardless of age; or


grandparents and other relative caregivers (not parents) 55 years of age and older providing care to children under age 18; or


grandparents, parents, and other relative caregivers 55 years of age and older providing care to adults ages 18-59, with disabilities, to whom they are related by blood, marriage, or adoption.


tribal organizations can set a lower age than 60 for members to be considered as elders eligible for services.


to find the family caregiver support program closest to you, visit the eldercare locator
 



veteran and military caregiver support 




veterans' caregiver support
if you are a veteran or the family caregiver of a veteran, please visit the va's caregiver support program, contact a caregiver support coordinator, or call the support line at 1-855-260-3274.

psycharmor respite courses 
va caregiver respite tool to help plan your respite time

military family caregiver support
military onesource provides caregiver supports and resources. visit their website to learn more. contact military onesource at 800-342-9647. oconus/international? view calling options.
exceptional family member program respite
child care aware® of america partners with the u. s. navy to provide efm respite care to eligible families. together we have established a quality respite child care program for families with children (birth through 18 years) who have special needs and are enrolled in the exceptional family member program. read more about the exceptional family member (efm) respite care. 
for other branches of the military, contact the exceptional family member program office near you by visiting militaryinstallations or contact military onesource at 800-342-9647.
additional resources for caregivers of veterans or in military families

american red cross military and veteran caregiver network: 
nine steps to respite for military or veteran caregivers

 



adult day services




to see if there are adult day services centers in your area, visit the national association of adult day services association. these services are often covered by medicaid or are available on a sliding fee scale. 
find an adult day center
 
 



summer camp resources








friendship circle has provided valuable links to summer camps for both children and adults with disabilities. see the following links.


25 summer camps for individuals with special needs


19 more summer camps for individuals with special needs 


united cerebral palsy and easterseals also have summer camps across the country. some camps are inclusive of all individuals, with and without disabilities. very special camps has a national directory of camps for individuals with special needs. 
12 camps for kids who need a little help include camps that provide support to children who have experienced the loss of a loved one, domestic violence, substance abuse, a traumatic accident or who have behavioral, emotional, or physical needs who are in foster care or in the custody of their grandparents.

 



 



emergency respite




planning for emergency respite
emergency respite, also known as crisis care respite, is often needed when the caregiver experiences illness, job loss, death in the family, domestic violence, homelessness, or another emergency. emergency respite is short term care that may last from one hour to several weeks depending on the needs of the primary caregiver and may take place in-home or out-of-home.
when a crisis occurs you may be especially stressed and anxious about the incident that caused the crisis as well as the fate of your loved one if and when you have to leave. the care recipient will likely pick up on the anxiety and perhaps become agitated and anxious themselves. it is important to not only consider this, but to be prepared for it. it’s important that all transitions are made as comfortable and anxiety-free as possible.
do advance planning. searching for emergency respite in advance of an emergency situation will help alleviate fears about having to leave the care recipient suddenly. the search will involve as much advance planning as possible.
questions to consider when developing an emergency respite plan are:
• who are the respite providers in close enough proximity to provide assistance at any hour?
well in advance of any emergency or crisis situation, family caregivers should make every attempt to identify in-home providers or out-of-home programs in the immediate area that will provide emergency respite. if possible, using these providers for planned respite experiences will help familiarize the care recipient to the program or provider and will also ensure that the provider is familiar with the care recipient’s special needs. make sure that the provider or program has all necessary medical and personal information about the care recipient in advance of the emergency.
• can the emergency respite accommodate individuals who are dependent on medications or other ‘invasive’ procedures for their survival?
“my husband is an insulin-dependent diabetic. can the program measure his blood sugar and administer the correct amount of insulin?” ”my child can take no food or liquids by mouth and requires gastric tube feedings. can the respite program legally and safely administer the feedings?” these are very real concerns for caregivers and may also be a liability issue for respite providers. all respite programs should have a risk management plan in place to protect the care recipients and those who are providing the care. read more in arch national respite guidelines.
many programs are not equipped to provide care to someone who is ventilator dependent or has other serious medically related needs and it is important for caregivers and care recipients to have this information in advance.
• is the emergency respite program equipped to handle behavioral challenges imposed by the care recipient and do they have policies and procedures in place for doing so?
consider an individual with serious mental health issues who may have a history of repeated suicide attempts, a child with autism, or an adult with dementia, who is adept at escaping his or her surroundings and running away. when the family is already in crisis due to the situation that warranted emergency respite, they need to feel confident that their loved one will be cared for in a safe, responsible and supportive manner.
not all respite programs can offer that degree of care. it is therefore up to the professionals who are assisting families in crisis, to assist them in finding appropriate accommodations for their loved one with extensive special needs. while these are concerns that everyone who seeks planned respite must consider, for those in a crisis situation there may not be time for the caregiver to research whether or not these concerns will be appropriately addressed.
accessing services. if a family member is anticipating an emergency situation, like an impending trial date or a planned medical procedure, they have time to prepare for care that is out of the realm of their traditional planned respite. even for a family who does not receive planned respite services, advanced warning provides them with an opportunity to find safe shelter for the family members in their care. these situations allow caregivers to plan for short term ‘emergency’ respite care.
planning for a possible emergency is somewhat easier for families who regularly use planned respite or are involved in other family caregiver support services. they already have a relationship with a provider and can more easily broach the subject of planning in the event of an emergency.
not all families have additional family, friends and respite providers who they can call upon in an emergency. for those families who are isolated and lack family or a social network of potential helpers, they may want to contact their health care provider, hospital social worker, public health nurse, law enforcement or other professional helpers who can direct them quickly to the services they may need.
there are always some emergencies that do not allow for a caregiver to thoughtfully turn over the care to someone else. again, planning in advance is critical.
funding for emergency respite. most home and community based medicaid waivers include provisions for emergency as well as planned respite. each state’s eligibility criteria and funding for waivers is different; check with your state’s medicaid office. your local area agency on aging may also set aside funds for emergency respite through its family caregiver support program, but you must meet certain eligibility requirements as well. increasingly, state lifespan respite programs have developed respite vouchers to help pay for respite in emergency situations. check with your state lifespan respite program or a state respite coalition if there is one.
recommendations for family caregivers preparing for respite during an emergency:

before an emergency occurs, check with your physician or case manager (if you have one) for possible emergency respite providers in your locality. reach out to community or faith based agencies for recommendations of respite programs or volunteers who might be available in an emergency.
research options and funding sources for emergency respite before an emergency occurs. contact your state lifespan respite program, state respite coalition, medicaid agency, or aging and disability resource center for a list of possible services, funding possibilities and other resources for emergency care or search your state’s resources in the arch national respite locator service.
once you have identified possible providers in closest proximity to you, reach out to potential providers to find out about their criteria and process for accessing care in an emergency and do as much advance planning as possible. if necessary, pre-certify the care recipient in more than one program or with more than one home care agency. before an emergency occurs, utilize these providers for planned respite so that the provider and the care recipient will be prepared and comfortable with the respite arrangement in an emergency situation.
prepare a list of questions to ask potential providers. questions to consider include whether the program can legally and safely administer medication, gastric tube feedings or other special medical procedures, and if the program has a risk management plan to protect care recipients.
inquire about the credentials and work experience of the staff/volunteers who will be providing care. if required, find out if providers are trained to deal with behavioral issues or dementia.

for more information and resources, see the arch fact sheet on emergency respite: help for family caregivers in critical times of need.
download this fact sheet. 
 



crisis nurseries




crisis nurseries, also known as crisis or emergency care, provide temporary respite for families experiencing challenging life circumstances that place their children at risk for abuse and/or neglect. created to provide immediate stress relief for parents and caregivers in times of crisis, the care provided by most nurseries can be accessed any time of the day or night and is offered free-of charge.  read more.
crisis nurseries list
 



children's mental health




statewide family networks are funded by the substance abuse and mental health services administration (samhsa). the purpose of the networks is to enhance state capacity and infrastructure to better respond to the needs of children and adolescents with serious emotional disturbance and their families by providing information, referrals, and support. the networks also create a mechanism for families to participate in state and local mental health services planning and policy development. get a list of statewide family networks.
the national federation of families, another resource for children's mental health, is a national family-run organization linking more than 120 chapters and state organizations focused on the issues of children and youth with emotional, behavioral, or mental health needs and substance use challenges and their families.
 



children with special health care needs




family to family health information center (f2f) and family voices: for assistance in finding services and supports for children with special health care needs from other parents and professionals, find your state's f2f center or family voices state chapter. 
 



kinship navigator programs




from the grandfamilies & kinship support network
kinship navigator programs offer information, referral, and follow-up services to grandparents and other relative caregivers to link them to the benefits and services that they and the children they care for need. the grandfamilies & kinship support network maintains a list of kinship navigator programs for all 50 states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and the u.s. virgin islands.
kinship navigator programs
 



disability and aging organizations




many disability organizations, such as easterseals, the arc, or the autism society provide respite or can help you find respite resources. 
dementia specific organizations, such as the alzheimer's association or member organizations of the alzheimer's foundation also provide respite services. 
see also how to pay for respite services.
 
 



home care providers or facility-based respite




many home care agencies list their respite services in the national respite locator. if you are unable to find a home care agency near you on the nrls, the following information may be helpful.
online registries for home care workers. if you have the resources to self-pay, you can find home care workers online through carelinx, care.com, or if you live in ct, ks, or ma, visit rewarding work.   
private home care agencies may also provide in-home respite and other care supports that are available through self-pay, long-term care insurance, or through medicaid. to find a home care agency, visit the home care association of america directory.  you can also search on medicare.gov, 
for overnight respite, you might want to contact assisted living or nursing home facilities in your area. if they have available beds, they may offer respite, especially if you can self-pay. you can find home care agencies in your area as well that might be able to send someone into your home to provide care overnight. try using caring.com or a place for mom to find these types of providers.
 



adoptive or foster families




see arch fact sheet: respite for adoptive families
several additional resources exist that may be able to help you find post-adoption respite services or respite for foster care parents.
for parents and caregivers:
families rising
adopt-us-kids
national foster parent association   to find local assistance, visit the national foster parent association council of state affiliates (cosa)
for professionals
national center for enhanced post-adoption support
 
 












caregivers










 



caregivers find a respite provider planning for respite types of respite how to choose a respite provider how to pay for respite how do i get paid to be a family caregiver? fact sheets for family caregiversrespite providers respite provider portal how to become a respite provider provider training resources program evaluation innovative and exemplary respite services conversations on caregiving: exploring respite care innovations volunteer and faith-based respitelifespan respite state respite coalition and lifespan respite contacts lifespan respite 101 grantee activities and key accomplishments learning collaboratives state lifespan respite tools & examples by category performance measurement respite voucher programs apply for state lifespan respite voucher programs sustainability tools lifespan respite grantee and partner learning symposiums state lifespan respite summits presentations & webinarspolicy & advocacy mission & history of the national respite coalition national respite coalition policy actions legislative alerts respite facts and talking points advocacy tips legislative history of lifespan respiteresearch arch respite research initiative 2024 respite research summit proceedings committee for advancement of respite research publications findings & updates annotated bibliography of respite and crisis care services recommendations for future researchnews & events news funding opportunities upcoming webinars and events 2025 national lifespan respite conference conference registration conference program keynote speakers 2025 conference sponsors sponsorship information 2024 national lifespan respite conferenceabout arch mission & history arch team arch advisory committee become an arch member contact sign up for arch newsresources search the library webinars podcasts arch products and publications medicaid waivers








for respite providers
























share on facebook








𝕏
share on x









share on linkedin









share on email









share on print











share this page:









 



















arch national respite network



arch is access to respite care and helpphone: 703.256.2084mailing address:4220 nc-55, suite 330durham, nc 27713 

























arch is a program of families and communities rising













visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our linkedin page





 






privacy policycontactsite map















© copyright 2000 - 2024, arch national respite network | all rights reserved.
this website is supported by the administration for community living (acl), u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) as part of a financial assistance award totaling $1,647,597 with 75 percentage funded by acl/hhs and $549,200 amount and 25 percentage funded by non-government source(s). the contents are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the official views of, nor an endorsement, by acl/hhs, or the u.s. government.









 

scroll to top













please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

