


antarnihito




















    
	antarnihito
	
  
a bengali word for quintessence





monday, december 24, 2007



	 
	 test
	 
    


 



posted by shaggy at 4:26 am
1 comments






friday, july 14, 2006



	 
	 old poem at orkut
	 
    


when the stars are cloudedthe night envelopes me with its darknessthe cresent moon burned by the hypocrisyit is your love that guides meburning a shining path throught its florscentwhitenessa purity that removes the darkness of my soulas i am freed foreverfrom the bonds of destiny and purpose.i had written this on a cloudy dark evening when my heart was down and was on the the anniversary of my girlfriends accident. she died but worse thanthat she maimed me as i will probably be never the same again.



posted by shaggy at 2:55 am






tuesday, july 04, 2006



	 
	 damn
	 
    


damn that's a correct word for all our idiosyncrasies whether it be delaying the inevitable or the recurrent. damn i am the only single man out here. damn it i should have started it a week ago. damn she has a ass to die for. i have correctly come to the logical conclusion that damn is actually a metaphor for the whole gamut of emotions that state "what you fuck up will come back to bite your ass as the world is but round" as one my friends had eloquently stated before damnation of the whole world. its been a while since i have posted and during this time the only knowledge i have been given and i am rendering it free for everyone is that a credit card bill goes on incrementing. every "damn" month i think hey here it goes i am paying the bill in totality but i forget the expenditure of the current month which amounts to exactly what i wanted to pay. i think i have a dr. hyde in me. the self gratification of a dr has been added by yours truly cause of my mighty progress in my phd which amounts to null. so there you go guys my happening life and oh by the way i have been labeled by some girls as "take home to mummy guy". in what sense pray i should take it oh you devious female mind by magnificent coincidences.



posted by shaggy at 12:18 am






wednesday, november 30, 2005



	 
	 the scorpio man
	 
    


the scorpio manlet's strip away the glamour and the smokescreens and see what's underneath. the emotional needs of the scorpio man are utterly human: affection, acceptance, reassurance, intimacy, love, companionship. in large quantities. scorpio men cannot bear coldness or falseness in a partner. that mask of detachment is a mask. remember that. no scorpio man will advertise the fact that he's hurt or feeling neglected. you have to train as a telepath.the scorpio man is embarrassed by the presence of so much strong emotion in himself. that's when he becomes the hard-driving, ruthless, ambitious scorpio of the textbook descriptions. but think of what it took to get him that way. can you ever get a scorpio man to let down his defences? maybe. maybe not. in the end, it isn't up to you. it rests with the scorpio himself.this isn't an easy man to live with. for one thing, you won't get straight answers if you ask pertinent questions like, "do you love me?" on the other hand, you'll get brutal scrapings of the bottom of the barrel when you least want it - like a vicious hour-long analysis of your motives in flirting with so-and-so at the party, and why it stems from your sexual inadequacies and your rejection by your parents. if you thought you had secrets from him, think again.the scorpio man can cut deep if he wants to, and his need to retaliate can take precedence over tolerance and compassion. he can be very destructive when he's hitting back at you for some hurt you've inflicted on him without your even realising it. tell you that you hurt his feelings? not likely. often he won't apologise either.to live with this man, you must truly respect and like him. passionate attraction alone isn't enough. and you must understand him - how his acute perceptions isolate him, what his depth of feeling does to him in a society which rewards superficiality, what his sensitivity means in a world which doesn't value it. if you can't like him, then leave him alone, because you'll never change him, and if you ask, he'll probably do the opposite.this man doesn't appreciate either an amazon or a clinging limpet. he wants to be needed. on the other hand, he respects strength. if you make allowances for his pride, which won't permit him to admit a wrong or lose a battle, no lover is more devoted, compassionate, insightful or gentle. show your pain to a scorpio man and he'll do anything for you. treat him with shallowness, demean him, and you have no chance of receiving anything at all except his unpleasantness, which can be unbelievably unpleasant. and don't trifle. a scorpio man who thinks he's being mocked with can be the most difficult person in the world. his pride won't allow it.and what about the possessiveness? well, let's be realistic. it's not going to go away. nor is his feeling that he has the prerogative - for flirtations, for affairs, for whatever he feels he wants or needs - while you don't, since you're his. because there's a battleground inside him, the scorpio man perceives life as a battleground, and you're either on his side or not. it's that simple. this man can't forgive betrayal, but it's a much deeper issue than mere sexual betrayal. when he gives his love, he bares his soul, and if you betray that, you've lost him. forever. you can betray him even if you're sexually constant, just by treating his deepest and most passionate beliefs and convictions with contempt or dismissal.somewhere deep inside, the scorpio man is a warrior fighting for the truth. he may not think in such grand metaphysical terms, and he might not welcome too much probing of his motives. but there it is. you don't turn to your comrade on the battlefield and say, "well, actually, i think the enemy might have a point. let's be reasonable and discuss where you're at fault."you're for him or against him. he's prepared to offer the same passionately loyalty he expects in return. the best gift you can give him is to believe in him, and side with him when he's going through one of his "the world doesn't understand me!" phases. scorpio trusts few people because few people are really trustworthy. give him your true allegiance, and you'll have a genuine dyed-in-the-wool champion. for life.



posted by shaggy at 12:11 pm






wednesday, november 02, 2005



	 
	 another eventful day
	 
    


ever had one of those days when you feel you have started everything on the right feet. i had a day like that today. am amazing night with my dream of an woman, had a good exam next was followed by an amazing italian food and finally an indian dinner. and then a complete packet of cigarettes to smoke away to glory. and at exactly 12:00 my pack of cigarettes finished. my stomach rumbled and rained down. my credit card company cancelled my credit limit for defaulting. the woman of my dreams phoned me up to say she is breaking up with me. okay fine the woman part never happened but you can always dream on. so was the day like today. i have a belief that for me god balances every good day with a bad one next day to balance the optimism. oh by the way something nice turned out. one of my friends has become completely love struck. you could probably ask him to get the moon now and he would do that. he is a good guy and i wish him all the best in his life. though i have a question for her. he !!!! :-dhappy diwali to one and all and long live the amazing delhi people who can celebrate with such fervor after such a horrifying accident. well you can always defend them by noting their proximity to politicians and they are already in the throes of agony cause the politicians. but nevertheless that is why it is india my love.



posted by shaggy at 11:33 am
1 comments






thursday, october 06, 2005



	 
	 i am what i am
	 
    


hey guys this is what i am scorpios are highly dangerous, even at a distance. they cheat and lie, live for intrigue, and take pleasure in destroying.pathological sadists and masochists simultaneously, they will not find any means too low or dishonorable if it can aid in reaching their goals.going to great lengths, they will strive to create a positive image of themselves, just so they can backstab an opponent when he least expects it.their career is built on the bodies of their more scrupulous victims. if a scorpio just told you how much he values your friendship, be certain he has already ratted you out to the boss in an attempt to curry favor.scorpios are famous for their affinity to dirty jokes and cheap porno movies. they will spread rumors about their sexual conquests, cruelly smearing anyone unlucky enough to be involved with them. i never knew i am a pathological liar, a pornographic sultan, a masochist (beware the feminists) and a mr. hyde to boot. man am i wanted in todays society. guess at least i will be successful in  life.



posted by shaggy at 11:49 pm






wednesday, june 01, 2005



	 
	 the last vestiges of mumbai
	 
    


today is the last thursday at mumbai, the place where i have learnt the most and which has in return not asked me for a penny. salaam mumbai!today my old roommate gonna come down to visit me. gyan old buddy waiting for you. i had a near miss in my visa interview but ultimately everythings fine and i will soon be off to the lan of oz.finally after a lot of internal coaxing i brought a denim for me. hey what the heck fatter men than me wear it for the sake of it. so why can't i? if god was all powerful and all omnipotent why did he create the apple tree if he knew man was to bite the apple? but why? on that note and blessed be the chicks that grace j.w.merriot in mumbai i sign off.



posted by shaggy at 9:24 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  shaggy 

view my complete profile

links

my photo memoirs
the school homepage
thank you google for everything

previous posts

test
old poem at orkut
damn
the scorpio man
another eventful day
i am what i am
the last vestiges of mumbai
end of innocence and oh calcutta my calcutta
finale
romanticism or practicality

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
october 2005
november 2005
july 2006
december 2007

 blogs i read


chandi
josh
modi
abesh









 



