





association of european regional spice producers – growing together for a promising future






























skip to content









menu



association of european regional spice producers



home
food safety








association of european regional spice producers

















home 

the association of european regional spice producers is non profit organization dedicated to giving a voice to our regional spice producers. we have together as a lobbying group to lobby the central government to recognize our initiatives to further bolster our industry.
we are seeking to become recognized as a significant agricultural group within europe. the aer group accounts for 80% of europe’s spice exports. we collectively ensure that our farmers receive a fair price for their goods and that their voices are heard.
we are active in ensuring the industry of our farmers remains protected and that their lands are protected. through urban sprawl, many farmers’ land continue to be wiped out and decimated. 
we also provide grants to farmers so that they can expand their businesses. our goal is to ensure that europe is a large player when it comes to global spice distribution.
europe is recognized worldwide for their sustainable and eco friendly farming practices. we mandate our farmers to reduce their reliance of pesticides and herbicides to ensure that the spices grown are as pure as they can be. 
aer is also working to encourage the new generation to take up farming and farming related skills. we believe that agriculture pioneers are necessary in advancing our economies.  the lands of europe are highly fertile and are a very suitable environment for the growing of spices. 
we are proud to say that our association has producers of over 100 different spices. some of the spices our association produces include:
cinnamonblack pepperwhite pepperstar anisecayenne peppergarlic powder
sustainable planting is the key to the longevity of our farms. we are encouraging farmers to stop practices that reduce the life span of their fields. conventional practices contaminate farming lands for years and years. 
aer is a large sponsor of innovation and has partnered with the university of london to innovate new forms of natural insecticides and herbicides. 


our sponsors
young-winfield inc. is an importer of wholesale spices and herbs from the association of european regional spice producers. we work hand in hand with them to ensure ethical manufacturing processes. they are our official representative in canada. 
simply ingredient spices is a strong canadian spice partner that has donated generously to our cause. through their generous donations we have been able to set up a strict food quality monitoring team to ensure only high quality spices enter the european zone. simply ingredient is a manufacturer of food products such as wholesale spices, wholesale herbs and food ingredients 

 .












			©2025 association of european regional spice producers							

					 | wordpress theme by  superbthemes.com
















