




kitchen doctor home page - hosted by ingrid naiman




























essays

alzheimer's disease
flower reverence
four thieves
germ theories
mold
pairs of opposites
soap


health

depression
excess estrogen
gall stones
immunity
jetlag
mold
parasites
toxic metals


herbs

artemisia annua
black cumin
black walnut
cilantro
galangal
lavender
st. john's wort


ingrid naiman

bio
growing old
mid-life tune up
links to sites
subscribe


kitchen doctor

background history
directory
home
links to sites
podcasts
subscribe


sections 

archives
ayurveda
bulletin board
essays
podcasts
recipes
reprints


shop

books
herbs
personal care










search 













 introductionmeet ingrid naimankitchen doctor concept
popular topics  adrenal exhaustiongall bladderimmunityjetlagmoldparasites toxic metalsxenoestrogens
main sections aromatherapyayurveda black cumincancer cilantro energetic balance 
herbal formulas gall bladderfungiparasites
mid-life tune uptable of contentsdetoxification
personal carehairmassage oils skin balmssoaptoxic additives 
 articleslist of articlespdfs
 recipeslist of recipesgoji & lycium berries
gift suggestions gift ideas specials
archivesarchived postsbulletin boardreprints
diy projects  grow your own food sprouting 
publications books & tapes  cookbooks
informationdirectory/site maphome linkssacred medicine sanctuary & faq shippingsubscription management



 















 














there are a number of interesting articles on historic immune strategies as well as ingrid naiman's "take" on immunity, measures that individuals can take to enhance immunity and protect against
                 risks of infections, and links to places to purchase her superb line of immune formulas. there are even recipes for people who prefer to make their own remedies.



 


the hostess of this site has an entire web site devoted to mold, including some discussion of antifungal herbs. 
 

chronic fatigue syndrome
            & allergies
stress
            can be difficult to pinpoint. stress can be job- or
            money-related.  one may not like the work or the
            work place or other people at the office; one may not
            be earning enough to make ends meet.  stress can
            also be physical: working long hours, not sleeping
            well, straining oneself to meet perceived outside obligations,
            or sports-related, such as with marathon competitors.
living with an alcoholic or a person
            who gambles is stressful, but living with someone one
            instinctively dislikes or mistrusts is harder to recognize
            as a stressor.  there are pathogenic factors that
            one may or may have identified.  these can be as
            subtle, but real, such as anxiety over global politics
            and the manner in which people in high positions exercise
            their power to as unrecognized as proximity to ley lines,
            outgassing of building materials, electrical frequencies,
            and astrophysical force fields.





             two audio cassettes
             in vinyl box, 





 
 



sacred medicine sanctuary has a wonderful line of therapeutic grade essential oils. we also have many books on aromatherapy as well as several inspiring articles.
 
 
parasite
            cleansing
three
            new products
there are over 3000 different parasites that
            have been loosely grouped into four different categories. according
            to the world health organization, 3.5 billion people suffer
            from some type of parasitic infection. not all of these people
            live in third world countries; many in the developed world
            have any number of parasitic infections, some of which are
            so highly contagious that extremely casual contact with something
            that has been handled by an infected person can infect another
            person.
. 


            download flash, allow time for loading 
 
 

st. john's wort is prized by sufferers of
            depression, seasonal affective disorder, anxiety,
            and sleep disorders. 
 
 

sacred medicine sanctuary offers a number of very pure soaps, especially ones with black cumin seed oil. we also have an extensive line of ayurvedic soaps, as well as some important articles and information on environmental and health reasons for using natural soaps. 

 





cilantro: 
             oral mercury chelation
dr. yoshiaki omura discovered
             that some patients were excreting more toxic metals
             after consuming a chinese soup containing cilantro.
 download pdf on mercury toxicity



 cilantro extract, 2 oz.



 
 
gall stones & gallbladder
the graphic below shows a gallbladder
            that has been surgically removed and cut so as to reveal the
            presence of gallstones. the third image shows a plate with the "catch" from
            someone who eliminated the stones using the flush method described
            on this site.

 
 
excess
            estrogen
pesticides, plastics, petroleum products,
            and "the pill" can mimic estrogen in the body and
            contribute to a host of serious imbalances that undermine health.
 
lycium and goji berries
goji berries are a specific variety
            of lycium, one that is not endangered. i have been working
            with lycium for many years already. in the past, i have made
            liver and eye tonics out of chinese lycium berries as well
            as new mexican wolf berries, another variety. i have also
            made smoothies,
            either with just lycium berries and water or with other ingredients
            such as lemon or pineapple juice, coconut milk, ginger and/or
            galangal juice and slices or even a touch of cardamom. i
            have made ice cream (absolutely the best anyone has ever
            tasted) with lycium berries and carrot juice with a little
            coconut, ginger, and cardamom. our tonic is made with the authentic mongolian berry and is immune enhancing as well as protective for people undergoing harsh treatments with pharmaceutical drugs. 




 
goji berry tonic, 4 oz. 
               


 



 download pdf file on the tonic
 
introduction
             to kitchen doctor

through diet, herbs, thought, life style,
            and meditation, the body either maintains harmony or exhibits
            the symptoms of imbalance. 













 


oil composition


oleic acid
49%


linoleic acid
 38%


linolenic acid
2%


the famous greekphysician dioscorides
             used black cumin seeds to treat headaches and toothaches. mohammed
             said that black cumin cures every disease but death itself. the
             reason might be found in the complex chemical structure of the
             seeds. these little seeds have over one hundred different chemical
             constituents, including abundant sources of all the essential fatty
             acids. though it is the oil that is most often used medicinally,
             the seeds are a bit spicy and are often used whole in cooking—curries,
             pastries, and mediterranean cheeses.


galangal
revered by hildegard of bingen, with digestive and
             immune boosting properties. 


 
 









 


      sacred medicine sanctuary
      poulsbo, washington
 
      copyright by sacred medicine sanctuary 2004, 2007, 2009, 2011 
contact us









*the material provided on this
      site is for informational purposes only. the author is not a medical
      doctor. the statements made represent the author's personal opinions
      and are not intended to replace the services of health care professionals.
      the content and products discussed have not been evaluated by the
      food and drug administration. the information on this page and
      the products available on this site are not intended to diagnose,
      treat, cure, or prevent any disease.




