







recycling & waste management services - cascades recovery+
















































































                                                                            fr                                            







contact uscareersnewscascades inc.


search ...  search 












about ushistorynewsservices and solutions shredding servicesrecycling serviceswaste solutionsbrand owner & packaging producers recovery ...plus recycling program our recycling process why cascades recovery+ sustainability is in our dna cascades - circular economy environmental consultantbuyer & broker  industry solutionsindustrial, commercial and institutional retailmunicipalgraphic industryfind a recycling centre 

request an assessment












it's not waste until we say it is

          a circular approach to recycling solutions        





















					takes recycling to new levels				






who
we are  



whether you are looking to implement a new recycling program, design better packaging or perfect a system or package that is already in place, cascades recovery+ is the partner for you. with over 50 years of experience in the design, build and implementation of recycling programs to collect all major products and packaging, our goal is to achieve the highest rates of recycling at the lowest cost.cascades recovery+ is not a waste management company; our focus is discarded material management and we realize everyone's needs are different. our cascades recovery …plus® program will provide a custom solution to meet your goals. all it takes is one free assessment by our environmental consultants to help you on the journey to a sustainable future. it’s not waste until we say it is!!
cascades recovery+ is a division of cascades canada ulc, an industry leader in the production of sustainable hygiene and packaging solutions. we close the loop for our partners by taking recyclables and turning them into new products. 




learn more
























recovery ...plus®
recycling program cycle of discarded materials
 



 
									




our success lies within our approach to understanding your business needs and sustainability goals. the recovery …plus® program is all you need to achieve the highest rate of diversion while minimizing costs. the program is built around a simple 5 step process called c.a.r.m.a. 























step 01







consult


          one of our environmental consultants will assist your team to establish your organizations sustainability goals and objectives        













step 02







assess


          an environmental consultant will execute a free facility assessment to understand the current recycling program and identify opportunities in the waste stream        













step 03







recover


          based on the findings in the consult & assess phase, we recommend options and implement solutions        













step 04







manage


          an account sustainability manager will support your program through on-going monitoring and training to ensure it is working efficiently - a truly hands on approach        













step 05







assure


          diversion reporting, load auditing and monthly sustainability reviews will be completed to ensure the goals and objectives set out from the consult phase have been met        










cascades is acircular company







cascades collects & processes recyclable materials, turning them back into new products that you can purchase . . .
resource recovery… resource return 





									transforming material creating value									










the recovery ...plus® program















we are not just
a service provider  




at cascades recovery+, we are focused on offering our partners customized recycling solutions that will deliver the most sustainable and economical results.
did you know?
that our partners experience an overall 70-90% diversion rate of materials from landfill; generating more than 40% reduction in their waste when the recovery ...plus® program is implemented. 







industry solutions




retail /grocers


          grocery and retail stores look to cascades recovery+ programs as their one-stop-shop for environmental solutions        




industrial, commercial & institutional


          with over 50 years of experience, cascades recovery+ understands the unique service needs of industrial/commercial and institutional customers        




municipal design, build & processing


          local municipalities are looking for cost-effective solutions that can help them meet their environmental obligations. cascades recovery+ provides those solution        




graphics


          we find innovative ways to improve your waste collection efficiently and within your budget        




brokerage - market ready management group (mrm) 


          with over 50 years of recycling brokerage experience, cascades recovery+ is a global partner you can trust        















find a recycling
centre  

visit the recycling centre page to view the location and contact information of a cascades recovery+ facility near you 



find a cascades recovery+ recycling centre













use a valid e-mail address
thank you
xhr
100

staying in touch
your email 
 
  by submitting this form, i accept that the information entered will be used as part of a request for a commercial relationship that may result  







about ushistorynewsservices and solutions shredding servicesrecycling serviceswaste solutionsbrand owner & packaging producers recovery ...plus recycling program our recycling process why cascades recovery+ sustainability is in our dna cascades - circular economy environmental consultantbuyer & broker  industry solutionsindustrial, commercial and institutional retailmunicipalgraphic industryfind a recycling centre 








customer service canada
toll free: 1-866-751-1004
customer service us
toll free: 1-866-839-0800
follow us 























cascades recovery+
a division of cascades canada ulc


						© 2025 


cascades recovery+, all rights reserved.

 confidentiality statement | term of use | accessibility | sitemap


























