






		lever | wifi survey & installation | wireless consultants | telecoms training	


































































     




  

×


about us

about lever
international clients and projects
our wi-fi network engineering process


services

serviceslever’s expert consulting, design, installation, optimisation, support and training services ensure that our customers get the best return on their investments in wireless technologies, networks and security infrastructures 

  
wireless

wi-fi site survey
wi-fi design survey
ekahau wi-fi design & survey
predictive wi-fi design
wi-fi verification survey
health check & diagnosis
wi-fi network optimisation



  
networking & iot

outdoor wireless solutions
lorawan iot solutions
wi-fi network installation



  
security

wi-fi security
wireless security policy
wireless security auditing



  
support

wireless consultancy
wireless network support
managed wi-fi services
contact us




sectors

sectorslever’s experience across practically all commercial, industry, education and government sectors means we can provide unrivalled advice, expertise and support in all digital wireless technologies.

our vendor-neutrality, industry leadership and authority help us to deliver unrivalled value on projects of all types and sizes.
sectors


  
commercial & officehigh-performance wi-fi solutions for today’s business environment and it’s changing demands 

  
educationtop-grade wi-fi for universities, colleges and schools to meet the needs of your students and staff

  
governmentexpertise in all digital wireless technologies, from gsm to 5g, ble, zigbee, wi-fi, lorawan, satcoms 

  
healthcarekeep staff, patients and visitors connected and secure, gain new insights and cut costs by 30%

  
hospitalityreflect your focus on customer satisfaction with guest wi-fi  that makes your customers happier

  
leisure & eventsreliable, secure, fully-managed wi-fi and park iot from the inventors of direct to van (dtv) wireless

  
manufacturingsmart manufacturing, robotics, iiot, voip, mqtt and more from the industry’s leading consultants

  
retailfast, reliable wi-fi for shoppers, staff, analytics and more with ble and iot integration 

  
warehousing and logisticsrock solid wi-fi and wireless iot for modern warehousing, logistics and smart supply chains

  
it and telecomscutting-edge consultancy, training, engineering and support for it companies and network operators

  
bespoke projectsno matter your requirement, tap into our unrivalled knowledge and experience in wireless technologies




training
case studies

case studiesas industry-leading wireless networking specialists, we’ve designed, installed and configured wireless solutions for a wide range of applications.
case studies


  
wi-fi for offices world-widewi-fi network design for a multi-national medical manufacturer

  
metro wireless cctv designsophisticated wireless design for metropolitan cctv camera network

  
russell group university wi-fidesigning wi-fi networks at scale for a leading russell group university

  
retail: robust multisite wi-firobust, high-performance wi-fi at prestigious retail shopping centres

  
warehouse wi-fi for voicewi-fi engineering for voice and real-time warehouse operations

  
leisure & holiday park wi-fiwi-fi for demanding customers at holiday parks and leisure venues




ekahau

ekahau wireless design and survey
ekahau ai pro
ekahau sidekick™  2
ekahau connect subscription
* ekahau measure – saas wi-fi survey
* ekahau ai pro online
hamina wireless vs ekahau ai pro
ekahau ecse training
ekahau sidekick 2 troubleshooting


hamina

lever certified hamina wireless planning (chpe™)
lever certified hamina wireless survey (chse™)
lever certified hamina wireless engineer (chne™)
lever certified hamina + ekahau engineer (chene™)
hamina wireless vs ekahau ai pro


insights

hamina wireless vs ekahau ai pro
why do wi-fi networks fail?
how to avoid a bad wireless network deployment
is expert wi-fi network design really necessary?
what is the wi-fi rf network?
lever’s experience in wireless network engineering
ekahau sidekick 2 troubleshooting


contact us






 training

training
lever are very different from other telecoms training companies because we engineer and support live customer networks.

training



  
5g, mobile, radio and wireless
 16 courses 


  
cwnp wireless certifications
 8 courses 


  
ekahau & hamina design & survey
 13 courses 


  
iot technology courses
 8 courses 


  
ip networking & voip
 11 courses 


  
it security
 3 courses 


  
management briefings
 4 courses 


  
telecommunications & satellite
 8 courses 


  
wcc wi-fi network engineering
 8 courses 




get in touch




















 expert wi-fi and network services that 							
enable operations


secure, reliable wireless networks, engineered to perform, boost productivity, and cut costs.
















take a new approach to wi-fi network ownership our deep niche of expertise means we can make bold promises – we’ll ﬁx your wi-fi and networking problems and keep you running optimally 24×365.







we get results
our industry-leading knowledge and deep expertise mean we can engineer highly intelligent, tailored solutions that deliver results.



experts that deliver
with more than 20 years of dedicated experience in wireless technologies, we have solutions for organisations of all shapes and sizes.



total peace of mind
if you have a problem with your wi-fi network, voice or video calls, ip network or cyber security, we’ll sort it and guarantee to find the optimal solution for you.











guaranteed performance the uk's leading wireless consultants specialising in umts, lte, 5g, wi-fi 6, wi-fi 6e, lorawan, zigbee and large-scale metropolitan wireless network infrastructures, we cover almost every digital wireless technology, including satellite communications. we lead the industry with new innovations in network planning, design, survey, installation, optimisation and support, and we stay at the forefront with deep insights into the latest wireless technologies.

contact us











  






our process
lever engineer wi-fi networks using state-of-the-art tools and methodologies that few, if any, other companies have.








01. plan

we consult with you to define in detail the specific requirements for your wi-fi network. outputs of this process include a definitive wi-fi rf network specification and capacity planning guide.




02. design

using methodologies developed since 2005, we design the optimal wireless network for you and guarantee that it will meet your requirements.




03. install

high-quality installation by our expert engineers, including advanced configuration, integration, testing and validation.




04. optimise

testing and commissioning of your wi-fi network includes a post-installation site survey to assess, optimise and validate against stringent design criteria.




05. support

we provide revolutionary wireless network support services that add substantial value – increasing uptime and availability to keep your operations running. read more >















our networking services
end-to-end services & solutions
we provide a complete range of services to organisations planning to implement wireless and mobile network solutions - performance, reliability and results guarenteed.






 
wireless

advice, training, services and solutions spanning all digital wireless technologies 





 
networking and iot

intelligent wireless, iot and ip networks, securely delivered – guaranteed





 
security

our deep niche of expertise means we can make bold promises.





 
support

dependable industry-leading expertise in wireless, iot and ip














wireless technology training
we write the books. literally.
as wireless networking, telecommunications and network infrastructure specialists, we have an unrivalled technical training capability. our world-leading curriculum includes unique courses, seminars and bespoke training programmes covering a wide range of wireless technologies.


view courses











proud to partner with the leading manufacturers






























repair, installation, training & support
get started
we’ll find the solution, performance guaranteed. get in touch to find out more.
contact us













     
lever technology group ltd is a leading wireless network consultancy, training and support services provider.






company
about us
services
sectors
case studies
contact us
 



our services
wireless
networking and iot
security
support
 



contact details

  lever technology group ltd
pikes head lodge
cattle lane
leeds, ls25 3bh
united kingdom 
 
 +44 (0)113 398 3300 

  engage@lever.co.uk 











© 2025 – lever technology group ltd, leeds, london, yorkshire, uk – wireless network consultants, installers, sales & support.





  


























type something below and press return to search or click a related link:


x close search
























