talent management & development solution | peoplefluentpeoplefluent logo linking to homepageproductscompensationkeep pay competitive.learningcreate programs that work.org chartinggain workforce insights.talent managementprioritize performance & succession.storiespower the skills that matter.solutionsservices and trainingcustomer supportdiscoverresourcesnewscustomer supporteventsblogcompanywhy peoplefluentabout uscontact uscareerseventspartnerstry peoplefluentmenuflexible workforce solutions for sophisticated organizationsachieving workforce agility while maintaining compliance is harder than ever. when you have sophisticated talent and learning management strategies, you need flexible software. deployed separately or as a suite, our industry-leading solutions span compensation, learning, org charting, performance, succession, and skills enablement for mid-to-large organizations.compensation softwarelearning softwareorg charting softwaretalent management software"we needed a product that was very intuitive, could be expanded rapidly and be multi-lingual. we found peoplefluent was robust enough to be able to handle the ten-thousand plus employees that we have now in the system."- hertz "it was a true partnership. no one thought we could get it done in 14 weeks. we were done in 12 weeks with two weeks to spare. again, that’s really because of the powerful partnership.​"- director of talent and faculty affairs, medical college of wisconsin "peoplefluent learning allows us to focus on education and transform learning and development within the hse."- national elearning services manager "orgpublisher has now become an integral part of our hr processes. at this point, it is almost inseparable. our hr team members see orgpublisher as their own management tool."- hr system security manager "peoplefluent’s services team is fantastic. they have a core team of people able to respond to your needs."- penn medicine "we talk more strategically because peoplefluent compensation’s ease of use gives us the space and time to do so. we’re not spending time concerned about whether the system's performing. we know it's doing what we want it to."- close brothers "i manage 50 contracts, and i would say peoplefluent is one of the best supports that we get. they’re very positive and very up for innovation. the team’s very hands-on and always ready to support any new ideas that we have."- learning and development manager 1234567 previous nextcompensationtotal rewards aren’t one-size-fits-all, and compensation software shouldn’t be either. get a flexible and comprehensive approach to compensation management.explore comprehensive compensation softwarelearningdevelop and execute your entire learning program with a configurable lms that can empower development while also ensuring compliance—all within the flow of work.explore enterprise learning managementtalent managementmanage complex workforce strategies with ease. robust talent management software supports and develops employees throughout the entire talent journey.explore sophisticated talent managementorg chartingfrom payroll to job titles to benefits - get real-time organizational visualization and insights needed to make data-driven, informed workforce decisions that save time and money. explore strategic workforce planningwhy peoplefluent?we provide comprehensive and configurable talent management and development solutions for businesses in regulated industries to create a high-performing and compliant workforce.find out more25musers around the world7+offices in 3 different continents26+years in business200+countries using peoplefluentfind out how our clients increased learner engagement and adoption by 700%read our case studieslatest news and resourcesproductscompensationlearningorg chartingtalent managementstoriessolutionsservices and trainingcustomer supportdiscoverresourcesnewscustomer supporteventsblogcompanywhy peoplefluentabout uscontact uscareerseventspartnerslink to linkedinlink to youtubeour locationsprivacy noticecookie policydmca policycorporate responsibilityterms and conditionscoronavirus responsepart of learning technologies group plclogomark_whitewe use cookies to simplify forms and otherwise improve your experience on our site. by using the site, you accept our use of cookies. cookie policy​ accept cookies