







olive tree genealogy - free genealogy  for your ancestors











are you hunting 
        for your american or canadian ancestors? search for your family  
        and immigrant ancestors! free searchable genealogy transcriptions are at your fingertips. 
        adding another branch to your family tree has never been easier.

olive tree genealogy: your 
        link to the past
follow olive tree genealogy on 
                  





first time visitor? 
  
find the free genealogy


been here before?

i know where the free genealogy is
 new to genealogy?
guide for beginners in genealogy







 





 

  
             olive 
            tree genealogy, created by lorine in february 1996 was started 
            to bring genealogists free 
            genealogy records. olive tree genealogy  has more than 1,900 
              pages of free genealogy records to help you find your brick-wall ancestors and build your family tree.
              
              
                            






genealogy records transcribed for olive tree genealogy are free and will help you find your elusive ancestor. allow yourself lots of time 
              to look around. let each page load before making your next choice. 
              
olive tree genealogy is now offering a genealogy research service. you may purchase packages for 3, 5, or 10 hours of research. i specialize in ontario canada records (includes upper canada and canada west), in 17th century new netherland (present day new york), and england, but can assist in other areas and times. write to me with a brief request including years and locations i will be pleased to advise you if i can help with your research question 
            olive tree genealogy has  
 passenger lists,   immigration tips,  canada, military, genealogy guide,  loyalists,  new netherland,   native american, palatine genealogy, photo albums, almshouse, lunatic records, orphan records, huguenots, mennonites, quakers, uk ireland, and  genealogy secrets!
olive tree genealogy 3-step genealogy finder

first the free transcribed genealogy records 
                - there are over 1,900 now.  look for your family ancestors in  free 
                genealogy records marked with the olive tree genealogy logo. 
                
 second the genealogy tutorials and help 
                files - genealogy help 
                on finding your ancestors in census records, land records, ships 
                passenger lists, birth, marriage and death records, and more. 
              third the genealogy resource guides & books. 
                lorine's published books and her genealogy how-to-guides help you easily find your ancestors as you  search  
              ships passenger lists, huguenots, 
                native americans, canadian 
                immigration, palatines and more. 
            



first time visitor?
read this page first! then visit my site map
                   or read 
                    my  genealogy faq. don't miss the free 
                    genealogy databases added monthly


been here before?
if 
                    you know your way around the olive tree genealogy site, start 
                    finding 
                    your ancestors right now.


new to genealogy?
if 
                    you are  new to genealogy, start your journey at  our help for beginners section
              






	follow olive tree genealogy on 
                  





ships passenger lists
 olive 
                  tree genealogy has more than 1,500 free ships passenger lists. these lists have been transcribed for olive tree genealogy visitors.
                  browse our immigrant ships passenger lists  at the ships passenger lists section. search for immigrant passengers on ships list by 
                  country of arrival, by state of arrival, or by ethnic group and  find your family tree. 
                 
                
                   
                 
                    there are  
                    fhc immigrant ships passenger lists & nac ships passenger lists to canada. 
                  don't miss the index to ships passenger 
                    lists arriving in united states and canada for your brick-wall 
                    immigrant ancestor you can even find the mayflower and titanic ships passenger lists, as well as columbus' ships the nina, the pinta and the santa maria.
                  
canadian genealogy
 i have 
                  a lot of interest in canadian genealogy (especially 
                  ontario) and have gathered lots of free canadian
                  genealogy databases (canadian vital stats records, free canadian census, canadian military records and more) to help you find your military ancestors and canadian family tree.  canadian genealogy is a  complex topic so start with the canadian province or territory 
                    of interest to you for your canadian ancestor. 
                    search  canadian ships passenger lists  for passenger lists of ships 
                    arriving in canadian ports
start searching for ancestors in  canadian census records at census records in ontario  - what's available and where to find it

american genealogy
i'm 
                    very interested in my american ancestors, especially new york genealogy. to find your family tree, search  new york church 
                    records, census records, land 
                    records, mortgage records and military records. i also have a lot of new jersey and pennsylvania free  genealogy records. you can also search    hundreds of free ships passenger lists for all  ports of arrival in america! 
genealogy blogs
olive tree genealogy blog 
articles about olive tree genealogy
olive tree genealogy — how one woman’s passion has given family historians free resources for researching their family trees



genealogy & family tree resources
palatines 
                  start with german palatine history 
                  then search for palatine immigrant ancestors on
                  ships passenger lists. don't overlook the genealogy choices 
                  for palatine ancestors
 mennonites 
                    start with the mennonite history 
                    then the genealogy database choices for mennonite genealogy & family trees
 huguenots 
                    & walloons start with the huguenots 
                    & walloons history then search for huguenot 
                    refugees on ships passenger lists. also see genealogy database 
                    choices for huguenot ancestry.
  new 
                    netherland (new york) genealogy start with  new 
                    netherland history then search for ships 
                    passenger lists arriving in new york 1628-1674. don't miss the new 
                    netherland (new york) genealogy & family history section

 native american 
                  read about  iroquois & mohawk history and 
                  culture, then check the list of native 
                  american genealogy resources
 loyalists stuck on your loyalist (aka tory) research? 
                    start with how to find your loyalist 
                    ancestor then choose from loyalist 
                   military records full of loyalist families, or  
                    loyalist petitions. don't miss the choices for 
                    loyalist genealogy & ancestry

 military 
                    choose from usa or canadian military. start with the war your ancestors fought  in. you'll find military databases, military history,  battles, biographies, muster rolls, and more. 
 custom 
                    search engines there are many genealogy search engines on this 
                    site to help you find your ancestors. some are for olive tree genealogy only. some are  exclusive to olive tree genealogy to find
                    ships passenger lists on multiple websites! some 
                    are for pay-to-view sites. be sure to read search engines: good genealogy family finders?  first.

sister sites 
                  & partners have a look at the free genealogy databases 
                  on these sites after your visit to olive 
                  tree genealogy: 
                  
naturalizationrecords.com 
                      find ancestors in online naturalization records, passport 
                      registers, alien registrations and more. 
                    allcensusrecords.com search
                      american & canadian census records
                       ancestorsatrest.com 
                      search death records (coffin plates, funeral cards, and more)
                      shipslists-online find ancestors in ships passenger lists
                                            
                    allenglishrecords.com 
                      find family in genealogy records for united kingdom
                    past 
                      voices: letters home find ancestors in poignant letters 
                      to loved ones over the centuries.
                   
                
                    canadian 
                      military heritage project find your canadian military 
                      ancestors back to 1750s 
                 
                  








 
contact lorine at      
 









 



















 



