










curtis restaurant equipment




































 
















services

planning & consultation
design & specification
delivery & installation
financing


products
projects
about us

company story
testimonials
market segments


locations


customer portal
contact us







search for:





































elevate your culinary vision



transform your kitchen and dining experience with 60 years of experience.					


get started 































design. delivery. install.

we take the hassle out of the process with end-to-end project management, ensuring your next foodservice project runs like clockwork.

our services 









































shop premium kitchen equipment.

as an employee-owned, full-service foodservice company, we provide a wide range of culinary solutions. discover everything from industrial ovens and refrigeration to cutting boards and lighting. curtis: where big and small meet in culinary innovation.

shop products 



























 





proudly employee owned

crafting culinary excellence since 1963, fueled by dedicated employee-owners since 2015.

learn more 


serving all market segments

from renowned restaurant chains to independent eateries, we have excelled in managing projects for over 60 years.

learn more 


a proven track record

you don’t have to take our word for it – check out what our clients had to say about working with us.

learn more 


we deliver and install

our professional crew will deliver, uncrate, inspect and assemble all of the equipment needed to get your project up and running, sooner.

learn more  












serving the pacific northwest and beyond.


from revitalizing cozy eateries to orchestrating grand culinary visions, curtis excels in delivering your foodservice dreams. we craft tailored designs and oversee projects from concept to reality. with innovative design, vast vendor connections, and seasoned experts, we bring your projects to life within budget, and with unparalleled quality.





north fork public house






osu cascades ‘beaver dam’






matthew knight arena





see all projects 













































find us near you.

curtis restaurant equipment has several locations throughout the northwest. call a curtis restaurant equipment near you, or come into one of our showrooms in springfield, medford, bend, or boise.

our locations 





the curtis experience in action.
our diverse family of clients includes names from various industries.






 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


































































see what 60 years of experience can do for you. 

whether you’re building a franchise eatery or a one-of-a-kind restaurant, send us a message today and let’s get started.





name


first



last

what can we do for you?(required)phoneemail(required)

captcha
  



















contact us at 1-800-422-7818 for current pricing and product information.


 
































curtis

services
financing
featured projects
products
about us
view catalog
catálogo en español


customer service

chain accounts
shipping & returns
privacy policy
terms & conditions


contact us

locations
careers




join our newsletter

name(required)email(required)


  

















copyright 
© 
2025 curtis restaurant equipment 
| site design 

































