


free video blog

























    
	free video blog
	
  
get the free video that may be of interest to you.






wednesday, may 07, 2008



	 tennis video instruction - beginner video lessons
    




 tennis picture instruction, in my opinion, is the best manner to larn how to play tennis.  i am going to speak about the benefits that you can acquire from using lawn lawn lawn lawn tennis picture way to begin learning tennis the right manner without paying for expensive tennis lessons.first of all, tennis can be really difficult to larn if you don't cognize which direction to take as a beginner.  beginning to larn how to play lawn lawn tennis the right manner can find if you will be able to accomplish your ends as a tennis player.  if you don't cognize how to larn how to play lawn lawn lawn tennis the right manner you are doomed to acquire frustrated and quiet like so many other beginners.if you a novice acquisition how to play tennis and you experience like you are stuck or even going the incorrect way, you really necessitate to acquire some tennis picture instruction.  it can do the difference in you learning how to play lawn tennis or giving up entirely.the greatest danger is learning the shot the incorrect way.  if you larn a shot the incorrect manner it is really difficult to unlearn yourself from the incorrect way.  replacing musculus memory and replacing with the right motion can be a really frustrating task.this is why you necessitate all of the right ways to make things from the beginning with lawn tennis picture instruction.  things that you make incorrect as a novice will stalk you through your full lawn tennis game.  you will lose shots that you should not have got missed because of novice mistakes.  you necessitate to larn how to play lawn lawn lawn lawn tennis with the proper tennis picture direction to transcend and be the best tennis participant you can be.beginner picture lessons are crucial, but can acquire expensive if you seek to engage a personal trainer to give you tennis lessons.  with online lawn tennis picture direction you will be able to acquire the same, if not better, preparation and salvage 100s or one thousands of dollars.if you are beginner, don't begin out making novice mistakes.  like i said before, all novice errors will be difficult to unlearn once you have got them put in.  you necessitate to begin learning the right manner with proper lawn tennis picture instruction.  i cognize i maintain pushing about novice mistakes, but i desire you to cognize the truth.  without proper preparation you will most likely acquire frustrated and halt learning all together.  that is the last thing i desire for you.  tennis is a great athletics and so merriment to play. labels: beginner video lessons, learn tennis videos, tennis video instruction, tennis video lessons



posted by kenneth @ 9:28 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, april 17, 2008



	 panther express and swarmcast partner to offer the industry's highest-quality video delivery
    




 complete picture solution includes live, on-demand and streaming video  new york, april 17 /prnewswire/ -- jaguar express, a planetary providerof high-performance, high value content bringing services, and swarmcast, aprovider of multi-source streaming platforms, today announced a partnershipthat integrates panther's planetary cdn web with swarmcast's autobahnplatform.  content proprietors now have got a complete, incorporate solution forstreaming the peak quality unrecorded and on-demand video content.  together, jaguar express and swarmcast are providing the world's mostreliable and scalable web for the bringing for streaming video, livevideo events, and picture conferencing.  the autobahn platform conveys hd liveevent streaming and adaptive bitrate flash picture capablenesses to panther'shigh performance, scalable and cost effectual content bringing network.  thejoint solution lets contented suppliers to give consumers an extraordinaryviewing experience.  "consumers now demand the high-quality picture and screening experiencethat the autobahn platform conveys to online video," said justin chapweske,founder and chief executive officer of swarmcast.  "the combination of the autobahn platform andpanther express' prime minister cdn gives contented suppliers the integratedsolution necessary to present high-quality viewing experiences and toengage audiences with high- quality content."  "as the industry's best value cdn provider, we are committed toproviding complete, high performance, dependable and flexible picture solutionsthat provide to the demands of our diverse client alkali of content providers,"said henry louis aaron mittman, frailty president of gross sales and selling at pantherexpress.  "with the autobahn platform and jaguar express' industry leadingcdn, we're enabling profitable concern theoretical accounts around high quality video."  with the autobahn platform, the jaguar express cdn easily stoppers in tomicrosoft's silverlight and adobe's flash(r) rich mass media environments.  byseamlessly integrating with standard rich mass media environments, jaguar nowenables contented suppliers to watercourse the peak quality unrecorded and on-demandvideo without committing to closed, proprietary bringing methods, and helpscontent suppliers pull off costs to construct profitable concerns around onlinevideo.  swarmcast promotes flash developers to modify the autobahn hdplayer and to widen the autobahn platform capablenesses to their ain flashsites.  content suppliers with unrecorded content can widen their videocapabilities to supply full-screen, high-quality, dependable unrecorded streamswith autobahn live.  as measured with gomez and other coverage services, jaguar expressconsistently supplies some of the industry best public presentation among theleading content bringing networks.  this dependability and scalability, whencombined with panther's matchless pricing and client service, is whyevery day, more than than and more of the world's content suppliers trust on pantherexpress to present the commodity to their online customers.  about swarmcast  swarmcast authorises contented suppliers to construct profitable businessesaround high-quality online video.  swarmcast's autobahn platform deliversfull screen, high quality picture that sharpens to the best experience foreach viewer, without buffering or stalling.  engaging planetary audiences forboth unrecorded and on-demand video, swarmcast is redefining what is possible forinternet video.  swarmcast is privately held and backed by bridge capital fund (bcf) andnippon venture capital.  for more than information about the autobahn platform, delight visit.  about jaguar express  jaguar express corp. is a high-performance contented bringing network(cdn) with an advanced low-cost infrastructure.  founded in 2005 by formerdoubleclick chief executive officer kevin ryan and doubleclick co-founder and former cto dwightmerriman, jaguar express guarantees rapid, dependable and scalable performancewithout long-term contracts or monthly lower limits to internet sitesworldwide.  jaguar express is privately held and based in new york.  pantherexpress have over two old age of experience in content delivery and over 250customers using our solutions on a day-to-day basis.  for more than information regarding jaguar express, delight visit.  contact information:    judy baliman, jaguar express  +1.  646-747-0941  michelle homes, swarmcast    lewis pr    415 992 4400 labels: content delivery network, content delivery services, content owners, platform content, prnewswire, scalable network, swarmcast, video capabilities, video conferencing, video events, video solution



posted by kenneth @ 6:25 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, february 15, 2008



	 video-game player sales fall 6%; nintendo keeps lead (update4)
    




 video-game player gross sales drop 6percent on a weekly footing last calendar month in the u.s., with nintendoco.'s wii keeping its pb over microsoft corp.'s xbox 360 andsony corp.'s playstation 3.   game gross sales rose 18 percentage on that basis, research worker npdgroup inc. inch port washington, new york, said today in an e-mailed statement.  the company adjusted its monthly numbersbecause there were fewer merchandising years in january 2008.   nintendo, based in kyoto, diverted some wiis and transcripts ofthe game ''super knock mario bros.'' to japan, hurting gross sales forthe month, wedbush lewis henry morgan securities analyst michael pachter said.  consumers purchased 274,000 wii consoles, compared with 436,000last year, according to npd figures.  gross sales drop 21 percentage from ayear earlier on a weekly basis.   ''they suddenly got scaled back on supply,'' pachter said inan interview.  ''one calendar month is hard to name a trend.''   playstation 3 outsold xbox 360, with consumers buying269,000 consoles, compared with 230,000 microsoft machines.   stores of the xbox 360 also were short because of higher-than-expected gross sales during the vacation season, microsoftspokesman saint david dennis said in an interview.  the company istrying to increase production at mills in people's republic of china to addressthe problem, he said.   playstation gains   playstation 3 benefited from the xbox deficit and frombetter games that have got made the comfort more than attractive than ayear earlier, said colin sebastian, an analyst at lazard capitalmarkets in san francisco.  the playstation 3 come ups with a blu-raydvd player, a characteristic that may be helping sales, he said.   ''this is definitely shaping up to be a discovery yearfor us,'' jack tretton, main executive director military officer of sony computerentertainment of america, said in a statement.   nintendo of united states president reggie fils-aime said in astatement demand for the wii goes on to transcend supply.   a version of activision inc.'s battle game ''call of duty 4:modern warfare'' for the xbox 360 was the best-selling title with330,900 transcripts sold.  nintendo's ''wii play'' was 2nd at298,100, npd said.   microsoft, located in redmond, washington, drop 46 cents to$28.50 today in nasdaq stock market trading.  sony drop 1.8percent to 4,830 hankering as of 1:13 p.m. on the tokio stock exchange.  nintendo dropped 0.6 percentage to 50,800 hankering in osaka.   to reach the newsman on this story:michael white person in los angeles at  . labels: nintendo, video game player, video games, video player, video sales



posted by kenneth @ 10:49 pm  
      
         2 comments






friday, february 01, 2008



	 video marketing - building credibility for your web site
    




 if web land sites were to fall into one of two categories, the first beingness an ecom land land site (where you can buy something), and the 2nd beingness a brochure-style web site (provides information only) the fact stays that strong and credible credibleness is essential.online sellers today fighting for their share of concern in their niche, and for most industries, competition is fierce.  that's where picture selling come ups into play.we've all heard about viral videos, picture sharing sites, and picture commercials.  but when a well-crafted picture greeting is placed onto a web site, it travels far in establishing the needed "trust factor" that all online sellers today must have.here's an example:one of the most competitory industries today in the united states is the mortgage business.  and in peculiar when one in one hundred householders are facing foreclosure, mortgage loaners and mortgage companies happen that being "believable" is tougher with each passing play day.so many web land site proprietors are facing this job head-on with video.  rather than having land sites with tons of pages and mortgage calculators, their selling maneuver is to let their web land land site visitants to "get to know" them when they get at their site.  one manner to accomplish this is with the usage of a walk-on video.a walk-on picture have been shot in presence of a greenish screen, and during the redaction procedure the background is removed.  and with the usage of flash and a few other picture engineerings the picture looks to drift on the screen.  by greeting your web land site visitants in this mode you can direct them to the adjacent stairway as opposing to having them go forth and never return.you can direct them to name a toll free telephone set number, complete an online survey, petition an information package, or whatever lawsuits your concern model. labels: flash video, online video, video credibility, video marketing, video spokesperson, walk on video



posted by kenneth @ 11:04 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, august 24, 2007



	 fun sex games - 3 sex games that you can entice your lover to the breaking point
    




 there are dozens of merriment sexual activity games that you can seek out with your lover to do your nighttime more exciting and passionate.  sexual activity games in the sleeping room can assist the both of you to acquire into the right temper for protract foreplay, which will ensue in explosive sexual activity later on.let me just with you 3 alien sexual activity games that you can seek out with your lover tonight:1.  the bitchy nurse. the adult female will set on achromatic panties, bras, and stockings, and take on the function of a nurse in a clinic.  she will acquire the adult male to set up for wellness examination.  the both of you must acquire into the functions by being completely clinical.  the adult female can shot her lover's manhood and state that it is to guarantee that it is working fine.  then the adult female should do the game more exciting by telling the adult male that she necessitates to accumulate seed samples.  the both of you can then acquire into the drive and with the adult male "providing" her with the seed at the end of the night.2.  the chauffeur. the adult female will be in control in this game, and inquire the adult male to be her chauffeur.  the "chauffeur" will then drive her to a sexual activity store where she will travel down and purchase a naughty toy.  once in the car, the adult female should not state the adult male what she have gotten.  keep it a secret at least until after dinner.  then show the plaything to him from the dorsum seat.  once he is really excited, catch him to the dorsum place and shag the nighttime out with you.3.  the body painter. one of you can move as a painter where you sit down your lover down and paint his or her body.  get bare and you make a chef-d'oeuvre on his or her body.  this is a very animal enactment when you touch the countries that are erotic and sensitive to your lover.  before you acquire into this game, be certain to happen out if your lover have any allergies.the above are just 3 merriment sexual activity games that you can seek out with your lover to increase the passionateness for sex.  try them out and you will be surprised at the satisfaction degree that your lover will be enjoying.to have the most astonishing sexual activity you could ever imagine, acquire more than sexual activity games from the website below: labels: creative sex games, entice your lover, fun sex games, great sex, new sex games, romantic sex games



posted by kenneth @ 7:14 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, may 31, 2007



	 video duplication
    




if you need to make a copy of a video tape then you could consider taking advantage of video duplication services. the easiest way to go about duplicating a video is to pay somebody to do it for you. you can find numerous companies that duplicate videos, and many for a fraction of the cost that you would have expected.you can search online for service providers in your area; however you are not necessarily restricted to dealing with a provider near by. most video duplication companies will be happy for you to ship a package to their office, and then they will send it back to you along with your duplicates. these firms can do an unlimited number of copies of the master video tape, and will most likely charge a reduced rate per video based on how many you order.however, you can do the job yourself if you prefer. for this you will need a high quality blank tape and a vcr. it is important that the blank tape is in good condition, because by duplicating a video, quality is lost anyway, so you don't want to waste any more than you have to. you need to keep as much of the original quality as possible. the disadvantage of this procedure is that you will have to wait the length of the actual tape for the copy to be ready, as it is copied in real time.there is another option for you should you want a duplicate of a preexisting video tape. you can transfer the video to dvd format. this is a very wise thing to do, as you can convert the video on to a dvd which is a much smaller size, allowing you to save some precious space in your home. the quality of the footage will suffer only very slightly, but it is most likely you won't even notice it. there are several programs and software that can do this job for you. browse the internet and buy such software and you can copy and duplicate an unlimited number of videos for no cost besides buying blank videos. you can turn all your videos into dvds this way. these software packages offer the possibility of editing the footage as well, meaning they have multi-functional capabilities. for example, in case of a home video, you may cut, rotate frames, include comments and make the video more fun to watch and personalized to your family and friends.there is also the possibility to turn the video into any other required format using this software. on the other hand, you may turn to specialized firms to turn the videos into dvds, but this procedure will cost you more, and they will likely charge you for every copy that you ask for. the duplication costs vary according to the length of the master video and the amount of copies that you require. the advantage of this type of duplication is that you don't have to do anything apart from pay and just wait for the copies!all in all, the most cost effective thing to do is get the conversion software and you are all set for doing this as many times as you require in the future. on the other hand, you may find it much easier to pay a company if you want a professional job and don't have much spare time on your hands.labels: video duplication, video tape, video transfer



posted by kenneth @ 8:11 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, april 26, 2007



	 3 main reasons why video advertising is becoming more popular
    




video advertising is the new way to get the message out about your business, services or products.  here are the three main reasons why video advertising is currently one of the most popular internet marketing methods.with increasing access to broadband connection, online video streaming as a form of advertisement is becoming increasingly popular.  different types of videos abound in the internet – video emails, video instant messages, video broadcasts, and video blogs.the idea is to create videos that could put out effective advertisements without alienating viewers who have not yet jumped into the online advertisement viewing bandwagon.  internet video blogging sites like youtube get millions of hits a day so companies are beginning to consider every possible way to get these people who visit these video blogging sites to buy their products or avail of their services.there are a lot of reasons why video advertising is becoming increasingly popular; here are some of these reasons.reason 1:  wide coverage and reachwith video advertising, you will be able to reach different people, young or old, male or female.  your advertising will reach millions of people, regardless of their age, sex, and race.thousands of websites generate interest from people worldwide.  people, especially the younger generation, are cutting off on their other pursuits to give time to online social networks like myspace and youtube.  youtube alone has millions of viewers daily.this opens a whole worldwide market for every business.  it is no wonder why an estimated $400 million was spent for video advertising in 2006 alone.  this figure is expected to increase in the coming years.  with the majority of internet users preferring to purchase products online, more and more videos are created each year in response.reason 2:  videos get the message acrossvideo messaging uses the audio-visual approach, so it's more effective in getting any message across.  people would generally respond more to both visual and audio stimulation.if your video captures your viewer's interest, you could expect a call, an order, or a hit on your site.  scientifically, it has been proven that the probability of people remembering any message is higher if the message was received through both sight and hearing.video messaging is a form of a personal communication to your target market.  you can create all kinds of videos and send them via email or post them on your websites.  you can create video instant messages, emails or blogs.  it depends on what form of video marketing would be most effective for you.reason 3:  relatively inexpensiveonline video advertising is not expensive.  it is cheap yet it works.  it means good business and more profit.  it is cheaper than print ads or tv ads.  you spend little for the worldwide market.  you don't need to have millions of dollars just so you can launch an effective and competitive video advertisement.  this levels the playing field for home-based e-business owners like you.virtually all kinds of businesses can create their own online video advertisements, upload these videos on youtube, and embed the streams into their own websites.  in an instant, without even paying for a million dollar worth of video ad, small businesses can have video streaming and market to millions of users worldwide.labels: internet video marketing, internet videos, video marketing, viral videos, youtube marketing



posted by kenneth @ 7:10 am  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  kenneth 

view my complete profile







bookmark free video blog
digg itdel.icio.usfurl itredditblogmarkswistsfark itgoogleblink itmy webrss atom
video blog links


free video previous posts

tennis video instruction - beginner video lessons
panther express and swarmcast partner to offer the...
video-game player sales fall 6%; nintendo keeps le...
video marketing - building credibility for your we...
fun sex games - 3 sex games that you can entice yo...
video duplication
3 main reasons why video advertising is becoming m...
capture cards and video editing
a few words about mp4 players for the average cons...
what is better - lcd or plasma tv?

video blog archives

february 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
august 2007
february 2008
april 2008
may 2008









 








