





clermont supports kids
































































skip to main content (press enter)











toggle navigation





                clermont supports kids            

about us

general

awardsmission statement 
fact sheets
services provided

establishing child & medical support ordersestablishing paternitylocating non-custodial parentsmilitary & veteransorder termination-emancipationreview & adjustment - modification
payments

employer paymentsnoncustodial parent paymentscustodial parent payments
enforcement

enforcing child supportinterstate enforcementlicense suspensionmedical supportnational medical support noticepassport denial program
tax offset

tax offset programtax offset faq'sguide to filing taxes
espanola

spanish general informationspanish paternityspanish administrative review
employers

employer resourcesdeducting child support tips
forms
















 
texting your payment is now available!
if the payor opts into pay by text, they will link a credit card and schedule text message payment reminders at a frequency of their choosing. payments are processed when payors respond to the text message….





 
the importance of paternity
paternity is a legal determination between the natural father and a child.  when parents are not married at the time a child is born…





 
strengths of a father’s presence
children with involved fathers have a strong foundation for child well-being…






how to file a civil rights complaintif you believe you have been delayed or denied services because of your race, color, religion, disablility, age, gender, sexual orientation or national origin, you may file  a complaint within 180 days of the incident or treatment.

for questions about how to file a compaint, call the odjs bureau of civil rights, toll-free, at 1-866-227-6353. for more information, review the civil rights section of the odjfs program enrollment and benefit information document.




free parent support program being used in 88 counties at least two parents in each of ohio’s 88 counties have access the state’s free online parent support program, according to ohio department of job and family services (odjfs) director matt damschroder.
the positive parenting program (triple p) is funded by the governor’s children’s initiative, odjfs and the ohio children’s trust fund (octf), according to a release from odjfs.
“it’s so encouraging that more than 6,000 parents across ohio have registered for the triple p program,” damschroder said. “the new strategies parents can take away from this curriculum can set their children on a path toward academic, social and emotional success.”
triple p emphasizes creating a non-judgmental connection between parents and children, according to kara wente, director of the governor’s children’s initiative.
“whether that involves academic issues, social struggles or emotional challenges, triple p builds communication skills,” wente said. “children and teens want to know they’re being heard, and triple p studies show consistent conversations build trust, increase academic achievement and reduce anxiety.”
triple p is used in more than 30 countries and is based on four decades of data. for parents of younger children, modules include “encouraging behavior you like,” “managing misbehavior,” and “raising confident, capable kids.” teen topics are similar but also include “teaching new skills” and “planning ahead for risky situations.”
ohio families are encouraged to visit www.triplep-parenting.com/oh-en/triple-p/ to sign up for the program.

 



payment and balance information 
to ensure the confidentiality of your case information, clermont county child support has discontinued relaying payment and balance information via the telephone.  to check for payments or balances call 1-800-860-2555 or the tdd (telecommunications device for the deaf) is 1-866-500-3784 or sign on to the ohio child support customer service web portal at http://jfs.ohio.gov/ocs/index.stm

urgent – temporary or civil protection orders if you are a party to a temporary or civil protection order please notify clermont county child support and provide a copy of the court order.  upon receipt of the order, the case will be flagged as family violence.

address change information even though you may receive your support payments via direct deposit or the smione visa pre-paid debit card, you still need to keep your address updated with the agency to ensure continued receipt of important legal documents and/or case status information.
you can report changes in your address by contacting us at 513-732-7248 or sending us an email by clicking on clermontsupportskids@jfs.ohio.gov.  if you know the staff member’s name, you can email them directly.  click on staff directory for the email address.

 



employer electronic payment options
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=ng1ujdei4scfathering in 15 
click on the picture above to be driven to 3 questions, once you answer those questions you will receive the link fathering in 15.

ohio e-smart child support website the ohio smart e-pay website provides services to employees, non-custodial parents and custodial parents.  payments made through this site are free of charge.  click on this link https://oh.smartchildsupport.com.

 









 



contact us clermont county child support
2400 clermont center drive,
ste. 107
batavia, ohio 45103
(513)732-7248
(800)571-0943
fax (513)732-7444
email clermontsupportskids
staff directory
suggestions?
if you have suggestions to improve our website, what information would be useful to you? help us meet your informational needs by contacting us with your suggestions.
 

 

hours of operation hours of operation are monday through friday from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. caseworkers will attempt to accommodate requests for appointments prior to 8:00 a.m. or after 4:30 p.m.

holiday schedule office closed please note: departments not under the jurisdiction of the board of commissioners may follow a different holiday schedule.
mon. feb. 17, 2025 presidents’ day
mon. may 26, 2025 memorial day
thurs. june 19, 2025 juneteenth day
fri. july 4, 2025 independence day
mon. sept. 1, 2025 labor day
tues. nov. 11, 2025 veteran’s day
thurs. nov. 27, 2025 thanksgiving day
fri. nov. 28, 2025 friday after thanksgiving
thurs. dec. 25, 2025 christmas day
 

 

directions traveling east from interstate 275 take state route 32-batavia exit off interstate 275; travel east for approximately 10 miles. there will be an intersection with a traffic light at bauer road; make a left turn at the traffic light onto bauer rd. the next turn will be clermont center drive off bauer rd.  child support is located in the last two story building on the drive (west entrance). there is a parking lot across from the entrance of the building and a turnaround for drop off if necessary.
traveling west on state route 32, look for the intersection of bauer road with a traffic light. at the traffic light make a right turn onto bauer rd. the next turn will be clermont center drive off bauer rd.  child support is located in the last two story building on the drive (west entrance). there is a parking lot across from the entrance of the building and there is a turnaround for drop off if necessary.

 

related links clermont county home
clermont county children’s services
clermont county juvenile court
clermont county ohio means jobs
clermont county domestic relations court
clermont county public assistance

 
clermont county calendar








© 2025, clermont supports kids.  all rights reserved.

                    
                2400 clermont center drive, ste. 107


batavia, oh 45103


513.732.7248
login






























