      
 central ny mobile marketing, inc. | 1-day marketing service intensives 
skip to content

 1-day digital marketing servicesfor small businesses and non-profit organizations.


schedule


flyout menu

menuhomebook your daygiving backbits & bytes (news & blog)about
happy new year!what do you need help with in 2025?

 

now offering kdp book services						
if you are thinking about self publishing through amazon, we can help you with formatting, cover design, isbn registrations and more.  contact us for more information using the link below.

 

facebook/instagram ad management						
having a hard time navigating through facebook ads?  we'll help you create graphics and videos, select your geolocations and your audiences and work within your monthly ad budget.with a one day service, 
we can help you with ...

new or refreshed website
a refresh to your existing design or a brand new website - approximately 5 standard pages. our all inclusive fee includes hosting and domain registration for the first year, renewed at $245 annually.
$2,115

schedule your date						

create your annual calendar
never miss your deadlines. we'll help you create a custom timeline and task lists for a year. we help you set up tools on a platform of your choice to deep dive into your year and make sure your deadlines are met.
$1,850

schedule your date						

your marketing punch list
updates for your website,  new email campaigns, rack cards or a new brochure -  let us know! as much as we can accomplish in a one-day time slot.  we work efficiently and effectively to complete your projects.
$1,850

schedule your date						

branded marketing templates
a set of 72 branded templates to use to promote your business for use on web, social & print. customized for your brand with logo, colors and your primary business or promotion offers for use on web, social, ads and more.
$1,850

schedule your date						please note: a 50% deposit ($925) is required at the time of booking with the balance due on the selected service date. a minimum lead time of 2 weeks is required for most projects to make sure that there is ample time to complete all preparatory work.
all 1-day services include...

collaborative preparation materials						
every project requires preparation between cnymm and our clients. we provide a workspace where you can share needed information and resources in order to complete your project in our allotted time period.

7 hour intensive work day session						
one full work day devoted exclusively to your project with no interruptions from phone calls, emails or other distractions. clients must be available on the selected date for real-time responses to any questions or communications throughout the day.

30 days of follow-up support						
there are often little things that need adjustments after the intensive day session or questions that arise about a new process. that additional guidance or small task work is included for 30 days after our work day.please note: not all projects can be completed in one day. if you have a larger project, our initial overview appointment should bring light to that kind of issue, but there are also times when we discover this in the middle of our work.  this will always be communicated with the client so that we can determine if an additional day or more is required.  half-day scheduling options are also available to all existing clients.when you book a 1-day service...your fee for our 1-day service is in payment for our time, professional expertise and dedicated work on your project which may or may not result in project deliverables. our experience allows us to work efficiently and quickly so that we can successfully achieve our goals for our day together.our ability to accomplish any given project successfully often depends on our clients completing the indicated preparation work as well as prompt and effective communications on our intensive work date.  please keep those things in mind as you move forward to maximize our time together.



schedule




inquire

process & timeline for 1-day services






step #1schedule your date						
your date needs to be at least 2 weeks out from the time of booking and requires a 50% deposit.2 weeks prior

step #2schedule kickoff call						
your project kickoff call should be about 3-5 days prior to your intensive 1-day service.  3-5 days prior

step #3complete prep tasks						
this is critical information required to complete the work for your project and needs to be in place at the time of our kickoff call. due 3-5 days prior

step #4connect on facebook 						
we will communicate in real time on facebook messenger on the day of the intensive (phones, text, email will all be turned off for the day).
1-2 days prior

step #5your 1-day intensive						
be available throughout the day to answer any questions or provide information and input in real time. the payment balance is due by 3pm on the intensive service day.day of

step #6post intensivesupport						
ask any questions for clarification, request small edits, receive guidance, 'how-to' materials, etc. as part of our post project support.30 days after
what our clients say...
this was a great way for us to work with you on the google ads (for non-profits) project!  your communication was clear and made it easy to stay organized, and it was also helpful for me to have a specific day/timeline of when i knew i might need to  provide information and be ready to talk more about the project if needed.
kh
as someone who is not well-versed in website work, susan made the experience very accessible and allowed me to work at my own pace. susan has been, and continues to be, very generous with her time, offering to continue to help our organization update its much outdated content. this organization strives to provide a welcoming, judgement-free zone and for years, our website was a bit...clinical? with susan's work, we are taking a huge step forward in the right direction.
wk
susan's dependable and expert services have made all the difference in meeting my digital business demands.   i can literally take  these types tasks of off my plate which then allows me to focus on the maintenance and growth end of my business. susan is always easily approachable and solution- focused no matter the  problem or project.
cm
i've worked extensively with susan at cnymm to self-publish two books on amazon/ kindle worldwide in 2022-2023. although not an editor by trade, she never-the-less took on the projects with enthusiasm and professionalism. her judgements were invaluable re: content, fonts, layouts, graphic design and most vitally her skills in e-commerce and uploading content of various technical requirements. throughout both lengthy projects she was always in the loop, timely in her responses and willing to go the extra mile to get the projects completed. and all at a very fair price. i highly recommend her to anyone contemplating a web-based project.
fn





schedule




inquire

susan o'handley, presidentsmall business owners and non-profit administrators are the busiest people i know.  you wear so many hats!  in any given day you might be involved with customer relations, human resources, budgets and inventory management, staff training, analyzing finances, product/program development, and more.  we all know that marketing is critical for business success, but for many small business owners it falls to the bottom of the list of priorities.  if you’ve got a list of marketing objectives and goals that have been piling up because you don’t have time (because you are busy running your business/organization), then a 1-day intensive might be just the thing to help you get things done.  is your website in dire need of a design refresh? do you have a punch list of marketing tasks you just haven’t been able to get to?  are you self publishing a book and finding it difficult to navigate through the kdp formatting process?imagine being able to cross these things off your list and ‘get it done in a day’! these things don’t have to take weeks or even months to accomplish, but they do take time and expertise.  so relax, and focus on running your business. let us do the heavy lifting for your marketing with dedicated, undivided, and focused attention for your project with a 1-day digital marketing service intensive!  


 book your daygiving backportfoliobits & bytesaboutbook your daygiving backportfoliobits & bytesabout


facebook
 
susan@cnymm.com607-643-5680
© 2025 central ny mobile marketing, inc.107 east hill road, hartwick, ny 13348  




