














customers | westnet







 






        skip to main content
      




























customers
                            


sales: 13 19 17
support: 13 22 58


 webmail
                            



 myaccount                      









menu




nbnfibre plans find your perfect nbn planwireless plans nbn outside of fibre areascoverage where and when nbn is availablemobiletvmoving home?businessaboutsupportcontact




support
contact us






search





search
search 

 










the transition of westnet customers to iinet is now in progress. find out more.





































log in to myaccount
username
password
open myaccount

forgotten your username?forgotten your password?






                        open myaccount




                          open webmail










openwebmail





moving home?





network status























looking for an internet or mobile plan?
westnet is no longer signing up customers to our services. you can sign up to great value internet and mobile plans with iinet.
explore iinet products


need help?
you can find detailed information about the move to iinet on our support page. you can also call 1300 362 835 for more help.
find out more



 

business customers

      westnet is no longer connecting services for new customers. new business
      customers can sign up to internet and mobile business solutions with
      tpg telecom.
    

      for existing westnet business customers, there will be no change to your services at this time. existing customers can still
      change plans, add new services, update account details, move location and
      cancel services by calling 1300 786 068.
    



login to myaccount




















call sales on 13 19 17





support & billing call 13 22 58







contact uswebmailmyaccountsupportnetwork statusinternet speed testfinancial hardshipfor your home:nbn™ planshome wireless broadband5g home broadbandmoving home?mobile phone plansfor your business:businessabout us:legal stuff
 




        for your home

  



        for your business

  










facebook


twitter


youtube


home sitemap make a complaint privacy statement authorised representatives
2025 © westnet pty ltd. abn 50 086 416 908.




	we acknowledge the traditional custodians of country throughout australia and the lands on which we, and our communities live, work and connect. we pay our respects to their elders, past, present, and emerging.
	








nbnfibre planswireless planscoveragemobiletvmoving home?businessaboutsupportcontact








