


stress managing tips and techniques » stress management articles






 
  









menu













stress
                        management therapy


stress
                        relief program


natural
                        stress reliever therapy


stress
                        busting techniques


how
                        stress effect body health


stress
                        reliever activities


stress
                        and time management


want
                        to cope with stress


stress
                        and spirituality


stress
                        induced ailments


stress
                        causes and effects 


stress
                        relationships


stree
                        managing











 

_____________________

more websites
_____________________ 


conquer stress,
        depression, & anxiety quickly, naturally & permanently and enjoy
        a brighter, happier future

  

how to manage your stress effectively?  simple tips and techniquesliving
your life in an organised way will save you from the day-to-day nagging stress.
you may not find time for all your family and social commitments and this will
result in relationship stress in you. if you can get organised in all your life
activities, be it your office work or your vacation trip or your family matters,
you have put your first step towards avoiding stress. to get yourself organised,
you may try the following six tips: 


 
be flexiblebe
flexible. you will not be compromising on things only when you are flexible. there
may be more than one solution for the encountered problem. if you are flexible
enough to try out the alternative solution, the act may save you from becoming
anxious and depression.prioritise
your jobyou
should learn to prioritise your tasks. breaking a big task into smaller one and
prioritising the broken down tasks will in fact reduce the challenges involved
in completing the job. the most sought after effect will be unfolding the moment
you start finishing the smaller tasks one by one based on your prioritised list.be
assertiveif
you learn the art of saying ‘no’, it will prevent you from taking extra
tasks that may take more of your time otherwise. the rule is-do not say ‘yes’
when you want to say ‘no’. be
realisticyou
must set realistic and achievable goals in your life based on your abilities.
making unrealistic goals may result in increased stress in you the moment you
fail in accomplishing the goal. in fact, the positive stress involved in achieving
the more realistic goal will be the driving force for achieving the next goal.delegate
responsibilityyou
must learn the art of delegating responsibilities. delegation will save you from
the emerging stress. if you have more work at your hand and if you start allocating
smaller works to others, it may turn out to be working wonders. you may do this
both in your office and at home.take
planned breaksa
planned break, be it for 5 minutes or a vacation for 2 days, will reduce the harmful
effects of stress. you may also try the other golden saying-rest is change of
work. taking a break from your routine will go a long way in boosting your stress
resisting capabilities.
 stress
busting techniques & tipsconstant
stress can ruin your spirit, your motivation level and may even lead to a condition
called cod-compulsive obsessive disorderhow
stress effect body healthstudies have shown that around 40 to 70 percent
of the ailments treated by doctors were psychosomatic ailments caused due to stressstress
management therapycreative visualisation is nothing but positive imagery.
in early seventies, the visualisation technique developed by carl simonton helped
many patients stress
relief programyour attitude makes your life either difficult one or a
pleasant one. if you are a perfectionist, you tend to see and do things to the
minutest levelnatural
stress reliever therapyas stress and stress induced ailments started affecting
people in all walks of life without any gender difference, all people felt the
need for newer stress
relieving activitiesstress management is the need of the hour. however
hard you may try to cope with it, your life will start giving stress to you in
a varied format stress
relieving methods and techniquesyour life is a journey from womb to tomb.
you cannot just imagine a life free of any stress be it small or big. it all depends
how you visualisenatural
stress reduction & remediesdo you know that most of the sounds that
you hear will ‘discharge’ the energy from your brain instead of charging
your brainstress
and physiology, physical health and illnessyour physiological and psychological
functioning will be affected under stress. stress is described as "a situation
that demands stress
busting techniques and ideasinterestingly,
the stressors or your stress inducing thoughts themselves can be converted as
stress busting formulaestress
and deep breathing exerciseswhen you are under stress, your body's natural
coping mechanism will take over to meet the increased demands of your bodystress
and gender (in both men and women)the two genders normally operate in
different social contexts, and personality traits and emotional dispositions are
always differentstress
and life changes and lifestyleit is a well-known fact that your stress,
be it short or chronic, is related to your ill health and many of your mind-body
disorderssigns
of stress in men, women and children an
age-old saying is that if you know you are shouting you are not the shouter. is
it possible for you to apply stress
causes and effects in today's modern lifestyle, workplace stress is a
new phenomenon. the nature of work has taken a very dramatic umbilical
cord blood bankingprovides information about various public and private
cord blood banking services available todaystress
and physical health illnessit is a well-established fact that most of
your mind-body disorders are caused mainly by stress. immediate disorders like
anxietyrelieve
stress in teenagers your teenaged children are in no way different from
other adults in getting stress. high expectations in academic or other areasstress
management skills and techniquesinternal rate of return (irr) is the yardstick
applied to know the profitability of any project.psychology
stress management studiesmost of the psychosomatic disorders are related
to psychological stress in individuals. your exposure to stressful situations
coping
with stress and anxiety - effective strategiesyou, as a member of society,
will always give importance to the opinions formed by people around you. the thought
of getting a better opinionstress
relieving techniques and ideasin these modern days, stress has stepped
in your life as well as all other's lives without any exceptionstress
induced illness and ailmentsthe telling effects of stress vary from person
to person. you may feel or act in a particular fashion in a stressful situationstress
and music - new therapymusic, be it instrumental or vocal, is nothing
but sound energy with varied vibrations that permeates its surroundingsstress
and spiritualityeach and every day you will be going through stress number
of times. you also try to devise your own ways to tide over stress stress
positive and negativeyou have treaded your life path till today and you
always have an option to look back your life as how you have met stress
marital & parental stress relationshipsif
you look at the growing rate of divorces, you may find the reason being stressed
out spouses, be it parental or marital relationshipwant
to cope with stressyour cannot think of a life without any stress and
stress has become a part and parcel of your life. further, a certain amountstress,
liife events and lifestylea stress condition is always 'relative' in nature.
any moderate stressful situation will help you to bring out the best from youstress
condition and medication stress has become an integral part of your life
and you will be experiencing stress throughout your life in varied degreesstress
and time managementtime is the scarcest resource in your life. if you
cannot manage time, you will not be in a position to manage other things
stress
        reliever activities
        stress was prevalent in older days and our forefathers also experienced
        stress in their life
effective
        steps for better stress management
        you are simply over loaded with work besides the daily routine that you
        have to keep. it is impossible for you to keep up with the dead lines

how
        to cope with stress and illness
        stress and illness during the advanced years of life can be devastating
        physically and mentally. stress is the chief contributor for illness

how
        to use chinese stress balls
        a person’s reaction to pressure from the external world results in
        emotional ad physical strain which is other wise called stress
anger
        management for kids
        children are forthcoming when it comes to sharing their feelings, and
        emotions. it is extremely difficult to learn the feelings of pain and
        guilt 
 facts
        about cryogenic stress relief 
        the study of very low temperatures and the nature of reactions of materials
        at those temperatures are called cryogenics
 how
        to deal with stress ulcer symptoms 
        an ulcer in the upper gastro intestines caused by an injury from surgery,
        major burns, or a critical head injury is generally called a stress ulcer

the
        dangerous effect of stress on the body
        stress is ubiquitous in our busy lives and it is impossible for an average
        person to manage and balance stress arising out f work and family life

anger
        management tips for stressful situations
        in managing anger issues emotions erupt under stressful situations. people
        try to defend themselves if a situation arises 

learn
        how to avoid procrastination
        if you are a shirker or delay things or put off your task, you are a procrastinator
        and should know how to overcome it 
 aftermaths
        of procrastination
        we are all victims of procrastination at one time or other in our lives.
        because of this guilt an important project 
useful
        tips to outwit procrastination
        you know you have to do the project looming over your head causing you
        undue stress and anxiety
get,
        set, set your goal easy
        you may be wondering at the success of top performing athletes or a high-performing
        businessman and once you have any chance to interact with 
why
        not watch an anger management movie
        as anger management is an all embracing problem in society many programs
        are developed, written with net website created and anger management

happiness
        lies in the minds of beholder
        in your life you would have heard the words “be happy, don’t
        worry” really countless number of times 
your
        self improvement is just a 7 step journey
        many times you would have watched with awe your favorite celebrities in
        tv shows, but you may never think why such high-flying people also miserably
8
        ways to manage stress effectively
        the way one manages their stress successfully is known as stress management
        there are multiple ways to manage stress effectively 
stress
        and diet - managing your stress with help of healthy 
        diet plays a very important role in an individual’s state of mind.
        eating balanced diet that comprises of all the essential nutrients

 
 





 


copyright -
      © 2006 - 2025      
privacy 
    policy - disclosure
- 
    contact


 
  
         
  


