



willem de thouars home page













                                                                  

                            

			

click photo 



willem de thouars seminar series ~ 12 dvd 
set

$200.00 

$100.00

the best of willem de thouars! 
12 dvd set of seminars with “uncle bill” in the 1980s and 1990s. a 
	‘must-have’ for all aficionados of bapak willem de thouars. 
bapak willem de thouars at his best.
these seminar dvds were filmed by steve gartin during the 1980s and 1990s 
	in the denver, colorado area.
“uncle bill,” as he is best known, conducted 12 seminars at a 
	wide variety of martial arts schools focusing on kuntao and silat and the 
	unique applications of many of the styles and systems willem has practiced.
one-day
half off sale to 
	celebrate willem’s birthday on january 9th.


	https://kuntaosilat.com/product/willem-de-thouars-seminar-series-12-dvd-set/
merry 83rd birthday willem! {willemdethouars@gmail.com}










				 
this will be 

	replaced by the swf.




bapak willem de thouars speaking of pak 

steve gartin









				 
this will be 

	replaced by the swf.




bapak willem de thouars apologizes to sigung 

steve gartin for lying about him and chas clements

meet willem de thouars ~ published by
			
			santiago dobles















willem always seems to find 
			some hapless martial artist like john malmo, 

			http://malmomartialarts.com/ or 
			santiago dobles 


			https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucdt2kzopkkylfz7hnvq5srg 
			to carry his message of hate, racism, lies, slander and libel to the 
			people inquiring into silat or serak or kuntao. perhaps these 
			gentlemen have no concern for the horrible image willem is casting 
			upon them and the arts they are trying to practice. maybe they have 
			no concern for the truth and prefer to ignore willem's pathological 
			penchant for spreading lies about the arts of silat and kuntao so 
			that they can be willem's "representative" until they too fall out 
			of favour with the self-proclaimed "saint of serak."  if you 
			watch a few of either of these gentlemen's videos and compare them 
			with what you see on 
www.kuntaosilat.com 
			it will be quite easy to see that there is a vast disparity of 
			expertise in the art of kuntao silat. i have yet to see a video of 
			anyone that willem has pronounced as "finished" or guru, outside of 
			phillip sailas and my own students who now study with willem who are 
			competent practitioners of kuntao silat. just take a look at malmo's 
			and santiago's videos and judge for yourself. 

willem starts another war

round one


round two

 

round three

 

round four

 

round five

 

round six - tko



the end of the willem de thouars debacle
















{kuntao 

silat discussion board}


notice willem throwing the satanic hand 

		sign


willem had been threatening 
			to "kick my ass" and i showed up at his seminar at ron carlson's 
			school on 25 may 2003 to 
have my ass kicked. willem 
			greeted me warmly, asked me to assist him - then begged me to "come 
			back" into his group. 
this picture and the one 
			above were taken that day. no one kicked my ass; everyone was happy 
			to see chas and i return. 
steve gartin

 


click here for willem's last letter to steve
 


click here for willem's apology

click here to read the truth about willem and joyce de thouars



click here to enter 

	the main kuntao silat website



click photo for willem's 
book of lies and slander





pak steve & willem de thouars at a private lesson for the distance 
	learning program that he now denies authorizing


 




 

every so often willem tries to track me down for the  
pediphile infested organization known as the denver joint domestic terrorism task force. 
{search the term "tim walsh + columbine" and you will understand why the 
columbine massacre happened and a little more research will reveal exactly who 
did all the killing there. gay clyman and his queer lover 
don estep have been 
working hand-in-glove with willem de thouars for many years to try to keep me 
from revealing the lucifarian pedophile ring operating in denver, colorado and 
the connections to the jon bennet ramsey murder and the columbine massacre as 
well as many other heinous crimes. the 
video willem made for gay clyman and don estep can be found 
here. 
 

below is another of willem's attempts to anger me into 
contacting him so that gay clyman and his queer lover, don estep, could track 
down my location and murder me before i could reveal their perverse agenda and 
henious criminal activity. 
 


instead of calling willem, which would have enabled the lucifarian butt-stabbers 
to track my location, i instead communicated with willem through re-mailers and 
when the lucifarian queers discovered that i was not going to reveal anything, 
willem suddenly ceased trying to contact me. i set him up to converse with the 
kuntao silat people on the kuntao silat forum, but willem never answered the 
first post and has not tried to contact me again until just recently. 
willem is a member of the kts forum, so he will be able to respond and to freely 
post his opinions and position.

 

"uncle bill" a.k.a. willem de thouars has joined the american kuntao silat forum 
and steve asked me to announce that he is open to questions and repartee from 
the akts family!

 

so: welcome uncle bill, from all the akts family! the floor is yours 
;d





 

willem's last email to steve follows from last to first order:

with the concurrency of devastation you was a victim of, (learned that out a 
lawbook, as a lawyer's standard version - in the rights of a citizen) and 
circumstances - i can easy see, why you prefer 
a cave, over a humanistic settlement - with many people in urban living. 
as a brother, just concern.

steve, (at my age), i really become a more resourceful thinker by studying 
history at large. history, taught me a lots more in finding my nature back in 
spirit.

i read ceasar's commentaries, (almost everyday), in which ceasar declined his 
wishes with the syrians as party going soldiers, in being disorganized and 
feared the germans more at gaule. ( the rhine river lands). he was dying to get 
pompey at his side - to resque them from the pirates, who were plundering their 
foods supply and for the sake of rome. pompey did, after nearly killing 
1.5000.000 villagers and pirates. hitler was not the only one who killed 
millions, comparing him with stalin and generalism mao tze tung. stalin killed 
his own family and another 30 to 40 million, and mao, around 60 million. the 
history of mankind generates in a continued battle, that all our troubles, 
reside in the nature of men. my kun tao teachers family, in shandong valley 
(fuekchin) were all killed by the communists.

you may not belief in me anymore, in what i had to become - more like a source 
of history in research, and in nature and in penmanship (now the keyboard) - 
relates most of my written issues more to george s patton ( my greatst legend) - 
napoleon, the corsican ( a total field artillery, a genius) and for sure my most 
loved and beladed howard cossel, whose actual name was cohen ( cowan). 
i met howard cossel, as a sailor in 1957, in upper manhatten. cossel who 
had established a successful lawfirm ( was harvard educated and out oxford) 
became bored in dealing with people - went later to sports broadcasting. he 
brought jacky robinson,( the base ball player) and also the first black athlete, 
to one of america's best. and classius without howard, was never so greatly 
advertised. (how your skinny older brother learn to become a prankster by 
arranging trouble amongst people). patton loved general sherman, was a true 
addictive follower of sherman's battle plans and thought sometimes to be a 
combination of ceasar and napoleon.

i am always grateful for the very best and overseer over all american generals 
of the second ww - the honorable george catlett marshall - his marshall plan in 
rebuilding the war thorn nations ( to prevent a communist take over in europe) 
and did many great things. people had all forgotten about him, a total sadness 
to me.

after establishing a pastor welters act in congress, made it possible for many 
dutch indonesians to find a new home in america. there are now well over 
100.000.00 of us people residing throughout america. in america, i like to see 
americans and not my own race. (just joking).

when we three brothers, and our parents came first to america, in may, and in 
1960 - paul and victor were constantly arguing and nearly to a fist fight, on 
the santa fee express, a train that brought us to pasadena, california. victor 
as the youngest brother, always had tried to be the boss over all the older 
brothers.  chess clements could have 
never (ever) put the sheer essence of the de thouars brothers, to a better means 
of understanding - for us to be, more or less, as the martial comedians. 
in order to keep victor happy, have to talk "hate"

talks, to tickle his funny. with paul, a similar idea for accomodations to his 
feelings. so in order to keep both brothers happy, have to steer troubles 
between the two - through hate talks (conversations).

they are still fighting in who was mar djoekie, could never have been victor's 
serak teacher. ( was always paul). paul always had angered him, for me to lie 
for victor on the mar djoekie conquest for the two enbattled brothers. the real 
truth is that mar djoekie was victor's marble shooting buddy. i love you steve, 
you my brother with more wisdom than any of my brothers. maurice same thing, 
thinks of himself, for being 60 - (while him), in being 86 years old. his 
stories on serak is verry much like the well known fish stories, we all know 
sowell -  a fish gets bigger, each 
time after a story told. between them, my brothers and me, and the world, my 
reason to be a researcher to seek history out - and a confused man at large. 
conclussively ending my email to you, in memorizing george catlett marshall, as 
known to winston churchill ( the greatest stateman of all times) in what he 
thought of the american general - as a wise stateman and a true legend as an 
ambasador of peace. all so true, george carlett marshall, 1931 - 1951. he 
played perhaps the greatest role as a world ambasador to international peace. 
sorry brother for my long emails, just read ceasar's commentary and the 
fascination of studying ceasar, replied in one of his commentaries by saying it 
in poetry.

{

therein all the famous history

of jason and medaea was ywritt;.....

his goodly conquest of the golden fleece....

the wondered argo, which is venturous peace first through the euxine seas bore 
all the flower of greece}.

please wishing you a very progressive as well, a glorious spirital day.

with all my caring, always your brother willem.

 

on 6/2/12, steve gartin <sigung@kuntaosilat.com> wrote:

 a 
fine evening to you my friend,

 

 original 
message:

 -----------------

 from: 
willem dethouars willemdethouars@gmail.com

 date: 
sat, 2 jun 2012 18:01:57 -0600

 to: 
sigung@kuntaosilat.com

 subject: 
re: aloha in spirit.

 

 thank 
you brother and will communicate more often, in the near or 

 distance 
future.

 

 steve:
great, i'll answer as often as i can. don't 
be alarmed if it takes a  week 
or more to get an answer though, since i don't go to the village 
 any 
more than necessary. i've come to cherish my solitude.

 

 please, 
i am curious, since when was you released from imprisonment? glad 
you are out and indeed, fought many spiritual battles you had to 
 overcome.

 

 steve:
september 2007. one of my friends, a judge i 
never sued, sent me a  message 
to tell me that they were planning to murder me next time they 
 got 
me in jail, so i quit playing their game. stacked decks are not my 
 favourite 
game anyway.

 

 funny 
thing, the silat tv, met many overseas friends - and also old 

 friends, 
i had not seen since the 1950's - when i left indonesia. will 

 be 
going after scandinavia, in september of this year also (make) a 

 trip 
to  the philippines.

 

 steve:
if you'll send me your schedule, i'll let my 
distance learning people  know 
when you will be in their area.

 

 many 
who hates me or many how likes me, keep on reading my hate mail, 
 something 
i learn from howard cossel. just to steer up trouble to 
 better 
my english, in a literal sense. my backroom is now a library 

 with 
300 books and my intentsified studies.

 

 steve:
your written presence is becoming more 
powerful in your old age. it 
 seems 
that you are getting a better handle on emotions. :-) not to 
 mention 
the english language.

 

 paul 
and victor are continuously on each other's case - in who is 

 better 
in serak.

 

 steve:
well, this is an election year; so maybe they 
can put aside their  brotherly 
bickering and act like a family for a change.

 

 and 
for sure, according to them: " willem knows nothing". hard to get 
 mad 
at brothers.

 

 steve:
you'd think they would tire of that bullshit 
by now; but their opinion  doesn't 
really matter anyway . . . at least not to anyone that 

 matters. 
:-)

 

 august 
of this year, is our gathering, and keith tries to bring all 

 four 
brothers in. i guess, i appoint myself to keep the brothers apart 

 and 
let you open up the ceremony with a good prayer.

 

 steve:
that would be an honour!

 

 anyway 
steve, don't like to keep you to much off your other social 

 duties 
and, wonder if you have a phone number i can reach you?

 

 steve:
there are no phones in my part of the world 
willem. next time i go to  the 
larger village i'll try to catch you on the phone; but don't hold 
 your 
breath. . . i don't do that any more than i absolutely have to.

 

 with 
a silent prayer and my, many thanks, always your brother willem

 

 steve:
my prayers join with yours brother. may 
peace, prosperity and security 
 be 
your silent friends.

 

 steve:
in yhvh's love,

 steve

 

 original 
message:

> -----------------

 from: 
willem dethouars willemdethouars@gmail.com

 date: 
sat, 2 jun 2012 18:01:57 -0600

 to: 
sigung@kuntaosilat.com

 subject: 
re: aloha in spirit.

 

 thank 
you brother and will communicate more often, in the near or 

 distance 
future.

 please, 
i am curious, since when was you released from imprisonment? 
 glad 
you are out and indeed, fought many spiritual battles you had to 
 overcome.

 funny 
thing, the silat tv, met many overseas friends - and also old 

 friends, 
i had not seen since the 1950's - when i left indonesia. will 

 be 
going after scandinavia, in september of this year also (make) a 

 trip 
to  the philippines. many who hates 
me or many how likes me, keep on reading my hate 
mail, something i learn from howard cossel. just to 
 steer 
up trouble to better my english, in a literal sense. my backroom 
 is 
now a library with 300 books and my intentsified studies.

 paul 
and victor are continuously on each other's case - in who is 

 better 
in serak. and 
for sure, according to them: " willem knows nothing". hard to get 
 mad 
at brothers. august of this year, is our gathering, and keith 
 tries 
to bring all four brothers in. i guess, i appoint myself to keep 
 the 
brothers apart and let you open up the ceremony with a good 
 prayer. 
anyway steve, don't like to keep you to much off your other 
 social 
duties and, wonder if you have a phone number i can 
reach you? with 
a silent prayer and my, many thanks, always your brother willem

 

 

 on 
6/2/12, steve gartin <sigung@kuntaosilat.com> wrote:

 i'm 
pleased that you dropped me a line in a more personal venue willem.

 it is 
good to be in communication with you again.

 

 original 
message:

 -----------------

 from: 
willem dethouars willemdethouars@gmail.com

 date: 
sat, 2 jun 2012 17:07:38 -0600

 to: 
sigung@kuntaosilat.com

 subject: 
aloha in spirit.

 

 dear 
brother,

 was 
great able to communicate with you, and relating my reminscince, 
 always 
the best times - we had and never the bad times. 
good times  and 
bad times are a surpluss in the lives of an individual, they come 
 and 
go. like wars are, today an enemy tomorrow an ally. patton 
 actually 
wanted to use the german army, (in charge von manstein) - to 
 fight 
the russians. he was fired by ike.

 

 we 
have had some great times; hard or easy is irrelevant ~ life is 

 like 
that!

 

 i 
just needed some attention, in not knowing where you are, and my 

 reason 
for pissing you off. i knew was never a right way, was concern  
 about 
you - regardless the circumstances.

 

 steve:
well, i haven't been in contact with the 
outside world much for the 
 last four years. i didn't mean any offense to you, 
and i agree that  

i should 
have at least dropped you a note. i'll do better in the future.

 

 we 
shall always be brothers. 

 

 right 
now, have a very sensitive issue with my brothers - victor 

 wants 
to kill paul, and paul wants to kill victor. we both, as 

 believers 
in the spirit of the universe need to pray for them.

 

 steve:
i'll add my prayers to yours brother. as 
crazy as those two are, i  love 
them dearly and always think happy thoughts in their direction.
 

i have used the silat tv to learn from great writers, not 
when they  feel 
good, but when they are mad. in between the lines is a great 
 resource. 
people just don't know me, that well, as you do and will do 

 less 
visits on silat tv.

 

 steve:
ha ha, they have missed much; but as you have 
always said, "a learned  gentleman 
conceals his skill. . ."

 

 my 
objective had been reached and i wrote a couple of good books - a 
 refreshed 
addition from the old diaries. 
 goingto 
be publisdhed soon in paperbag. will sent you a copy, soon as 
 i 
received a few.

 

 steve:
i'll drop a letter in the mail sometime soon 
and give you an address.

 

 my 
backroom where i had challenged those city slaggers, is now my 

 study 
room and research centre, belief me brother i am a very 

 peaceful 
man with a lots of caring toward peace.

 

 steve:
peace comes through power to choose, the weak 
have no choice in the matter.

 

 i am 
half jew and with a huge french historical background dating back since 
 the 
12th century a.d.

 

 steve:
yes, i have studied the de thouars family 
lineage. it is indeed 

 colourful!

 

 trust 
me  i am in much better shape, than i 
ever was before. hoping 

 you 
will come down the city and take me out for coffee and lunch. i 

 am 
nearing my 80's brother, and 76 now - and still a trouble maker. 

 always 
in spirit and care, your brother willem.

 

 steve:
i'm pleased to hear that your health is 
improving as the years go by.  
 it is 
a joy for me as well, in my mid-60's to be able to make the natives 
 pant 
when trying to keep up with me. :-)

 

 steve:
keep happy thoughts and know that you are in 
my thoughts and prayers!

 

 in 
yhvh's name,

 steve



 






  

god 

bless america!














