


an internet guide to chabad literature




 a guide to chabad literature 
 
multimedia galleries

 a collection
    of chabad niggunim  
audio snippets of classic jewish songs, chabad niggunim, and chabad melodies for daily
    and holiday prayers. 
 a chabad
    art and picture gallery 
over 30 works of art by chabad artists - covering a variety of jewish themes. also a
    gallery of photographs of the rebbe. 
 a gallery
    of special effects  
an exploratory gallery of interesting 3d graphics, animations, movies, java programs,
    vrml worlds and other multimedia effects, which have been created by this webmaster, as
    visual essays in emerging www technology. 
 a gallery of
    videos movies  
a gallery of videos of the rebbe, and other chabad activities. videos include: the rebbe
    speaking in english, the rebbe at the ground breaking for 770, the rebbe at various
    holidays. 


www learning centers

 chabad of
    cyberspace 
a huge archive of chabad literature. includes full books such as: the basic text of the
    chabad-lubavitch philosophy known as the "tanya", sefer hayom yom - a chassidic
    thought for every day, commentary on pirke avot - (ethics of our fathers) along with many
    articles about moshiach, chabad customs (minhagim) and locations of chabad houses. 
 chabad of beverly hills 
noted rav and posek, rabbi y. shusterman, discusses topics in
jewish law (halacha), gemara, chumash, maamorim, and tanya. also
contains special halacha newsletters pertaining to the observance of
major jewish holidays.


hypertext library

 rambam's: the
    laws concerning king moshiach 
the last two chapters of hilchos melachim (the laws concerning kings) of
    the final book sefer shoftim (the book of judges) of the mishneh torah. the definitive
    halachic source about the laws concerning moshiach. hypertext footnotes! 
 essays on
    troubling topics  
a collection of essays on topics such as: how does one deal with difficult situations?
    why are chabadniks different than other orthodox jews? what is the jewish attitude towards
    giving criticism and rebuke? 
 a new day
    breaks 
essays on how to see and appreciate how moshiach's arrival is imminent from contemporary
    events. in this flux of values and goals, people throughout the world have directed their
    attention to the ultimate redefinition of society that will be inspired by moshiach's
    coming. 
 the
    13 principles of faith 
a listing of the 13 fundamental principles of judaism as presented by the rambam in his
    commentary on the mishnah. includes an extensive explanation of the 13th principle (the
    resurrection of the dead).
 belief
    in moshiach: a dialog 
a conversation with rabbi manis freidman, world renowned jewish lecturer, on topics
    relating to moshiach. 
 what is
    bitachon (trust) in g-d? 
we all face difficult situations in the course of life. this is short essay about the
    value of bitachon in the face of an obstacle. based on a sichot of the rebbe, shlita. 
 questions
    & answers about moshiach 
why learn about something that is a matter of faith? won't we be disappointed if he does
    not come? what about the world situation today? why do we have to go through this golus?
    explore a hypertext document, that deals with the web of issues surrounding moshiach. 


other chabad sites

 chabad
    sites around the world 


 editor:
yechezkal-shimon gutfreund

questions: webmaster








visitors










