






mg arms customized for performance



















































skip to content






                                mg arms customized for performance                            






home
about
products

ultra-light
taranis 2
behemoth
banshee
wraithe
the she devil
signature
taranis x


finishes

standard finishes
custom finishes
cerakote® finishes


match grade guide
information

law / military
faq


gunsmithing
gallery

gallery
testimonials


events
contact us

















                                            it’s all about the look                                        

                                                the look of an mg arms firearm is so unique, they are distinguished from thousands!                                            







                                            it’s all about the feel                                        

                                                the feel is so lightweight, they are carried around the world!                                            







                                            it’s all about the performance                                        

                                                with performance that is guaranteed!                                            







                                            testimonials                                        

                                                a happy customer is a loyal customer mg arms clients are just as passionate about their firearms as we are. that is why they continue to come back to us over and over again. this page is dedicated to our loyal customers that have supported us through the 30+ years…                                            







                                            about mg arms                                        

                                                for over 40 years, mg arms has been building exactly what our customers want, each and every time! custom firearms built for the hunter . . . by the hunter. that’s been the passion guiding mg arms for over 40 years. carol & kerry o’day have been building the perfect firearm…                                            











                    grateful for your support – excited for the hunts ahead!                    
                


                        thank you to everyone who braved the winter storms to stop by our booths in atlanta, dallas, houston, and nashville last month. this is one of our favorite times of the year due in large part to the customers who pay us a visit at the shows. it was a pleasure to catch up with our returning customers and hear their hunting stories from the prior year. likewise, it was privilege to meet all of our new customers who chose to trust us on their next hunt. we had an exceptionally good show in nashville and are excited to begin working everyone’s orders. if you placed an order with us, please be on the lookout for an email or call from our office in the coming weeks. we will be reaching out to confirm details and ensure everyone receives their orders before their next hunt. we look forward to hearing more stories of adventures and conquests at our next round of shows and cannot wait to continue serving this wonderful community.                    
                    











order your new custom firearm today! to place an order for the
best custom firearm you will own – please call 281-821-8282 or email: info@mgarmsinc.com to speak with one of our expert gunsmiths.

2024 brochure
to view our brochure online click the image below.

contact us if you would like a hard copy of our brochure sent to you.

testimonialsamazedkerry, mary, carol, and all the staff. thank you for the quality, consistent, super accurate ultra light rifle. the rifle performs exactly as you said it would. i’m still amazed how anything this light can be this accurate. my first hunt was a desert mule deer, it ended up that the closest we could get was a steep 468 yards. using the javelin bipod and a fist size rock under the butt i was able to hold a steady squeeze. the deer was sharp quartering so the entrance target was small. the bullet hit perfectly and came out of his shoulder on the offside. thanks again for all your courtesies and professionalism. now off to old mexico for another desert muley!197-7/8”rmoore7×7 bull7×7 bull shot with my mg arms 300wsm mountain rifle.  thanks for this terrific elk gun!
taken at harteis ranch in the stonewall valley of south colorado.
d. mooreawesome rifleskerry / caroljust wanted to say thank you for the awesome rifles you made for our africa trip. all of your experience and knowledge were such a great help in putting the guns and scopes together and made for a very successful hunt for brandi and me. the rifles functioned flawlessly and the suggested swarovski z6i with the red dot reticle was a perfect addition to the rifles. i logged over 28 miles in three days hunting the right cape buffalo and was thankful for such a lightweight gun. i also was very happy with your suggestion to go with the .416 rem because it performed beautifully. we are already preparing for another trip next year. as you said africa is addictive. here are a few pictures from our trip. thanks again for your knowledge and for making such great rifles. thanks, cscottgreat brown bear on unimakhey kerry and carol, just wanted to thank you again for all your help and building such great rifles. i’ve now taken 2 grand slams and have an extra stone, dall, and desert with those great .300 rums. i also got a great brown bear on unimak this year with the .375 h&h improved.trusty .300 win mag ultralightwell, after 15 mountain game animals, my trusty .300 win mag ultralight and i made the journey to tanzania for a 28-day safari in moyowosi and masailand.  shot 18 different species with it.  day 1 with my first ph included a 450 yard shot at a potential top 20 topi.  day 1 with my second ph included a 430 yard shot at a very nice coke’s hartebeest.  also made 300+ yard shots at zebras, livingstone eland and fringe-eared oryx.  both ph’s were amazed that a rifle that light could be so accurate.  i was happy to be carrying a light rifle on the stalks, and the lightweight certainly helped getting on shooting sticks quickly for the short-range opportunities typical of africa hunting.bad ass ultra litethanks mg for the bad ass ultra lite 300 ultra mag. it’s a great mountain gun and gave me confidence. it was tack driving at 350 yards.  it took one shot to roll this bull. then second shot for good measure.  great recommendations. the thumb hole in stock was great addition.grand slam ram with my mg arms .270my grand slam ram….fourth taken with the .270 ultralight you built for me.  zion unit, utah.i over that rifle!!!!!thank you for an exceptional rifle!i speak with you every year at the expo in slc. just wanted to share another hunt with you.  i shot this pronghorn with the 6.5 creedmore you built me two years ago.  i have killed this,  several hogs and a black buck with this rifle, it impresses me every time i hunt with it. thank you for an exceptional rifle!  only needed one shotthank you for refurbishing my rifle. it was such a dream to pack for 8 days.  being so light.  it shoots amazing and i only needed one shot. got lucky and hit him good as he was quartering slightly and hit some heart and lung.  he only went about ten yards and was down! rifle consistently shoots 0.50″-0.75″ moa“this fannin ram was the 15th mountain game animal i’ve taken with my ultralight .300 win mag.  this was a challenging hunt; the rams stayed in heavy timber.  ended up with a 580 yard shot on day 7; dropped in his tracks.  rifle consistently shoots 0.50” – 0.75” moa, and i continue to be amazed by the combination of lightweight and low recoil.  love this rifle!  kemp”finest rifle availableyour commitment to standing behind your work is unprecedented in the market place today.the thing is incredible!i just want to say i love my rifle!!!!!!!!!   the thing is incredible!  i assisted and let several people shoot 17 animals with this rifle. everybody loves it and says its there favorite.  i want another that is light and big rifle with the same 3.5 x18 4-w scope, for moose, bear, mt goat, ibex, argali.performed flawlesslyjust wanted to send a quick note about how much i have continued to enjoy the 300wm ultra light y’all built for me.  it has taken an elk, muley, nilgai bull and cow so far.  great to carry anywhere, shoots lights out, and has performed flawlessly with the 210 bergers.  thanks again for all the attention to detail in the build and i will be looking forward to another one soon 6.5 x 284 times 2i want to thank you for my (2) 6.5×284’s you built for my boys. i took them to amarillo last week, and they took their first kills, and first bucks with them.a great day!mg arms, 190 lbs.  20+ inside spread.  22+ main beams.  9pt with a kicker. 308 yard shot with my mg arms 7mm mag with mg arms custom made ammo right out of the box to the stand on 12/24/2017.  (the date of my 30th wedding
anniversary)  thanks for making it a great day!!!finally . . .finally had a chance to use the.260 rem you guys built for me. one shot kill
with a hornady 143 grain eldx at 200 yards. coues deercoues deer taken with my 6.5 300 wby that you built for me. shot was 650
yards and from the hill i am pointing to the none picture.  thanks so much
for this great gun you built for me.huge mountain lion killed with a mga dragon slayeri definitely took the right gun!kerry and carol,  i hope you guys are ok, we got devastated down here but i made it back from the yukon.  this 6.5 creedmor was unbelievable and backpacking with a light gun really made it a lot better.  i got an exceptional stone with 14.25″
bases.  i definitely took the right gun!  one down, 3 more to go and plan on using this gun for the rest!  thanks again.stokes bearthe rifle shoots greati wanted to send a picture of the ram i took yesterday with the 6.5-300 you put together for me. the rifle shoots great and i couldn’t be happier. julie loves the .257 and .270 you built as well.fourth try’s the charmi just wanted to let you know that i finally got a cougar on my fourth try.i just wanted to let you know that i finally got a cougar on my fourth try. i used my trusted and favorite .270 from two of my favorite peeps! thank you once again.still in lovei am still in love with my mg ultra light! thanks again!825 yard elkjust wanted to thank you for the 300rum ultralite rifle you built me this past spring. i took it to new mexico, unit 23 (gila national forrest) and on the second day, i shot this 350″ bull elk at 825yards, one shot. i was hunting with michael de la o of gila & apache outfitters in reserve nm. these guys are the real deal, and this country was so rough,that without that sub-moa accuracy of your rifle, it would have never happened. the 7 total pounds (with huskemaw 5-20×50) of weight made the world of difference in that country.just wanted to thank you for the 300rum ultralite rifle you built me this past spring. i took it to new mexico, unit 23 (gila national forrest) and on the second day, i shot this 350″ bull elk at 825yards, one shot. i was hunting with michael de la o of gila & apache outfitters in reserve nm. these guys are the real deal, and this country was so rough,that without that sub-moa accuracy of your rifle, it would have never happened. the 7 total pounds (with huskemaw 5-20×50) of weight made the world of difference in that country. i think i am ready for a 280ai in your signature series when i get back home. thanks to you and your staff for such a fine firearm.nevada 8 x 8 bullhere’s photo of my bull.  scored 365 gross.  42” wide and 55” main beam.  very pleased.  he was an old bull and had 3 ivories.here’s photo of my bull.  scored 365 gross.  42” wide and 55” main beam.  very pleased.  he was an old bull and had 3 ivories. thanks,375hhi wanted to share with you pictures of the lion i got using the 375hh you built for me. i also attached a picture of the 270 gr triple shock bullets you loaded for me. the ph weighed them and all retained 100% of their weight! two shots above each eye and an insurance shot in the chest. also took a 46 inch buffalo with one shot using the 270 gr soft.my son’s first buckmy 8 year old son atlee took his first buck saturday with my mg arms ck-4 in 6.8. he dropped in his tracks! atlee was so happy and excited as was i.a super riflewe harvested a very nice alberta mule deer with the 300 win mag you folks built for us. it has become our “go-to rifle”.we harvested a very nice alberta mule deer with the 300 win mag you folks built for us. it has become our “go-to rifle”. it’s an outstanding product. thanks!mg arms ultra light 280 ackley lh- first seasoni just thought i would share the results of my first three shots on game with the rifle you built for me this year. the 5×5 bull elk and muley buck were from colorado and the whitetail fell in pennsylvania. three one shot kills with my own handloads. thanks much,game taken with my mgthe gun is awesomei thought you would like this pic of my son with the bobcat that he shot this weekend. perfect shot at about 175 yards. the gun is awesome.alaska black bear successi would like to thank mg arms for the gunsmithing work on my ruger 7mm mag (accuracy package, custom ammo, & custom stock). i had a very successful alaskan black bear hunt and i’m very pleased with the accuracy and light weight of my rifle. the custom stock made my rifle very light and easy to pack on long hikes in alaska. i have attached the photo of my 6″7″ black bear and i’m looking forward to the next hunting adventure with my customized rifle.another hunt, another trophy with my mg arms ultralight 325 wsmmy mg arms ultralight 325 wsm has become my “go to” plains game rifle in africa.  here is a picture of my rifle with a beautiful 3 ½ inch damarland dik dik that was taken in northwest namibia two weeks ago.  my mg arms ultralight 325 wsm also accounted for a wonderful hartmann’s mountain zebra stallion and three very respectable gemsbok. my mg arms ultralight 325 wsm has become my “go to” plains game rifle in africa.  here is a picture of my rifle with a beautiful 3 ½ inch damarland dik dik that was taken in northwest namibia two weeks ago.  my mg arms ultralight 325 wsm also accounted for a wonderful hartmann’s mountain zebra stallion and three very respectable gemsbok.  i love that rifle and its accuracy!your firearms are amazing !denise’s polar beari am extremely happy with this rifle.wanted to share a photo from my desert bighorn sheep hunt in sonora, mexico, the first hunt with my new ultralight .300 win mag. i shot a nice ram on day 4 of the hunt, a 350 yard shot straight up a steep incline. he dropped in his tracks. pretty much a perfect shot! i am extremely happy with this rifle. it weighs a little less than 7 pounds with scope and sling, consistently shoots sub-moa groups, and the recoil is amazingly light. next hunt will be for stone sheep in august.after upgrade.cape buffalo 39 inches, score 114. after your upgrade to my 416 rigby.second hunt with ultralight.my second hunt with my ultralight .300 win mag was for stone sheep in northern british columbia. shot this ram on opening day at 400 yards. he dropped in his tracks, just like the previous ram (desert bighorn). the 180 grain accubond hand loads seem to be doing the trick. we left our spike camp at 6:00 a.m. and returned at midnight, covering 2700’ vertical. i was really happy to be carrying a 7 lb rifle (with scope and sling).longest shot of my hunting career.i am at the lodge in full hunting mode. i will include some sheep hunt photos that i took last week on a great “old school” backpack sheep hunt. my mg arms 300 worked like a champ. we ranged the sheep at 461 yds at the shot. i had your ballistics chart and was sighted in at 300 yds. i showed 20″ low at 450 yds with a 180 gr triple shock round. i held 6″ over his back and center punched the heart. by far, the longest shot of my hunting career. which leads me to my question. i’m about to go into the field for grizz and moose. i’m bringing my mg arms 375 h&h. the rounds are your 270 gr tripleshock 69 gr rl 15 rp/ccifirst class equipmentcarol, again, thank you and kerry for building a company that is making outstanding rifles and great loads for the first in class equipment. great equipment does matter!barrel break-ini went to the range yesterday and started the barrel break-in process (shot 18 rounds in 6, 3 shot groups). i can now say that not only the look and feel of the rifle meet my expectations, but the accuracy is amazing. after this one range session shooting some of the your supplied ammo as well as three different loads i has worked up for my other (kimber) 300 wsm i have more confidence in this rifle than any other that i own. thank you, mr. kerry and everyone their that worked on my rifle. i have attached two pictures of the last two groups i fired yesterday. with a little more time behind the trigger i should be able to get these groups a little tighter and really break the rifle in on some deer in december.
thanks again,
brian m.570 yards with my 300 ultrawanted to pass along a photo of the bull my daughter heather took this week with her mg arms 300ultra mag.  570 yards. we do love ultra light rifles.elk taken with 338 ultraawesome muley!dropped him on top of a mountain at 200 yards. she shot an albino whitetail this year that could be the biggest non typical albino ever killed, she loves her gun. alaska next.very happy rifle ownersorry no gun in the sheep photos thought you would enjoy the pic anyway. very happy rifle owner.match grade guide blog what could go wrong?
calibers for texas super exotics
don’t clean it
bullet expansion at long-range
new high bc bullets – should you use them?
why so many great 7mm’s
what is the flattest shooting caliber?
so what varmint caliber should i use?
the 30-06 springfield – america’s classic caliber
what to do when you can’t find ammo anymore
357 mag to 256 winchester
why a $10,000 rifle?
ar rifles and small bullets
back to basics

swarovski turret installation 
https://mgarmsinc.com/videos/swarovski_turret_install_video_mov_adobeexpress.mp4



















home 
















search for:



 





















search for:



 
















                                        © 2024 mg arms incorporated | all rights reserved | prices are subject to change without notice.                                    





















































