



community dialogue – website for community dialogue










































































home
about

our history
strategic plan 2023 – 2026
our staff & board


consensus building dialogue

how dialogue works
ground rules & guidelines for dialogue


programme examples

programmes


resources
contact and get involved
 






✕














our vision 
							is of a vibrant, just and inclusive society, informed and empowered through dialogue 
							
 


how does dialogue work? 
							
 


 













welcome to community dialogue we are a charity dedicated to fostering understanding, trust, and collaboration among diverse groups in northern ireland. 
our vision is of a society built on a foundation of meaningful, sustainable relationships where equality, inclusion and social justice are reflected in the lives of all of its people. 
our mission is to engage civic society in dialogue and training that builds consensus on divisive social issues and builds progress towards a shared, inclusive, participative and sustainable future. 
our process we offer structured dialogues and workshops that are safe spaces in which individuals from different backgrounds can engage in meaningful conversations, share their journeys and explore common ground. 
our impact our skilled facilitators guide discussions that break down barriers, challenge stereotypes and build lasting relationships. by empowering participants to address contentious issues together and work collaboratively towards shared social justice goals, we contribute to a more inclusive, socially cohesive and reconciled society.
get involved please take the time to explore our site and learn more about our mission, vision, activities and impact. if you think you would like to get involved then please don’t hesitate to contact us. we look forward to hearing from you.

support our work!






latest news
the civic initiative citizen’s forum on housing concludes in st columb’s hall, derry/londonderry27 november 2024
peace summit partnership submission to the oireachtas joint committee on the agreement22 october 2024
is the draft programme for government fit for purpose? community dialogue practitioners forum2 october 2024
draft programme for government available on resources.20 september 2024
halifax foundation for northern ireland – funding19 july 2024


social media






















 
community dialogue
an organisation committed to a dialogue process, developed over the years, to help transform understanding and build trust amongst people who often hold opposing political, social and religious views.




further informationaccessibility
privacy policy
contact and get involved
 
contact details

st columbs park house
4 limavady road, waterside
l’derry bt47 6jy










                copyright © 2020.              
















social media & sharing icons  powered by ultimatelysocial 



































