community impact | university of chicagoyou need to enable javascript to run this app.





 
community impactcommitted to our communitythe neighborhoods where we study, work, and live are an integral part of life at the university. this is our community—and we are dedicated to fostering meaningful social change and enhancing the quality of life for all of our neighbors.  partnering with our neighborswe work with people and organizations in our community to create opportunities for local residents, small businesses, and nonprofits. to do this, we draw upon our strengths in education, research, and innovation as well as our role as the largest employer on the south side.
learn morea university-wide commitmentevery division and school across the university contribute to this impactful work. collectively, we are strengthening health and education, creating economic opportunity, supporting public safety, and enriching the cultural landscape to build a brighter future for all who live, work, and study in chicago neighborhoods.learn moreareas of impact in chicago and beyondarts and culture as a partner in the south side’s storied arts and cultural heritage, we work to provide opportunities, resources, and programs that reflect our community, while lifting up local artists. learn morecivic infrastructurethe university provides broad, capacity-building support for community-based nonprofits and civic leaders.learn morecommunity healththe university and uchicago medicine are committed to promoting health equity and access to care on the south side so that all residents have the opportunity to thrive.learn moreeconomic opportunity and entrepreneurship we create job opportunities for local residents,  support small businesses through workshops and industry connections, while also helping local entrepreneurs address challenges and develop new strategies for growth. learn morek-12 educationwe demonstrate our commitment to urban education through programs and initiatives that serve pre-k through high school and foster college readiness, while partnering with educators to strengthen our city’s schools.learn morepublic safetythe university and uchicago medicine work with community partners to reduce violence and address its root causes, build safer communities, and help those affected by violence. learn more the university of chicagoedward h. levi hall
5801 s. ellis ave.
chicago, il 60637title ixnon-discrimination statementaccreditation/ibhe resolutionemergency infojob opportunitiesmake a giftaccessibilityprivacyvisit uchicagocampus directorycontact usmaps & directionsmy.uchicagooffice365a-z listing©2025 the university of chicago