


footsteps of love






the gospel banner exchange


turn on your speakers and enjoy a music video located at bottom of page!  (please take time to load)


here are all of my friends on goldtoken.com

























    
	footsteps of love
	
  
my precious, precious child, i love you and i would never leave you. during your times of trial and suffering, when you see only one set of footprints, it was then that i carried you.



for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish, but have everlasting life.  john 3:16







saturday, april 07, 2007



	 
	 easter sunday
	 
    


this is the day the doves returned,the greatest day on earth,the day the stone was overturned,the sign of man's rebirth.this is the day he left the tomb,the day the angels hailed,this is the day the lilies bloomed,the day to lift the veil.this is the day that mary's tears,upon her cheek were dried,the day the angels quelled her fears,by singing he's alive!this is the day that christ was seen,walking on the road,in the flesh - no, not a dream,in a white and holy robe.this is the day he spoke aloud,hear, see, touch - he's real,the day he rose up in the clouds,god's truths for man revealed.make your comments heard using commentyou.com



posted by 4given4ever @ 9:43 pm  
    	
         3 comments






saturday, march 31, 2007



	 
	 two wolves
	 
    


one evening an old cherokee told his grandson about a battle that goes on inside people.he said, "my son, the battle is between two "wolves" inside us all.one is evil. it is anger, envy, jealousy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego.the other is good.  it is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion and faith."the grandson thought about it for a minute and then asked his grandfather:"which wolf wins?"  the old cherokee simply replied, "the one you feed."



posted by 4given4ever @ 5:28 pm  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 directions to our father's house
	 
    


make a right onto believeth blvd. keep straight and go through the green light, which is jesus christ. there, you must turn onto the bridge of faith , which is over troubled water. when you get off the bridge, make a right turn and keep straight. you are on the king's highway - heaven-bound. keep going for three miles: one for the father, one for the son, and one for the holy ghost.  then exit off onto grace blvd.  from there, make a right turn on gospel lane . keep straight and then make another right on prayer road . as you go on your way, yield not to the traffic on temptation ave.  also, avoid sin street because it is a dead end.  pass up envy drive , and hate avenue . also, pass hypocrisy street , gossiping lane , and backbiting blvd.   however, you have to go down long-suffering lane , persecution blvd. and trials and tribulations ave.    but that's all right, because victory street is straight ahead! 



posted by 4given4ever @ 2:42 pm  
    	
         1 comments






wednesday, march 28, 2007



	 
	 grandma's hands
	 
    


grandma, some ninety plus years, sat feebly on the patio bench. she didn't move, just sat with her head down staring at her hands. when i sat down beside her she didn't acknowledge my presence and the longer i sat i wondered if she was ok. finally, not really wanting to disturb her but wanting to check on her at the same time, i asked her if she was ok. she raised her head and looked at me and smiled."yes, i'm fine, thank you for asking", she said in a clear strong voice. "i didn't mean to disturb you, grandma, but you were just sitting here staring at your hands and i wanted to make sure you were ok," i explained to her. "have you ever looked at your hands?" she asked. "i mean really looked at your hands?" i slowly opened my hands and stared down at them. i turned them over, palms up and then palms down. no, i guess i had never really looked at my hands as i tried to figure out the point she was making. grandma smiled and related this story: "stop and think for a moment about the hands you have, how they have served you well throughout your years. these hands, though wrinkled, shriveled and weak have been the tools i have used all my life to reach out and grab and embrace life. they braced and caught my fall when as a toddler i crashed upon the floor. they put food in my mouth and clothes on my back. as a child my mother taught me to fold them in prayer. they tied my shoes and pulled on my boots. they dried the tears of my children and caressed the love of my life. they wiped my tears when my husband went off to war. they have been dirty, scraped and raw, swollen and bent.  they were uneasy and clumsy when i tried to hold our newborn daughter. decorated with my wedding band they showed the world that i was married and loved someone special. they wrote the letters home and trembled and shook when i buried my parents and spouse. they have held children, consoled neighbors, and shook in fists of anger when i didn't understand. they have covered my face, combed my hair, and washed and cleansed the rest of my body. they have been sticky and wet, bent and broken, dried and raw. and to this day when not much of anything else of me works real well these hands hold me up, lay me down, and again continue to fold in prayer. these hands are the mark of where i've been and the ruggedness of my life. but more importantly it will be these hands that god will reach out and take when he leads me home. and with my hands he will lift me to his side and there i will use these hands to touch the face of christ." i will never look at my hands the same again. but i remember god reached out and took my grandma's hands and led her home. when my hands are hurt or sore or when i stroke the face of my children and husband i think of grandma. i know she has been stroked and caressed and held by the hands of god. i, too, want to touch the face of god and feel his hands upon my face. 



posted by 4given4ever @ 7:24 pm  
    	
         0 comments









	 
	 moses and jesus
	 
    


a burglar broke into a house one night.he shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables; and when he picked up a cd player to place in his sack, a strange, disembodied voice echoed from the dark saying, "jesus is watching you."he nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight off, and froze.when he heard nothing more after a bit , he shook his head, promised himself a vacation after the next big score, then clicked the light on and began searching for more valuables. just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard, "jesus is watching you."freaked out, he shined his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice.finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot."did you say that?" he hissed at the parrot."yep," the parrot confessed, then squawked, "i'm just trying to warn you."the burglar relaxed. "warn me, huh? who in the world are you?""moses," replied the bird."moses?" the burglar laughed . "what kind of people would name their bird moses?""the kind of people that would name their rottweiler jesus."



posted by 4given4ever @ 5:34 pm  
    	
         0 comments






sunday, march 25, 2007



	 
	 christians
	 
    


when i say... "i am a christian" i'm not shouting "i'm clean livin'." i'm whispering "i was lost, now i'm found and forgiven." when i say... "i am a christian" i don't speak of this with pride. i'm confessing that i stumble and need christ to be my guide.  when i say... "i am a christian" i'm not trying to be strong. i'm professing that i'm weak and need his strength to carry on.  when i say... "i am a christian" i'm not bragging of success. i'm admitting i have failed and need god to clean my mess.  when i say... "i am a christian" i'm not claiming to be perfect, my flaws are far too visible but, god believes i am worth it.  when i say... "i am a christian" i still feel the sting of pain. i have my share of heartaches so i call upon his name.  when i say... "i am a christian" i'm not holier than thou, i'm just a simple sinner who received god's good grace, somehow! 



posted by 4given4ever @ 6:25 pm  
    	
         1 comments






saturday, march 17, 2007



	 
	 we is friends!
	 
    


me and you is friends;you smile....i smile!you hurt....i hurt!you cry....i cry!you jump off bridge....i gonna miss your e-mails!



posted by 4given4ever @ 8:41 pm  
    	
         1 comments










many of you have done bible studies written by beth moore.  she's also a  fiesty texan, wife and mother of two daughters.this is one of her experiences.  (you may have already heard this one.) hairbrush experience of beth moore at the airport april 20, 2005, at the airport in knoxville , waiting to board the  plane,  i had the bible on my lap and was very intent upon what i was doing.   i'd had a marvelous morning with the lord.  i say this because i want  to tell you it is a scary thing to have the spirit of god really working  in  you.  you could end up doing some things you never would have done otherwise.  life in the spirit can be dangerous for a thousand reasons  not the least of which is your ego. i tried to keep from staring, but he was such a strange sight.  humped  over in a wheelchair, he was skin and bones, dressed in clothes that  obviously fit when he was at least twenty pounds heavier.  his knees  protruded from his trousers, and his shoulders looked like the coat  hanger was still in his shirt.  his hands looked like tangled masses of  veins and bones.  the strangest part of him was his hair and nails.  stringy, gray hair  hung well over his shoulders and down part of his back.  his  fingernails  were long, clean but strangely out of place on an old man. i looked down at my bible as fast as i could, discomfort burning my face.   as i tried to imagine what his story might have been, i found myself  wondering if i'd just had a howard hughes sighting.  then, i  remembered  that he was dead.  so this man in the airport...an impersonator maybe?   was a camera on us somewhere?  there i sat; trying to concentrate on the word to keep  from being concerned about a thin slice of humanity served on  a  wheelchair only a few seats from me. all the while, my heart was  growing  more and more overwhelmed with a feeling for him. let's admit it.   curiosity is a heap more comfortable than true concern,  and suddenly i was awash with aching emotion for this  bizarre-looking old man.  i  had walked with god long enough to see the handwriting on the wall.   i've learned that when i begin to feel what god feels, something so  contrary to my natural feelings, something dramatic is bound to happen.   and  it  may be embarrassing. i immediately began to resist because i could feel god working on my  spirit and i started arguing with god in my mind.  "oh, no, god,  please,  no."    i looked up at the ceiling as if i could stare straight through it  into heaven and said,  "don't make me witness to this man.  not right  here  and  now. please.  i'll do anything.  put me on the same plane, but don't  make me get up here and witness to this man in front of this gawking audience.   please, lord!"  there i sat in the blue vinyl chair begging his highness, "please  don't  make me witness to this man.  not now.  i'll do it on the plane."   then  i heard it...  "i  don't want you to witness to him.  i want you to  brush  his hair." the words were so clear, my heart leapt into my throat, and my  thoughts  spun like a top.  do i witness to the man or brush his hair?   no-brainier.  i  looked straight back up at the ceiling and said,  "god,  as i live and breathe, i want you to know i am ready to witness to  this  man. i'm on this lord.  i'm your girl!  you've never seen a woman  witness  to  a man faster in your life.  what difference does it make if his hair is a mess if he is not redeemed?  i am going to witness to this man."  again as clearly as i've ever heard an audible word, god seemed to write  this statement across the wall of my mind.  "that is not what i said,  beth.   i don't want you to witness to him.  i want you to go brush his  hair."  i looked up at god and quipped, "i don't have a hairbrush.  it's in my suitcase on the plane.  how am i supposed to brush his hair without a  hairbrush?"  god was so insistent that i almost involuntarily began to  walk toward him as these thoughts came to me from god's word: "i will  thoroughly furnish you unto all good works."  (2  timothy 3:17)  i stumbled over to the wheelchair thinking i could use one myself.   even as i retell this story, my pulse quickens and i feel those same  butterflies.  i knelt down in front of the man and asked as demurely  as  possible,  "sir, may i have the pleasure of brushing your hair?"  he looked back at me and said, "what did you say?"  "may i have the pleasure of brushing your hair?"  to which he responded in volume ten, "little lady, if you expect me  to  hear you, you're going to have to talk louder than that."  at this point, i took a deep breath and blurted out,  "sir, may i have  the pleasure of brushing your hair?"  at which point every eye in the place darted right at me.  i was the only thing in the room looking more peculiar than old mr. longlocks. face crimson and forehead breaking out in a sweat, i  watched him look  up  at me with absolute shock on his face, and say, "if you really want  to."   are you kidding?  of  course i didn't want to.  but god didn't seem interested in my personal preference right about then.  he pressed on  my  heart until i could utter the words, "yes, sir, i would be pleased.   but i have one little problem.  i don't have a hairbrush."  "i have  one  in my bag, " he responded.  i went around to the back of that wheelchair, and i got on my hands  and  knees and unzipped the stranger's old carry-on, hardly believing what  i  was doing.  i stood up and started brushing the old man's hair.  it  was  perfectly clean, but it was tangled and matted.  i don't do many  things  well, but must admit  i've had notable experience untangling knotted  hair mothering two little  girls.  like i'd done with either amanda or  melissa  in such a condition, i  began brushing at the very bottom of the  strands,  remembering to take my time not to pull.  a miraculous thing happened to me as i started brushing that old  man's  hair. everybody else in the room disappeared.  there was no one alive  for those moments except that old man and me.  i brushed and i brushed  and  i  brushed until every tangle was out of that hair.  i know this sounds  so strange, but i've never felt that kind of love for another soul in my entire  life.  i believe with all my heart, i - for that few minutes  -  felt a portion of the very love of god.  that he had overtaken my  heart  for a little while like someone renting a room and making himself at  home for a short while.  the  emotions were so strong and so pure that i knew they had to be  god's. his hair was finally as soft and smooth as an infant's.  i slipped the brush back in the bag and went around the chair to face  him.  i got back down on my knees, put my hands on his knees and said,  "sir, do you know my jesus?"  he said, "yes, i do." well, that figures, i thought.  he explained, "i've known him since i married my bride.  she wouldn't  marry me until i got to know the savior."  he said, "you see, the  problem is, i haven't seen my bride in months.  i've had  open-heart  surgery, and she's  been too ill to come see me.  i was sitting here  thinking to myself, what a mess i must be for my bride."  only god knows how often he allows us to be part of a divine moment  when  we're completely unaware of the significance.  this, on the other  hand,  was one of those rare encounters when i knew god had intervened in  details only he could have known.  it was a god moment, and i'll never  forget  it.  our time came to board, and we were not on the same plane. i was  deeply  ashamed of how i'd acted earlier and would have been so proud to have  accompanied him on that aircraft.  i still had a few minutes, and as i gathered my things to board, the airline hostess returned from the corridor, tears streaming down her  cheeks. she said, "that old man's sitting on the plane, sobbing.  why  did  you do  that? what made you do that?"  i said, "do you know jesus?  he can be the bossiest thing!" and we got to  share. i learned something about god that day.  he knows if you're  exhausted,  you're hungry,  you're serving in the wrong place or it is time to  move  on but you feel too responsible to budge.  he knows if you're hurting or feeling rejected.  he knows if you're sick or drowning under a wave of  temptation.  or he knows if you just need your hair brushed.  he sees  you as an individual.  tell him your need!  i got on my own flight, sobs choking my throat, wondering how many  opportunities just like that one had i missed along the way.  .     all  because i didn't want  people to think i was strange.  god didn't send  me  to that old man.  he sent that old man to me.  john 1:14 "the word became flesh and made his dwelling among us.  we  have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only, who came from the  father, full of grace and truth."  be  blessed! 



posted by 4given4ever @ 9:27 am  
    	
         2 comments






thursday, march 15, 2007



	 
	 world's greatest man
	 
    


the greatest man in history was and is jesus christ, he had no servants, yet they called him master. had no degree, yet they called him teacher.  had no medicines, yet they called him healer. he had no army, yet kings feared him. he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world.  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him. he died and was buried in a borrowed tomb, yet he lives today. i feel honored to serve such a leader who loves us!



posted by 4given4ever @ 5:26 pm  
    	
         4 comments






friday, march 02, 2007



	 
	 this is soooo cool!
	 
    






posted by 4given4ever @ 7:44 pm  
    	
         0 comments














posted by 4given4ever @ 6:19 pm  
    	
         5 comments






sunday, february 04, 2007



	 
	 life is a gift
	 
    


there was a blind girl who hated herself just because she's blind. she hated everyone, except her loving boyfriend. he's always there for her. she said that if she could only see the world, she would marry her boyfriend. one day, someone donated a pair of eyes to her and then she could see everything, including her boyfriend. her boyfriend asked her, "now that you can see the world, will you marry me?" the girl was shocked when she saw that her boyfriend is blind too, and refused to marry him. her boyfriend walked away in tears, and later wrote a letter to her saying. "just take care of my eyes, dear.this is how the human brain changes when the status changes. only few remember what life was before, and who's always been there even in the most painful situations. today before you think of saying an unkind word - think of someone who can't speak.before you complain about the taste of your food - think of someone who has nothing to eat.before you complain about your husband or wife - think of someone who's crying out to god for a companion.today before you complain about life - think of someone who died too early.before you complain about your children - think of someone who desires children but they're barren.before you argue about your dirty house, someone didn't clean or sweep -think of the people who are living in the streets.before whining about the distance you drive - think of someone who walks the same distance with their feet.and when you are tired and complain about your job - think of the unemployed, the disabled and those who wished they had your job.but before you think of pointing the finger or condemning another -remember that not one of us are without sin and we all answer to one maker.and when depressing thoughts seem to get you down - put a smile on your face and thank god you're alive and still around.life is a gift, live it, enjoy it, celebrate it, and fulfill it.give god the praise that he so deserves. - author unknown



posted by 4given4ever @ 2:21 pm  
    	
         3 comments






sunday, january 28, 2007




the man whispered, "god, speak to me" and a meadowlark sang. but, the man did not hear.  so the man yelled, "god, speak to me" and the thunder rolled across the sky. but, the man did not listen.  the man looked around and said,  "god let me see you."and a star shined brightly.but the man did not see.  and, the man shouted,  "god show me a miracle." and, a life was born. but, the man did not notice.  so, the man cried out in despair,  "touch me god, and let me know you are here."  whereupon, god reached down and touched the man.  but, the man brushed the butterfly away.



posted by 4given4ever @ 4:18 pm  
    	
         2 comments










hello god,i called tonightto talk a little whilei need a friend who'll listento my anxiety and trial.you see, i can't quite make itthrough a day just on my own...i need your love to guide me,so i'll never feel alone.i want to ask you please to keepmy family safe and sound.come and fill their lives with confidencefor whatever fate they're bound.give me faith, dear god, to faceeach hour throughout the day,and not to worry over thingsi can't change in any way.i thank you god for being homeand listening to my call,for giving me such good advicewhen i stumble and fall.your number, god, is the only onethat answers every time.i never get a busy signal,never had to pay a dime.so thank you, god, for listeningto my troubles and my sorrow.good night, god, i love you too,and i'll call again tomorrow! 



posted by 4given4ever @ 4:16 pm  
    	
         0 comments






wednesday, december 27, 2006




duct tape or nails a man dies and goes to heaven.   of course, st. peter meets him at the pearly gates.   st. peter says, "here's how it works.   you need 100 points to make it into heaven.  you tell me all the good things you've done, and i give you a certain  number of points for each item, depending on how good it was.   when you reach 100 points, you get in." "okay," the man says, "i was married to the same woman for 50 years and never cheated on her,  even in my heart." "that's wonderful," says st.peter, "that's worth three points!" "three points?" he says. "well, i attended church all my life  and supported its ministry with my tithe and service." "terrific!" says st.peter. "that's certainly worth a point." "one point!?!!" "i started a soup kitchen in my city and worked in a shelter for homeless veterans.""fantastic, that's good for two more points," he says."two points!!! "exasperated, the man cries. "at this rate the only way i'll get into heaven is by the grace of god." "bingo, 100 points! come on in. we often try to fix problems  with wd-40 and duct tape.   god did it with nails.



posted by 4given4ever @ 5:24 pm  
    	
         2 comments









	 
	 the 12 days of christmas
	 
    


what in the world do leaping lords, french hens, swimming swans, and especially the partridge who won't come out of the pear tree have to do with christmas?from 1558 until 1829, roman catholics in england were not permitted to practice their faith openly.  someone during that era wrote this carol as a catechism song for young catholics.it has two levels of meaning:  the surface meaning plus a hidden meaning known only to members of their church.each element in the carol has a code word for religious reality which the children could remember. the partridge in the pear tree was jesus christ. two turtle doves were the old and the new testaments. three french hens stood for faith, hope and love. the four calling birds were the four gospels of matthew, mark, luke and john. the five golden rings recalled the toral or law, the first five books of the old testament. the six geese a-laying stood for the six days of creation.seven swans a-swimming represented the seven fold gifts of the holy spirit prophesy, serving, teaching, exhortation, contribution, leadership, and mercy. the eight maids a-milking were the eight beatitudes. nine ladies dancing were the nine fruits of the holy spirit: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self control. the ten lords a-leaping were the ten commandments. the eleven pipers piping stood for the eleven disciples. the twelve drummers drumming symbolized the twelve points of belief in the apostle's creed. so, there is your history for today.



posted by 4given4ever @ 3:20 pm  
    	
         2 comments










the old man sat in his gas station on a cold christmas eve. he hadn't been anywhere in years since his wife had passed away. it was just another day to him. he didn't hate christmas, just couldn't find a reason to celebrate. he was sitting there looking at the snow that had been falling for the last hour and wondering what it was all about when the door opened and a homeless man stepped through. instead of throwing the man out, old george as he was known by his customers, told the man to come and sit by the heater and warm up. "thank you, but i don't mean to intrude," said the stranger. "i see you're busy, i'll just go." "not without something hot in your belly." george said. he turned and opened a wide mouth thermos and handed it to the stranger. "it ain't much, but it's hot and tasty, "stew ... made it myself. when you're done, there's coffee and it's fresh." just at that moment he heard the "ding" of the driveway bell. "excuse me, be right back," george said. there in the driveway was an old '53 chevy. steam was rolling out of the front. the driver was panicked. "mister can you help me!" said the driver, with a deep spanish accent. "my wife is with child and my car is broken." george opened the hood. it was bad. the block looked cracked from the cold, the car was dead. "you ain't going in this thing," george said as he turned away. "but mister, please help ..." the door of the office closed behind george as he went inside. he went to the office wall and got the keys to his old truck, and went back outside. he walked around the building, opened the garage, started the truck and drove it around to where the couple was waiting. "here, take my truck," he said. "she ain't the best thing you ever looked at, but she runs real good." george helped put the woman in the truck and watched as it sped off into the night. he turned and walked back inside the office. "glad i gave 'em the truck, their tires were shot too. that 'ol truck has brand new ." george thought he was talking to the stranger, but the man had gone. the thermos was on the desk, empty, with a used coffee cup beside it. "well, at least he got something in his belly," george thought. george went back outside to see if the old chevy would start. it cranked slowly, but it started. he pulled it into the garage where the truck had been. he thought he would tinker with it for something to do. christmas eve meant no customers. he discovered the block hadn't cracked, it was just the bottom hose on the radiator. "well, shoot, i can fix this," he said to himself. so he put a new one on. "those tires ain't gonna get 'em through the winter either." he took the snow treads off of his wife's old lincoln. they were like new and he wasn't going to drive the car anyway. as he was working, he heard shots being fired. he ran outside and beside a police car an officer lay on the cold ground. bleeding from the left shoulder, the officer moaned, "please help me." george helped the officer inside as he remembered the training he had received in the army as a medic. he knew the wound needed attention. "pressure to stop the bleeding," he thought. the uniform company had been there that morning and had left clean shop towels. he used those and duct tape to bind the wound. "hey, they say duct tape can fix anythin'," he said, trying to make the policeman feel at ease. "something for pain," george thought. all he had was the pills he used for his back. "these ought to work." he put some water in a cup and gave the policeman the pills. "you hang in there, i'm going to get you an ambulance." the phone was dead. "maybe i can get one of your buddies on that there talk box out in your car." he went out only to find that a bullet had gone into the dashboard destroying the two way radio. he went back in to find the policeman sitting up. "thanks," said the officer. "you could have left me there. the guy that shot me is still in the area." george sat down beside him, "i would never leave an injured man in the army and i ain't gonna leave you." george pulled back the bandage to check for bleeding. "looks worse than what it is. bullet passed right through 'ya. good thing it missed the important stuff though. i think with time your gonna be right as rain." george got up and poured a cup of coffee. "how do you take it?" he asked. "none for me," said the officer. "oh, yer gonna drink this. best in the city. too bad i ain't got no donuts." the officer laughed and winced at the same time the front door of the office flew open. in burst a young man with a gun. "give me all your cash! do it now!" the young man yelled. his hand was shaking and george could tell that he had never done anything like this before. "that's the guy that shot me!" exclaimed the officer. "son, why are you doing this?" asked george, "you need to put the cannon away. somebody else might get hurt." the young man was confused. "shut up old man, or i'll shoot you, too. now give me the cash!" the cop was reaching for his gun. "put that thing away," george said to the cop, "we got one too many in here now." he turned his attention to the young man. "son, it's christmas eve. if you need money, well then, here. it ain't much but it's all i got. now put that pee shooter away." george pulled $150 out of his pocket and handed it to the young man, reaching for the barrel of the gun at the same time. the young man released his grip on the gun, fell to his knees and began to cry. "i'm not very good at this am i? all i wanted was to buy something for my wife and son," he went on. "i've lost my job, my rent is due, my car got repossessed last week ..." george handed the gun to the cop. son, we all get in a bit of squeeze now and then. the road gets hard sometimes, but we make it through the best we can." he got the young man to his feet, and sat him down on a chair across from the cop. "sometimes we do stupid things." george handed the young man a cup of coffee. "bein' stupid is one of the things that makes us human. comin' in here with a gun ain't the answer. now sit there and get warm and we'll sort this thing out." the young man had stopped crying. he looked over to the cop. "sorry i shot you. it just went off. i'm sorry officer." "shut up and drink your coffee." the cop said. george could hear the sounds of sirens outside. a police car and an ambulance skidded to a halt. two cops came through the door, guns drawn. "chuck! you ok?" one of the cops asked the wounded officer "not bad for a guy who took a bullet. how did you find me?" "gps locator in the car. best thing since sliced bread. who did this?" the other cop asked as he approached the young man. chuck answered him, "i don't know. the guy ran off into the dark. just dropped his gun and ran." george and the young man both looked puzzled at each other. "that guy work here?," the wounded cop continued. "yep," george said, "just hired him this morning. boy lost his job." the paramedics came in and loaded chuck onto the stretcher. the young man leaned over the wounded cop and whispered, "why?" chuck just said, "merry christmas boy ... and you too, george, and thanks for everything." "well, looks like you got one doozy of a break there. that ought to solve some of your problems." george went into the back room and came out with a box. he pulled out a ring box. "here you go, something for the little woman i don't think martha would mind. she said it would come in handy some day." the young man looked inside to see the biggest diamond ring he ever saw. "i can't take this," said the young man "it means something to you." "and now it means something to you," replied george. "i got my memories. that's all i need." george reached into the box again. an airplane, a car and a truck appeared next. they were toys that the oil company had left for him to sell. "here's something for that little man of yours." the young man began to cry again as he handed back the $150 that the old man had handed him earlier. "and what are you supposed to buy christmas dinner with? you keep that too," george said, "now git home to your family." the young man turned with tears streaming down his face. "i'll be here in the morning for work, if that job offer is still good." "nope. i'm closed christmas day," george said. "see ya the day after." george turned around to find that the stranger had returned. "where'd you come from? i thought you left?" "i have been here. i have always been here," said the stranger. "you say you don't celebrate christmas. why?" "well, after my wife passed away, i just couldn't see what all the bother was. puttin' up a tree and all seemed a waste of a good pine tree. bakin' cookies like i used to with martha just wasn't the same by myself and besides i was gettin' a little chubby." the stranger put his hand on george's shoulder. "but you do celebrate the holiday, george. you gave me food and drink and warmed me when i was cold and hungry. the woman with child will bear a son and he will become a great doctor. the policeman you helped will go on to save 19 people from being killed by terrorists. the young man who tried to rob you will make you a rich man and not take any for himself. "that is the spirit of the season and you keep it as good as any man." george was taken aback by all this stranger had said. "and how do you know all this?" asked the old man. "trust me, george. i have the inside track on this sort of thing. and when your days are done you will be with martha again." the stranger moved toward the door "if you will excuse me, george, i have to go now. i have to go home where there is a big celebration planned." george watched as the old leather jacket and the torn pants that the stranger was wearing turned into a white robe. a golden light began to fill the room. "you see, george ... it's my birthday. merry christmas." george fell to his knees and replied, "happy birthday, lord." ~ author unknown  



posted by 4given4ever @ 2:15 pm  
    	
         1 comments






sunday, december 03, 2006



	 
	 thank you!
	 
    


i rent a space on my blog all the time to other bloggers.  i know i never say "thank you" as i should.  i'm sorry for that.  i want each and every one of you to know that i appreciate you renting from me and i do thank you.  i will try to do better in the future. and if i forget to say "thank you" please remember that i appreciate each and every one of you.  keep blogging!  god bless you! 



posted by 4given4ever @ 8:03 pm  
    	
         1 comments









	 
	 jesus' christmas letter
	 
    


dear children,it has come to my attention that many of you are upset that folks are taking my name out of the season. maybe you've forgotten that i wasn't actually born during this time of the year and that it was some of your predecessors who decided to celebrate my birthday on what was actually a time of pagan festival, although i do appreciate being remembered anytime.how i personally feel about this celebration can probably be most easily understood by those of you who have been blessed with children of your own.i don't care what you call the day. if you want to celebrate my birth just, get along and love one another. now, having said that let me go on.if it bothers you that the town in which you live doesn't allow a scene depicting my birth, then just get rid of a couple of santas and snowmen and put in a small nativity scene on your own front lawn. if all my followers did that there wouldn't be any need for such a scene on the town square because there would be many of them all around town.stop worrying about the fact that people are calling the tree a holiday tree, instead of a christmas tree. it was i who made all trees. you can & may remember me anytime you see any tree. decorate a grape vine if you wish: i actually spoke of that one in a teaching explaining who i am in relation to you and what each of our tasks were. if you have forgot that one, look up john 15: 1-8.if you want to give me a present in remembrance of my birth here is my wish list. choose something from it.1. instead of writing protest letters objecting to the way my birthday is being celebrated, write letters of love and hope to soldiers away from home. they are terribly afraid and lonely this time of year. i know, they tell me all the time.2. visit someone in a nursing home. you don't have to know them personally. they just need to know that someone cares about them.3. instead of writing george complaining about the wording on the cards his staff sent out this year, why don't you write and tell him that you'll be praying for him and his family this year. then follow up. it will be nice hearing from you again.4. instead of giving your children a lot of gifts you can't afford and they don't need, spend time with them. tell them the story of my birth, and why i came to live with you down here. hold them in your arms and remind them that i love them.5. pick someone that has hurt you in the past and forgive him or her.6. did you know that someone in your town will attempt to take their own life this season because they feel so alone and hopeless? since you don't know who that person is, try giving everyone you meet a warm smile; it could make the difference. also, you might consider supporting the local hot-line: they talk with people like that every day.7. instead of nit-picking about what the retailer in your town calls the holiday, be patient with the people who work there. give them a warm smile and a kind word. even if they aren't allowed to wish you a "merry christmas" that doesn't keep you from wishing them one. then stop shopping there on sunday. if the store didn't make so much money on that day they'd close and let their employees spend the day at home with their families.8. if you really want to make a difference, support a missionary, especially one who takes my love & good news to those who have never heard my name. you may already know someone like that.9. here's a good one. there are individuals and whole families in your town who not only will have no "christmas" tree, but neither will they have any presents to give or receive. if you don't know them (and i suspect you don't) buy some food & a few gifts and give them to the marines, the salvation army or some other charity which believes in me & they will make the delivery for you.10. finally if you want to make a statement about your belief in and loyalty to me, then behave like a christian. don't do things in secret that you wouldn't do in my presence. let people know by your actions that you are one of mine.p.s don't forget; i am god and can take care of myself. just love me & do what i have told you to do. i'll take care of all the rest. check out the list above and get to work; time is short. i'll help you, but the ball is now in your court. and do have a most blessed christmas with all those whom you love and remember.



posted by 4given4ever @ 3:12 pm  
    	
         3 comments






friday, november 10, 2006




this was sent to me in an e-mail.  i don't know if it is true but it is wonderful nonetheless.arlington national cemetaryrest easy, sleep well my brothers.know the line has held, your job is done.rest easy, sleep well.others have taken up where you fell, the line has held.peace, peace, and farewell...readers may be interested to know that these wreaths -- some 5,000 -- are donated by the worcester wreath co. of harrington, maine . the owner, merrill worcester, not only provides the wreaths, but covers the trucking expense as well. he's done this since 1992. a wonderful guy. also, most years, groups of maine school kids combine an educational trip to dc with this event to help out. making this even more remarkable is the fact that harrington is in one the poorest parts of the state.



posted by 4given4ever @ 10:10 pm  
    	
         2 comments















about me

name:  4given4ever 
location:  pryor, oklahoma, united states 
i found jesus late in life but better late than never. i've not been the same since. i'm by no means sin-free but i do my best and put my faith and trust in god to do the rest. i am crazy in love with jesus. and of course, my husband too. i am a member of goldtoken.com and am president and owner of the jesus freaks club @ goldtoken.com. i have 4 very spoiled cats. i love college football...ou sooners. i love mlb...atlanta braves. i love my family including my church family. 

what's your story?
view my complete profile







click here and come visit me at my other site and be my friend!


myspacewebs.org animations  




















links

my church family
google news
technorati profile
the truth about hell
i can only imagine
drinking from my saucer
 blog madness
journey to heaven
in his steps
wes' corner
faith
contrary christian
living by faith 2
gods prayer warrior
through a dark glass
the building brows
the blunt prophet
pieces of me 
freaks against drugs
freaks into god
4given4ever
i was there
once upon a time a kid





click here to join click voyager - the traffic exchange with more!


previous posts

easter sunday
two wolves
directions to our father's house
grandma's hands
moses and jesus
christians
we is friends!
many of you have done bible studies written by bet...
world's greatest man
this is soooo cool!


blog search engine 
-search engine and directory of blogs. looking for blogs? find them on 
blogsearchengine.com








































my blog directory











you need javascript enabled to view these blessings. bible study aids

blogroll me!






  














online dating service


archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007









music video:
	 amazing grace by (chris tomlin) 

						music video code by video code zone
 



 




