



  






the island gift of life foundation



















































☰





						the island gift of life foundation
					


cart





home






services 






services offered




communities served




past services







donate




events




history




links






contact us






contact info




board




application forms



























    donate
  



our missionthe island gift of life foundation is a non-profit, 501c(3) organization that provides financial assistance and related support services to shelter islanders (and others on the east end) facing serious illnesses and conditions. these services are limited to individuals who live on shelter island and in the east end townships of long island, new york.













our services
we provide direct monetary grants, assistance with the insurance process, travel and lodging expenses, medical expense reduction, and other needs on a case-by-case basis. 



 


“a total stranger saved my life through a bone marrow transplant. i am forever grateful to my donor and for the gift of life for sponsoring bone marrow drives!”

— jessica

 











help is here
we urge all those coping with medical problems, whether financial, insurance related or otherwise, to contact us. a quick telephone conversation with one of our compassionate board members may start to relieve your fears. following this initial call, we can then assist you with the necessary steps to formally submit your case and get you the help you need.



 


“so when you wonder if the help you are giving me helps, i can tell you that it is what has kept me going – literally – and saying i’m so very grateful is an understatement.”

— susanne

 











get involved
if you would like to volunteer, are interested in working with our board, or would like to donate so we can continue helping others, please contact us.













the island gift of life foundation is a non-profit, 501c(3) organization that provides financial assistance and related support services to shelter islanders (and others on the east end) facing serious illnesses and conditions. these services are limited to individuals who live on shelter island and in the east end townships of long island, new york.the island gift of life po box 532, shelter island heights, ny 11965islandgiftoflife@gmail.com

















































