maine bear hunting – guided bear, moose and grouse hunts – north country lodge                      north country lodge
bear huntsbear huntsmaine bear huntsbear hunting seasonshunting package ratesbear hunting faqs2025 hunts still availabledividerbear hunt galleries2020 bear hunt gallery2019 bear hunt gallery2018 bear hunt gallery2022/2023 bear hunt gallery2024 bear hunt galleryabout north country lodgeabout north country lodgeaccommodationshunter testimonialsnorth country lodge videosmaine hunting seasonshunting package ratesonline hunting licenseonline hunting rulesfind uscontact usreserve a huntinformation requestmap & directionsget our enewslettersign up for newsletter
full menuhttps://youtu.be/e41ryexl37ibear huntsmaine bear huntsbear hunting seasonshunting package ratesbear hunting faqs2025 hunts still availabledividermoose huntsguided moose huntsmoose gallerygrouse & woodcock huntsmaine grouse & woodcock huntsdeer huntsnorth woods deer huntdeer galleryabout north country lodgeabout north country lodgeaccommodationshunter testimonialsnorth country lodge videosmaine hunting seasonshunting package ratesonline hunting licenseonline hunting rulesfind uscontact usreserve a huntinformation requestmap & directionsget our enewslettersign up for newsletter

bear hunting outfitterfor over 30 years!

grouse and woodcock huntingearly bird specialbook your trip today
 
 


  


maine black bear hunts at north country lodge now booking 2025. . . a complete maine hunting experiencewhen you plan your hunting trips, you expect the best, with “no surprises.” the goodman family established north country lodge in 1985, always making sure that guests enjoy the very best maine hunting experience.we believe that comfortable accommodations, relaxation, great meals, and complete service are an important part of an enjoyable hunting experience.if your dream is to bag a trophy maine black bear, bull moose, or to challenge yourself with some fast wingshooting action for maine’s grouse and woodcock, north country lodge is here for you.location, location, locationnorth country lodge is located in aroostook county of northern maine. the region comprises the largest wilderness area east of the mississippi river. we are 11 miles north of patten maine, and approximately 25 miles east of maine’s largest state park (baxter state park) and the maine woods national monument.for well over a century, aroostook county has offered the finest bear hunting, moose hunting, ruffed grouse hunting and whitetail deer hunting on the north american continent.hardwood ridges, rolling hills, swamps and bogs provide the setting for an exciting and memorable experience in the vast north maine woods.i just wanted to thank everyone at north country lodge for a great time. your lodge and services are second to none. i also want to thank my guide for all he did for us. he is a credit to his profession.bill riegleover 75% of our hunters are return clients.
don’t settle for less than the best.black bear hunting is our specialty!the maine black bear hunting package at north country lodge is fully guided. we strive to make your hunt a successful and enjoyable one. once you arrive, you leave the details to us.the black bear is a formidable trophy animal. saying otherwise would be an understatement at best. black bears have the strength of five men, the speed of a quarter horse, hearing that can pick up the click of a rifle hammer being cocked at 50 yards, and a nose more sensitive than a bomb sniffing german shepherd.whether you see one crossing the hardwood ridge or lurking in the shadows of some deep dark swamp, the hairs on the back of your neck will surely stand up, for he is an awesome creature and a challenge to hunt.full guide servicefive days of bear huntingadvance preparation of stands for your huntadvance and active bear baiting for your standfull briefing about the hunt, and about your specific standtransportation each day to and from the hunting groundsready access to your guide by cell phone if needed before pick-up timetracking and recovering of your gamedressing, skinning, measuring, boning and care of your meat and trophy hidemore bear hunting info…deluxe accommodationsat north country lodge you will enjoy the warm hospitality of our hunting lodge and the camaraderie of fellow hunters. the lodge offers all the modern conveniences, including:clean attractive roomscomfortable bedsshowerstowels and linensdaily cleaning servicewificell phone receptionwomen, couples and family groups with youth hunters all find the lodge very hospitable. single hunters can also be accommodated.great mealsour kitchen staff serves the finest quality meals – all your meals are home cooked and served in a beautiful dining room.i can’t begin to thank you for the generous hospitality at the lodge during my first bear hunt. i thoroughly enjoyed the food, the beautiful atmosphere, and the time with you and your family. i can’t say enough about the lodge and the hunting operation. it was unbelievable. i thank you for this great opportunity to get up there to hunt, and certainly felt like one of the family, and one of the team. i can’t hardly wait to book a trip up there again.bobby kramerprofessional maine guidesalong with a full staff of guides, brett and aliza gerrish have knowledge of the region and the game that resides here. brett is also a registered forester and works in this field outside of hunting season.  our guides are active all year, either preparing for your visit, or working diligently with outdoor organizations and wildlife biologists to protect the game and the privilege to hunt.we cannot thank all of your guys enough for the incredible hunt and accommodations. you guys are truly first class. we had no idea what to expect when we arrived, but you made it very easy to fall right in place.brian fleecethe goodman family   37 years ago the goodman family created north country lodge to guide hunters and outdoor enthusiasts throughout northern maine.  throughout the years it has been our pleasure to have been a part of so many hunting experiences, from seeing a ten year old youth take down his first maine black bear, watching a moose hunter pull the trigger on a trophy bull moose and guiding older hunters on their last hunt. it was never a job but a privilege to create such wonderful memories with all of our guests.      that being said it is time to past the torch to a younger couple (brett and aliza gerrish).  brett and aliza will bring north country lodge into the next generation of hunters.  they have the skills, experience and enthusiasm to provide north country lodge guests the service they are accustomed to. thank you very much for the opportunity to serve so many of you.the goodman family more bear hunt infomaine black bear huntingabout north country lodgehunting accommodationsmaine hunting seasonsbear hunting package ratesbear hunt gallery 2020bear hunt gallery 2019bear hunt gallery 2018bear hunt gallery 2017bear hunt gallery 2016bear hunting faqscontact usmap & directionscontact usnorth country lodge
p.o. box 227
patten, me 04765telephone: 207.528.2320northcountrylodgemaine@gmail.commore info






get your free information on our hunting trips and rates today!available spaces are booking quickly, contact us today to book your next hunting trip with north country lodge.name: email: telephone: bear huntsdeer huntsmoose huntsgrouse/woodcock huntsmaking a reservation - type this below:
δ join us on:facebooktwitteryoutube
                    

