



pdc, by brady | identification solutions for healthcare, hospitality & business














































 









productsbrandspdc healthcareidenticardwristbands.compromovisionbrady people idpdc inmate idpdc emeapdc healthcare emeanewsroomcareersabout pdcmilestoneswhy customers choose pdcsustainabilitycontact
achieve worry-free workflows
pdc high-quality id solutions
make your job easier, so you can
focus on patient care
keyboard_arrow_downour brands
world-class identification solutions for efficiency, safety, and compliance
pdc serves these diverse markets through a variety of channels by leveraging its combined resources of brands and experience across numerous industries to ensure superior product design, manufacturing and customer support. 
 


business, education & governmentidenticard.com | identicard.ca 




promotion & custom productspromovision.com 




retail & channel distributorsbradypeopleid.com | bradywarehouse.com 




law enforcementpdcinmateid.com 




leisure & entertainmentwristbands.com 




healthcarepdchealthcare.com | pdchealthcare.eu 




 
benefit from the expertise of a trusted leader in healthcare
0%of u.s. hospitals rely upon pdc products todaythe latest from pdc







from the pdc newsroom
april 5, 2023
press release
pdc launches securband® wristbands to provide simple visual id for events and entertainment venues
pdc, a global leader of identification solutions, announced today the launch of the securband® wristband for single-day events. developed to be the most affordable single-day-use wristband for simple and easy identification, securband® wristbands are highly-vibrant and easy to see at a distance, making them the perfect choice for controlling event access. their non-transferable strong adhesive and tamper-evident cuts prevent reuse, increasing security.
march 6, 2023
press release
vizient, inc. awards national contract to pdc for medical labels
pdc, a global leader in healthcare identification and patient safety solutions, announced today that it has been awarded a contract with vizient, inc., the nation’s leading healthcare performance improvement company. the contract, effective march 1, 2023, gives vizient members access to increased savings for the pdc medical label portfolio, which is the largest in the industry. it includes pharmacy labels, laboratory labels, chart labels, pre-printed communication labels, anesthesia labels, anesthesia tapes and more.
october 25, 2022
press release
pdc launches comfort cushion™ mammography pad to help breast health centers improve the patient experience
pdc, a global leader of innovative identification and patient safety solutions, announced today the launch of the comfort cushion™ mammography pad for use by mammography providers, including hospitals and breast and women’s health centers. the cushy pad is applied by mammography technicians to the receptor plate of the mammography machine to reduce patient discomfort during compression. while october is breast cancer awareness month, a time when the nation emphasizes the need for screening for early detection of cancer, mammography clinicians are concerned that mammography screening volumes still have not returned to pre-covid-19 levels.
january 24, 2022
press release
pdc announces a distribution agreement with cancard, inc. for the canadian market
pdc has selected cancard, inc. as a distributor to offer pdc’s complete portfolio of identification solutions for patients, people, and products in canada.
november 1, 2021
press release
pdc introduces ident-alert® iv port clips to help anesthesiologists prevent medication errors
colored clips developed by pdc and anesthesiologist, dr. christopher walters, provide a visual cue at the iv injection port
read more news“i love this company. ‘fast and efficient’ with great customer satisfaction!”
– heather eades
mary washington hospital
“i’ve been working with identicard for 12 years and i would never consider changing. our patients and staff rely on us for security, and we rely on identicard.”
– security manager at a major massachusetts hospital
“the guests love the quality and color variety of the wristbands, especially the kids. kids love collecting the different color wristbands, to show off their fun memories with family and friends.”
– ed hodgdon
funtown splashtown usa




about pdc | about brady  | careers | investors  | newsroom  | contact us  |  cookie policy  |  do not share/sell my personal information
25124 springfield court
suite 200
valencia, ca 91355
usa
contact us
phone661-257-0233
mailinfo@pdcorp.com
visit our brands

pdc healthcare
identicard
wristbands.com
promovision
brady people id
pdc inmate id
pdc emea
pdc healthcare emea

terms & conditions | privacy policy

©  precision dynamics corporation (pdc). all rights reserved.


 menu




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. please see our privacy policy page.cookie settingsaccept reject allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary". 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional". 






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance". 






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics". 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionviewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other. 












save & accept



























