     ford dealer in mineral wells, tx | used cars mineral wells | jack powell ford                               



                                            jack powell ford        sales 940-654-2714    service 940-654-2716  parts 940-654-2712      1418 se 1st st.mineral wells, tx 76067                      service        map        contact                       jack powell ford            call 940-654-2714   directions                  home   new   search inventory   5.0 mustang for sale   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   custom order   ford bronco reservations    ford explorer   ford f250 for sale   ford protect   model showroom   quick quote   sell us your vehicle     custom order   pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   ford pre-owned vehicles   ford certified pre-owned program   carfax 1 owner   quick quote   sell us your vehicle   certified pre-owned   certified pre-owned overview   used ford f250s     certified   schedule service   certified pre-owned   ford pickup & delivery   fordpass     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   fordpass app   tires     service & parts   schedule appointment   service department   brake service advice   tire care advice   oil change advice   general maintenance advice   battery service advice   tips on improving gas mileage   parts center   order parts   explore the mykey® feature   ford indicator lights     finance   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   military appreciation   college graduate program   first responder appreciation program   advantages of leasing   what to bring with you to get a new car   ford first time buyer program   value your trade   we buy cars, trucks & suv's     about   our dealership   careers   we support warriors in pink   read our reviews   our blog     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   5.0 mustang for sale   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   custom order   ford bronco reservations    ford explorer   ford f250 for sale   ford protect   model showroom   quick quote   sell us your vehicle     custom order   pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   ford pre-owned vehicles   ford certified pre-owned program   carfax 1 owner   quick quote   sell us your vehicle   certified pre-owned   certified pre-owned overview   used ford f250s     certified   schedule service   certified pre-owned   ford pickup & delivery   fordpass     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   fordpass app   tires     service & parts   schedule appointment   service department   brake service advice   tire care advice   oil change advice   general maintenance advice   battery service advice   tips on improving gas mileage   parts center   order parts   explore the mykey® feature   ford indicator lights     finance   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   military appreciation   college graduate program   first responder appreciation program   advantages of leasing   what to bring with you to get a new car   ford first time buyer program   value your trade   we buy cars, trucks & suv's     about   our dealership   careers   we support warriors in pink   read our reviews   our blog     contact   dealer information   hours & directions           





    
                                                                     disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                   





   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       




















schedule service
go 







get financing
go 







current offers
go 







trade appraisal
go 






      search new inventory     search used inventory        


certified vehicles


shop certified


     

ultimate ford service center
ultimate ford service center
regular vehicle maintenance, oil changes, and brake service.
when it's time for vehicle maintenance or repair, visit the ford certified service expert technicians to handle all of your vehicle needs. nobody knows your vehicle better than these trained professionals. from oil changes to engine replacements, it's easy to let the certified service experts take care of everything. we proudly serve the city of mineral wells, palo pinto, millsap, weatherford, brock, graford, santo, perrin, fort worth, dallas, and surrounding cities.
schedule service


     


pre-owned vehicles


shop pre-owned



    a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   




start your custom order here!

      

see what our customers are saying


read our reviews




see what our customers are saying


read our reviews

                                                                             disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                        

welcome to jack powell ford in mineral wells, tx
jack powell ford is serving drivers in palo pinto county, parker county, tarrant county, and surrounding counties. including cities such as mineral wells, weatherford, hudson oaks, palo pinto, millsap, brock, graford, santo, perrin, fort worth, dallas, and surrounding cities. learn more about the great services offered at our new ford dealer & used car dealership in mineral wells, tx.
learn more



sales hours     monday 8:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 6:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:30pm    sunday closed    









          

ford dealership in mineral wells, tx
if you're in need of a transportation upgrade and live in mineral wells, there is no better dealership to visit than jack powell ford. we have been a family-owned and -operated dealer for over four decades, and we truly care about helping our customers find a car, truck, or suv that meets their needs. whether you want a new or used car, and regardless of the size of your budget, we can put you on the road in a high-quality automobile.


top-notch customer service
as a family-owned and -operated dealer, we understand that families need and deserve reliable transportation. when you visit us to shop for your next automobile, we'll work tirelessly to make sure that you can find the vehicle that's right for you, not for us. our staff is friendly, professional, and enthusiastic about making sure that your time with us is easy and enjoyable.
on top of serving our customers, we also believe in supporting our community in whatever way we can. over the years, we have proudly worked with a variety of area charities, including ford warriors in pink.


shopping for your car
in addition to delivering first-class service, we make car buying easy by offering one of the most outstanding selections of new and used models you'll find anywhere in the lone star state. we are your best resource for rugged, reliable ford trucks, including the popular f-150 and every model of super duty truck. our inventory also features an array of new ford suvs, including the latest escape, edge, and explorer models.
for our budget shoppers, we offer used cars, trucks, and suvs that provide the perfect mixture of reliability and affordability. all of our models are listed right here on our website, which means you can pick out your car without ever setting foot on our lot. of course, if you have any questions about our inventory, you can stop by our lot to get assistance from one of our knowledgeable sales representatives, and when you're ready to complete your purchase, our financing professionals can help with your loan.


service for your vehicle
even dependable vehicles such as fords require routine maintenance to stay running like new, and with help from our service staff, you'll have no trouble keeping your car on the road for as long as you need. our technicians are automotive service excellence certified, which means when you schedule an appointment with us, your car will be in the most skilled hands possible.
our service team knows how to treat your ford the right way and can help you with engine tune-ups, oil changes, and everything in between. with our help, your ford should always run like the day you drove it off our lot for the first time.


let us serve you
if you live in mineral wells and are ready to purchase your next car, the team at jack powell ford is ready to help you. we have been the area's leading family-owned dealer for over 43 years, and we would be thrilled to help you find a new or used car that you'll have a lot of fun driving.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.


although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. trade in assistance* eligible vehicles only: trade in must be a 2014 model or newer and under 100,000 miles.



             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures jack powell ford | 1418 se 1st st., mineral wells, tx 76067 | sales: 940-654-2714 |                
















                