



doctor who collectors web site












 





welcome to the place to be if you collect anything in 
        the world of doctor who


















 we would like to welcome all past and future members/guests to richardwho.co.uk - richard is currently retiring and we wish him the best of luck in his retirement.

it is home to a new domain name richardwho.co.uk instead of the previous ".com"
whether your passion is for original 
          props, costumes, artwork, magazines, books, merchandise or the latest 
          audio, dvd and video releases you will find others here that share your 
          interests. collectors from all over the world have donated hundreds 
          of rare and never before seen photos of their most cherished items.

          in the collectors listings you find profiles of other dr who collectors 
          describing a bit about whom they are with some great pictures of their 
          collections. you can also explore the research documents to identify 
          and authenticate that potential purchase.

          the exhibitions section contains pictures of the great dr who exhibits 
          spanning as far back as 1977. in the convention section you will find 
          the shared memories of past fan gatherings and in the behind the scenes 
          section there are photos you will see nowhere else. 
 
 
 





 
                      get your richardwho exclusive dr who standees







richardwho 2003 uk road trip. tons 
                      of fun and lots of things to see a story you don't want 
                      to miss





see all articles 









colin howard prints and original 
        art for sale 









 


collector updates



connor in bedford - joined the collector listing.



chris balcombe - new photos added from 2023 and 2024



alex in london - added some new screen used items from the classic series!



james sutton - joined the collector listing.



samuel in london - joined the collector listing.



paul cowan - joined the collector listing.



john in berkshire - joined the collector listing.



shayla grindle - joined the collector listing.



shelby miller - joined the collector listing.



edu in granollers - joined the collector listing.




website updates



tony stuchbury donated photos of the mosi manchester dr who exhibition.



andy davenport donated photos of the dorking museum dr who exhibition.



andrew skilleter released new dalek portfolio.



clem urban donated photos of his visit to the usa dr who celebration and tour in 1987.



you can now select the type of collector you would like to see on the collector listing page.



lisa higgins donated photos of national waterfront museum swansea exhibition.



lisa higgins donated photos of regenerations 2006

































 


 powered by freefind 






shelby miller









www.richardwho.com 
                          screen saver


 matt parish 
                            has assembled a wonderfully clever dr who themed treat 
                            for the eyes with the web site team colors and photos.
download it here 
                            


 


 








 






  


 

 colin howard art 
              for sale


 jeff cummins art 
              for sale


 andrew 
              skilleter art for sale


 the dapol project


 dvd, vhs and books 
              for sale


 unknown props 
              have been uncovered


 richardwho celebrates 
              fifth anniversary


 articles and information


 





















richardwho poll





are you collecting the new series toys?


	yes

	no








view results





























number of times this page has been viewed -  
22303
total pages viewed on this site - 28935
radio 
  2 | ldn 
  94.9 | leeds 
  92.4






