






bcapros | commercial brokerage services in inland empire and la






































1-626-755-3223
jim@bcapros.com
 

 
 
 










home
about us
1031 exchange
faqs
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 












welcome to bona corso & associates, a leader in residential and commercial real estate services in southern california and throughout the usa. whether you are interested in the purchase or sale of residential or commercial property, we are here to assist you.
 
contact us

 





 
 
 
 
 



service. integrity. dependability. the cornerstone of our success!
 
welcome to bona corso & associates, a leader in residential and commercial real estate services in southern california and throughout the usa. whether you are interested in the purchase or sale of residential or commercial property, we are here to assist you.

 
commercial property types: multi-family apartments, retail, office, and industrial.
residential property types: single family residences, condominiums, and townhomes.
 


 



services & expertise
 
 

buying and selling real estate
commercial property consultation
1031 exchange services
commercial real estate referrals
commercial property representation
broker price opinion (bpo)
residential real estate services

 
 
 

 





 



 
 




 



 
 
 






 

your investment partner
 
our number one goal is to help our clients grow capital through residential commercial real estate investments.
 
 
today’s fast paced business environment requires up to date technology and data to stay competitive. our tools are here to help clients grow. we have the highest level of research, expertise and insight. capitalize on our resources today!
 
contact us

 
 
 



our affiliations
 
 
 




 
 
 



testimonials
 





"we have know the family for decades and really know what kind of people they are. very happy they were looking out for us. – pauline fiorello
 

 
 




"glad to have done business with mr. bonaccorso. down to earth businessman with solid advice. this was instrumental in dealing with our large family and the estate. – the carillo estate
 

 
 




"jim has been a customer of mine for along time and he has always been available for our real estate needs. he thinks like me and that’s why i relate to him.– j. yerevanian
 

 
 




"we were referred to jim by our financial advisor. he handled the disposition of one of our real estate holding in quick, skilled manner. we will use him again with hesitation. – the chong family trust
 

 
 




"one of commercial clients relocated to southern california and needed to set up business very quickly. i happened to get into contact with bona corso & associates who was able to handle my client’s needs within a matter of a few days! both my client and i are grateful for their fast response. – george fox  (broker sun river realty)
 

 
 




"mr. jim bonaccorso manages a few of our real estate holdings around the country. he treats our properties as if they were his own. i do not worry at night knowing the properties are in good hands.
– nelson lathem (real estate development director, hale street corporation)
 

 
 




"mr. jim bonaccorso manages a few of our real estate holdings around the country. he treats our properties as if they were his own. i do not worry at night knowing the properties are in good hands.
– nelson lathem (real estate development director, hale street corporation)
 

 
 




"bona corso & associates was instrumental in assisting us in the leasing of our multi-tenant retail space in pasadena, ca. we look forward to working with them in the future.
william c. divine – president, microstamp corporation
 

 
 




"bcapros currently manages one of my retail properties out of state and is doing so in a very effective and efficient way. i look forward to doing more business with them in the future. i would recommend them without any hesitation for their quality management services.
philip t. attala – senior vp, naicapital commercial
 

 
 




"i known jim for years and when the time came to sell my property, jim got the call. he handled my property with care and precision.
mike hennessy, esq
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



lets get started
 
if you’re in need for a qualified, experienced, and proven residential commercial broker, you’ve come to the right place. contact us with your needs today and we’ll get back to you within a few hours.
 
 






name


email address


message




submit



 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 







 

navigation
 
home
 
about us
 
listings
 
1031 exchange
 
contact us
 
faqs
 
disclaimer
 
 

contact us
 

600 n. rosemead blvd. ste 225 pasadena, ca 91107
jim@bcapros.com
cell: 626-755-3223 office 626.795.3755 fax 626.795.5198

bre # 01348543
 
 

info
 
we are a full service real estate company providing brokerage, development, leasing, and consultation services. james l. bonaccorso, broker.
 
 
 


copyright bcapros 2020 all rights reserved
 
website design by temple’s web studio
 
 
 
  

 

 






