




 am stereo 















    
  am stereo renaissance  
  welcome to the source for prime quality new tuners and decoders  



   stations   


   radios   


   add-on decoders   


   reviews   


   links   


   profile   


   airchecks   


   in memoriam   









  news bulletin  
   for immediate release    
 announcing the death of ugly am radio sound! 
  welcome to the world of am high fidelity and meduci wideband am stereo quality sound, day and night.   the future of radio is now.   better reception.   better sound.   at meduci, we are very passionate about good quality sound. meduci has am stereo tuners and decoders for sale.  
  many radio manufacturers are leading you, the consumer, to believe that am radio sounds literally abysmal!   radio manufacturers have, by cutting corners and costs, tossed aside a medium that can sound as good as fm radio broadcasting, and reach a much larger coverage listening area.   in many communities, an am station is the only local and live media!   it deeply angers meduci that public perception of what am "sounds" like is absolute garbage, when in actuality- its sound potential goes far beyond what most people have ever heard!   we hope that when you hear a good am stereo station proudly speaking about their "sound" that you realize it is your current radio product that limits the quality of what you hear, not the am medium wave band itself!  
 america's economy is driven by purchases, and purchase price is certainly a determining factor.   however, that does not mean that saving a few pennies here, or a dollar per unit there, to improve the quality of am sound in radios, would break the manufacturer, or the consumer.   this explains why we did not cut corners when designing and manufacturing our very own am stereo products.  
 we have adopted motorola's c-quam®™ analog stereo am technology, and are proud to offer the latest integrated circuit decoder technology available for c-quam™ stereo tuners, to provide optimum and accurate am stereo performance.    we re-launched am stereo in october 2005, and we gave c-quam™ a second chance in the marketplace by introducing four new am stereo products since then.    these am stereo products cannot be purchased anywhere else.    customers are very satisfied with their meduci tuners.    satisfaction is so high that seldom are any used meduci tuners sold at ebay and other online auction sites.    each meduci product is also backed with one-year warranty against defects in material and workmanship.    we use original mccoy motorola ic chips and other prime components in every meduci am stereo product.  
 there are many am medium-wave stations broadcasting wideband full fidelity sound in different parts of the world.    when received using an appropriate wide band high fidelity am stereo receiver or tuner under good conditions in the reception environment, using a good external indoor tunable loop antenna, the recovered noise-free high definition sound is virtually indistinguishable from many high quality fm stereo broadcasts!    hearing is believing!    sample one of our high definition am stereo products, and judge the enhanced audio fidelity for yourself. 

  meduci mw-2a pll tuner !!!   


 
  
  new meduci mw-2a pll  (((( s-t-e-r-e-o )))) tuner !! 
 new custom mw-2a pll medium wave am broadcast band home consumer electronic tuner is available, which has phase-locked loop electronic digital tuning system, hand-made craftsmanship, and a very special am stereo section!   this solid state audiophile component tuner is quite unlike anything else: it is wide band, and has a motorola c-quam stereo decoder, showcasing natural sounding high fidelity, with very low audio distortion!   our goal was not to build a low fidelity am tuner for this offering.   this new tuner also does not share its chassis with any fm tuner components.   it is exclusively the am tuner! 
 audition one of our tuners, and you will be astounded: the am section of this meduci even sounds better than am hd radio in their hybrid analog/digital (ma1) operation mode.   because it has none of the digital data audio compression artifacts that make hd radio sound swimmy, wishy-washy, and artificial in the ma1 service mode.  
 in all honesty, virtually all consumer am tuners available today, or produced in the past, sound like you are listening through a paper-towel roller, because these inferior sounding tuners roll-off the high and low audio frequencies.    this meduci mw-2a pll tuner does not eliminate those audio frequency extremes.  
 instead of cluttering the front panel with seldom-used buttons and features (such as with some tuners from other sources), this meduci mw-2a pll tuner concentrates on the essentials, with additional new standard features that increase its curbside appeal: 
  wide \ narrow bandwidth selection -- this standard feature allows you to narrow the tuner's i.f bandwidth for night-time conditions or for "dx-ing" weaker stations.    being stuck with one extra-narrow or extra-wide audio bandwidth is not all that practical for the different reception conditions that we encounter on the am band from day-to-night -- this dual bandwidth feature provides your mw-2a pll tuner with much more versatile operation.   even listening to a selection at the narrow bandwidth, the recovered audio is far superior to most other consumer am tuners available on the market today.  
  nrsc audio de-emphasis selection -- another appreciated standard feature on your new mw-2a pll tuner is the nrsc front-panel audio de-emphasis curve defeat switch, that improves the overall frequency response from am broadcast stations transmitting with the nrsc pre-emphasis audio curve.   very few other am tuners ever incorporated this switchable nrsc de-emphasis feature.   nrsc pre-emphasis curve is voluntary in u.s.a, so there is not an easy way to know if the am medium wave station makes use of it, or not.   if the am station sounds strident in wideband mode, then likely the nrsc curve is being used at that station.   next station on the dial may not be using it, though.   for that reason, we leave the nrsc feature switchable, and easy to defeat.   this restores the proper audio frequency response, and decreases audio noise up to 10db at the higher frequencies.    this new feature will not remove local interference from a device in your house or neighborhood.  
  auto stereo \ forced mono selection -- there may be rare instances when a received mono am station may false trigger the c-quam stereo decoder circuitry into action.    in this case, you would want the forced mono selection to be enabled.  
  twin-t audio notch filters -- two high-q sharp rc filters are always engaged to eliminate annoying inter-carrier "whistle" sounds.   these sounds would be produced from co-channel and/or adjacent medium wave stations "beating" and creating the new notes during crowded night-time listening periods.  
  bright red large  am stereo indicator -- provides solid confirmation that you are listening to c-quam stereo broadcasts (where available).    this am stereo indicator is not present on any other new receiver offered today, however you can find it on the front panel of your new mw-2a pll tuner!  
  received signal strength indicator bar graph meter -- this (added option "ssm") integrated feature visible on front panel provides positive confirmation that your very own am external indoor tunable loop antenna is centered and locked onto your favorite am station's signal!   simply rotate the tuning knob on your attached loop antenna for the greatest number of green lit bar segments on your mw-2a pll tuner!    this indicator is integrated into the rather large, bright, high contrast 24-segment green digital numeric frequency display (14.2mm, 0.56" height) on the right side. 
 this new mw-2a pll tuner has rock solid, precise, and stable operation -- with user interface directly under custom microprocessor control -- and this tuner even makes mono am stations sound better. 
 all stations received on your mw-2a pll tuner are drift-free, thanks to the motorola digital phase locked loop synthesizer circuit, that provides precise electronic tuning (automatically, of course).    this evolutionary feature eliminates all microphonics, unstable operation, and tuning drift, thanks to a highly stable quartz crystal oscillator timebase.    your mw-2a pll tuner does not require any "safe cracker's" touch to selecting desired stations.   also, the tuning range is not sharply condensed, which is typically encountered from all manually-tuned radios, in the upper end of the broadcast band.    tapping on the tuning knob, or moving your mw-2a pll tuner, will also not upset the rock solid frequency lock on am stereo and am monaural stations.  
 either 9khz or 10khz continuous electronic station tuning steps are included in this phase stable design, set at the time of production manufacture, based upon tuner's shipping destination during order placement.   this is intuitive simplicity for manually rotating the tuning knob to your desired am medium wave station's frequency.   this tuning mechanism does not have any mechanical tuning stops, so you can tune directly, instantly, and simply from the band edges (say from 530khz to 1710khz), or anywhere in-between these band edges on the station dial. 
  we also made several cosmetic improvements to the overall external appearance!    these improvements include aesthetically pleasing black exterior, with nice contrasting white lettering on front and rear black aluminum panels.    all is housed in new attractive black plastic cabinet, which measures seven inches long by six inches wide by two inches height (179.5mm long by 154mm wide by 51mm height). 
 this professional quality mw-2a pll tuner is our most advanced tuner offered to date -- updated and re-packaged to build upon the renowned strengths of our two previous consumer am stereo tuner models.    most importantly- this new mw-2a pll tuner has superb ultra high-frequency recovered audio frequency response, that is not found on any other consumer am tuner nor receiver being sold new today.   excellent sound, ease of use, and convenient features are all wrapped up in this mw-2a pll wallet-friendly tuner, ready for a devoted audiophile's tuner collection!   your mw-2a pll tuner is designed for high fidelity reception from local and regional am stations.   with this tuner's dramatically increased audio bandwidth-- undoubtedly, you will hear other sounds that typical common garden variety tuners and receivers simply will not reproduce.   in the process of increasing the audio fidelity-- for better listening enjoyment-- any high frequency noise in your reception environment will also be increased.   we cannot promise a noise-free listening experience, since every reception environment is different.   it is best to get the receiving antenna away from any man-made noise sources for best c-quam stereo reception.    both the nrsc and i.f bandwidth front panel switches will also reduce these recovered higher frequency audio noises, when pushed to their "downward" positions. 
 we strive to earn customers for life.    we only want good experiences from our products throughout the world, so we stand behind each and every sale.    we support and service our products, if needed.    please let us know if you any questions, or suggestions for this new and improved, re-designed tuner. 
 new meduci mw-2a pll tuner is currently available for sale to am stereo fans.   we provide one small linear (non-switching) mode type power supply with each sale, capable of stepping down your local a.c household utility power to +12-volts d.c, tip positive.    this power supply is ultra quiet, and does not create any new noise nor interference during use.   you could also power your tuner from an external +12-volt d.c battery source, or +12-volt uninterruptible power supply source. 
 this tuner is in new condition, hand-made to order, and is directly sold from the manufacturer.    assembled in the united states of america from u.s and globally-sourced components, parts, and other small pieces.    it will take a few business days for your paypal payment to clear.   up to an additional 21 calendar days will be needed for the mw-2a pll manufacturing process to be completed, then your order will ship. 
 each mw-2a pll tuner is packed with the features, quality, and price that makes it the leader among all am stereo tuners available today, as the winner in fit, function, and performance. 
   for mw-2a pll owner's manual, please click on this link.  
 for an objective customer review of the meduci mw-2a pll tuner (from the signal- arkansas' largest amateur radio club), please click on this link. 
 for other reviews, please click on this link. 
  





 mw-2a pll tuner received in wellington, new zealand:  
  
 this little guy arrived in wellington, new zealand on 09/20/22.  


  history of am stereo  


 analog am stereo technology has claimed its roots almost since the beginning of conventional monaural am broadcasting within the united states.    later, four different competing am stereo systems were placed on the air in the early 1980's, including systems from motorola (c-quam™), magnavox (pmx), kahn-hazeltine (isb), and harris broadcast (variable angle compatible phase multiplex, or v-cpm).    eventually in 1993, motorola's c-quam technology achieved the exclusive standard for am stereo broadcasting within the u.s.a.  during this time period, australia, japan, and other countries were also exclusively using the motorola c-quam system, making c-quam the essential de facto world standard for am stereo broadcasting technology. 
 
 all of the am stereo systems share in common the addition of a stereo exciter to the existing monaural am transmitter.    this exciter typically has two outputs: the monaural l+r audio, which is time delayed and fed to the transmitter's normal audio input; the second output is the r.f carrier, which replaces the signal from the transmitter's normal quartz crystal oscillator stage.    this signal also contains the necessary time delayed and phase modulated (quadrature) information.    because these stereo exciters are retrofitted onto transmitters which were never designed for am stereo operation, they also must contain corrective equalizers and adjustable delay networks, to insure that all of the relationships are correct through the transmitter modulator, power amplifier, and atu/antenna system.    decoded stereo separation suffers if the timing and phase relationships are not correct at the receiver. 
 motorola's c-quam system is covered in several u.s. patents written by the late frank h. hilbert and the late norman w. parker of illinois.  norman parker invented the c-quam system, per written correspondence from his wife, margaret parker.    margaret also wrote all of the patents.    patent number 4,218,586 was applicable to the basic system.    several other patents included 4,406,922 and 4,192,968.    delco electronics corporation (now known as delphi) later introduced many adaptations and new c-quam inventions, covered under various additional u.s patents. 


  about us  


 meduci, llc is a highly entrepreneurial, creative, and innovative research and development organization that specializes in custom free-lance engineering, research, electronic design, development, and production of electronic products, from conceptual ideas through to finalized products, in prototype quantities, up to large scale manufacturing.    we also design low frequency (class a, class ab, class d) audio power amplifiers, class c power r.f amplifiers, and r.f front-end (amplifier, mixer, oscillator), using national semiconductor, motorola, and other custom asic chipsets and discrete components.    we strive for quality and excellence in workmanship.    our products are designed for faithful sonic reproduction of the on-air source material.    for customers with specific requirements, you could always count on us to produce innovative solutions in a time effective and cost efficient manner.    our customers are benefited by better pricing, quality warranty, and excellent technical support.    contact us for a free quotation -- we appreciate your business.    our goal is to meet the needs of our buyers, distributors and dealers, and we can work on an ad hoc basis. 
  please inquire for further details, and do not forget to mention "am stereo" (without quotes) in the subject line to bypass our internal junk spam mail filters.    write to  amstereo'at'meduci.com  (replace 'at' with the @ sign). 
 
 or simply scan qr code using your smart phone or mobile device qr scanner to send an e-mail to meduci:   
   

 coronavirus disease (covid-19) update !!  
   13 march 2020  
   dear valued customer, 
   meduci, llc is diligently working to manage through this worldwide, daily evolving novel coronavirus (covid-19) emergency pandemic crisis situation that we all currently endure.    pursuant to guidelines issued by the u.s cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency (cisa), and u.s department of homeland security (dhs), meduci, llc is part of the essential critical sector infrastructure, and is required to remain open for business as an essential service, to continue to receive raw components and supplies, to manufacture electronics products, and to ship these products to the end user sector. 
   we continue to ship globally, with our highest priority being our internal and external customers.   we do not ship ups red next day service, nor any other expedited delivery service at this time.   shipping guarantees are not being made from the carriers.   refunds are also not being granted from these shipping carriers for delivery delays, and missed shipping commitments.    there is a huge increase in volume, as more people are shopping online, due to covid-19 restrictions.   unfortunately, this means that your parcel delivery will be delayed.   for domestic shipments prior to 03/12/20, it would take a few days to one week for delivery.   these domestic deliveries are now taking weeks to complete.   for international shipments from usa, previously it would take weeks for delivery.    these deliveries are now taking months to complete.   this is being caused by limited domestic and international airline flights, significantly reduced airline capacity on those flights, local route restrictions, delivery controls, flight disruptions, flight cancellations, government restrictions, border closures, and increased safe distancing requirements.   delivery companies are now operating with split shifts, ensuring clean disinfected work areas and stations between shifts.   rest assured, that we are doing everything we can do to minimize order processing and delivery delays.    we will provide updates as they arrive, and we will continue to monitor the ongoing situation.  
  notice of force majeure-- meduci, llc is fully operational to help with your end user product needs as an essential manufacturer, despite some of these recent world struggles.    we will inform you via e-mail the current status for your submitted orders to meduci, llc.    we will also provide shipment tracking numbers when orders ship from our facility.   some international delivery services are no longer available, due to covid-19 response.   thank you for your patience during this difficult time.  
   we are keeping meduci, llc members safe from the virus, with every possible preventative and protective measure put into place.   out of an abundance of caution, and in adherence with guidance provided by local authorities, we have created policies to slow the virus spread internally within our organization.   we have limited travel, canceled meetings, restricted outside visitors, encouraged sick people to stay away, and have enhanced our cleaning and disinfection procedures in order to maintain a safe working environment.   essential operational fulfillment and production support areas of the business continue under greatly enhanced procedures for sanitation, social spacing, and six-feet (1.828 meter) safe distance. 
   30 may 2021  
  we are experiencing challenges in procuring raw materials, due to the current worldwide semiconductor device shortage, and other pandemic-related challenges, that have slowed the supply of products in many industries, including the electronics field.   we apologize for this delay, and are working with our suppliers to replenish stock and to fill backorders.   where devices were available, we were shocked to observe more than 70,000 pieces of one item were purchased literally "almost overnight."   this through-hole device is now on backorder, facing order lead time well into early 2023 from this one semiconductor device manufacturer.   when it recently became time to re-order components again for the meduci mw-2a pll tuner, the same trouble existed locating certain parts.   half of the parts are still out of stock, some with a lead time up to 52 weeks.   short supplies and delivery delays are causing the costs to rise for remaining available components, at more than double the previous prices.   suppliers are passing these costs on to their customers, including significant section 301 import tariffs, their increasing transportation costs, and their other costs to each purchase.   we held off raising our prices as long as possible; however, we wish to communicate at this time that our business is being impacted by these increasing operating, shipping, storage, and other costs.   we will continue to do our best to offer the mw-2a pll tuner and am_st decoder, to try to avoid the inevitable "last call" lifetime buy for these two products.   we recommend that you do not delay any purchasing decisions, and allow additional time to receive your am stereo tuner.   thank you. 
  these tight operating challenges had directly affected our am_st decoder sales on ebay in 2021.   meduci made a business decision not to renew the ebay auctioning for am_st decoders in may 2021, as it became cost prohibitive to maintain that listing every month.   we indeed chose to keep the $28.00 price point for each sale since the very beginning of ebay offering, with $25.00 best offer price, despite raw materials prices, and other costs, to increase year-over-year prior to the global pandemic.   ebay also raised their rates many times, as well, during this long time period, and nearly 30-percent of gross sales proceeds were going to ebay listing fees, sales commission fees, state sales tax, credit card fees, prepaid shipping costs, and other up-front expenses- from  each  am_st decoder sale.   ebay sales, exposure, promotion, and visibility were also decreasing every month.   as am_st decoder sales resumed again on ebay for the holiday season, these increasing costs unfortunately had to be passed on to each new purchaser.   we also continue to sell the am_st decoder via buy now paypal direct purchase availability (link is above).  we never receive your credit card numbers, expiration dates, nor any other personal financial information.  we also maintain your privacy, by not selling address lists and your other personal information.   we also do not use tracking cookies or other devices on any of our web pages to harvest your web site browsing history, and other personal information. 
   25 august 2021  
  all international shipping service was temporarily suspended on 25 august, 2021 due to impacts related to the covid-19 worldwide pandemic, airline travel restrictions, airline flight cancellations, and other unrelated service disruptions.   this was an unfortunate circumstance.   thank you for your understanding.  
   13 february 2022  
  all international shipping services were restored, and we do see light at the end of this proverbial pandemic tunnel.  
   31 march 2022  
  ebay auction was ended for am_st decoder, due to unscrupulous activity from one ebay purchaser.   we will not get into this specific case that the purchaser filed with ebay.   it is very evident reading ebay policies, that they will first side with the purchaser, rather than the seller of goods, whenever purchaser files dispute on ebay.   ebay also holds all funds from seller, whenever a new case is filed by purchaser.   guilty, until proven innocent, which can take weeks or months to settle with them.   example: if the tracking delivered message does not exist, you are to refund the purchase price, regardless if package was delayed due to weather conditions, or delivered to the wrong address by the shipping company's own mistake, or for any other reasons beyond your control.   this is a bonus for the purchaser, as they get to keep the item when it finally gets delivered after delay, and it does not cost them one cent.   high commission and other fees (amounts to upwards of thirty percent gross on each sale), and the lack of positive ebay feedback from purchasers, also contributes to an unfavorable selling experience.   this combination does not make it worthwhile to continue selling these small decoder modules, using ebay, at this time.  
   17 july 2022  
  hello again, from meduci, llc.  another run of our new meduci mw-2a pll tuner will be available again in august 2022.   we are procuring the through-hole components, and other raw materials, that make it happen to assemble, test, and to ship the new c-quam stereo radio tuners.   a smaller run of the tuners sold out on the first day in december 2020.   since then, the covid-19 worldwide pandemic has contributed to an impact on the semiconductor parts shortage, as well as to very steep increased prices (some parts are currently ten times the price- if they are even available- compared to 2019 prices for these same identical parts).   other semiconductor parts that we use will not be available again until mid-2023 !!   and we have noted increased prices for all other parts used in our tuner, running at least twice the prices, as compared to 2019.   another one of meduci's suppliers went out of business in june 2022.    and it only takes one unavailable component, without an available substitute part, to halt production on our tuners.   we can certainly send you a paypal invoice for one mw-2a pll tuner, with added option "ssm" - ($300.00 usd postpaid and insured to domestic u.s.a destination). 
   11 september 2022  
 production has started again on the new meduci mw-2a pll am radio tuner offering.   each custom tuner is in new condition, hand-made, assembled to order.   it will take a few business days for your paypal payment to clear.   up to an additional 21 calendar days will be needed for the mw-2a pll manufacturing process to be completed, then your order will ship.   we continue to add new options and features to this radio tuner model, despite challenges with the global supply chain, and other factors.   and paypal is currently providing a better checkout experience --   buy now.   pay later.   one payment down, three more to go.   split your new meduci mw-2a pll tuner purchase into four interest-free, bi-weekly payments, without the hassle of late fees from paypal.   pay in four:   pay at a pace that works for you.   we never receive your credit card numbers, expiration dates, nor any other personal financial information.   and we never sell your purchase details (your name, shipping address, item description, etc).   we do not even have tracking cookies on this web site!   this is how we maintain your privacy.  
   25 june 2023  
   very exciting news: we have acquired all of the necessary integrated circuit "chips" and other critical component parts, to continue with processing orders for the foreseeable future for new meduci mw-2a pll am radio tuners, and for new meduci am_st decoder card module boards.   ordering details are on this page. 
   15 december 2024  
  all international shipping service was temporarily suspended on 10 april, 2022 due to impacts related to the covid-19 worldwide pandemic, airline travel restrictions, airline flight cancellations, and other unrelated service disruptions.   this was another unfortunate circumstance, just when we felt that this world was turning around.   many of these shipping restrictons in 2022 were eventually lifted in 2023.    however, some shipping restrictions are still in place.   thank you for your understanding.  
   16 february 2025  
  all international shipping to canada was resumed, as the country's postal strike ended, and the package backlog cleared in january 2025.    however, some shipping restrictions are still in place.   this is only a partial listing of affected countries: 
  
  thank you for your continued support and interest in our products.   stay healthy and safe during these adventurous times.   we will all prevail to get through this difficult time period together.  
   

go to:  revitalize the am broadcast band
go to:  am stereo stations that continue to carry the torch
go to: airchecks
go to- in memoriam
go to- official am stereo stations list
go to- meduci product reviews
go to- am stereo links

 this web page was updated on sunday, february 16, 2025. 
 webmaster: jeff deck  
 information listed herein is subject to change without notice.  all rights and trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.     
© 2019 meduci llc.    all rights reserved.


free online counter





