



retired senior volunteer program / volunteer intergeneration center



































loading...
















home

about

mission
advisory council
stats


opportunities
events
contact

login
















retired senior volunteer program
volunteer intergeneration center







lend a hand
volunteer today!
sign up














rsvp/vic news
we are here to not only serve our community, but to serve you. check out our latest news and jump into volunteering.
                    





volunteer enrollment form
you can find our volunteer form here






national service in missouri - january 2023
meeting needs in missourilast year more than 5,800 americans of all ages and backgrounds united to meet local needs, strengthen communities, and expand opportunity through national service in missouri. americorps invested more than $21.5 million in federal funding to support cost-effective community solutions, working hand in hand with local partners to empower individuals to help communities tackle their toughest challenges.americorps members and americorps seniors volunteers are preparing today’s students for tomorrow’s jobs, helping communities and families impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, connecting veterans to services, fighting the opioid epidemic, helping seniors live independently, rebuilding communities after disasters, and leading conservation and climate change efforts.americorps members and americorps seniors volunteers served at more than 500 locations across missouri, including schools, food banks, homeless shelters, health clinics, youth centers, veterans facilities, and other nonprofit and faith-based organizations. through a unique public-private partnership, americorps and its partners generated more than $7.3 million in outside resources from businesses, foundations, public agencies, and other sources in missouri last year. this local support strengthened community impact and increased the return on taxpayer dollars.






new website
vicrsvp.org gets a face lift. our new website brings a fresh look into our organization in hopes to make your experience more pleasant. 














rsvp/vic about







our vision
to act as a mechanism in supporting a strong infrastructure that meets critical social needs by connecting people who want to help with those who need it and by building community partnerships between rsvp/vic and community service organizations whose joint efforts benefit the communities in cape girardeau and scott counties.







our mision
helping people help people!



the retired senior volunteer program/volunteer intergenerational center is a community-based project. as such, there must be a real sense of local ownership and a spirit of partnership among the community, and its partner organizations. 
                            



52
years of serving southeast missouri




 community success
 community outreach
 helping hand
 unsung hero





























296
+

rsvp volunteers








74
+

vic volunteers








30
+

agencies








59179
+

total hours








$
813711.25
+

estimatated value










rsvp/vic services
we have been providing volunteer services in both scott and cape girardeau counties since 1973.
                    







retired senior volunteer program
rsvp involves those individuals 55 and over in volunteer service by matching their personal interests and making use of their lifelong skills and experiences - a valuable asset and resource that is utilized in our communities.







volunteer intergenerational center
recruits volunteers of all ages to strengthen our communities by mobilizing volunteer action and accelerating nonprofit success. this center connects individuals, nonprofits, and businesses with opportunities and resources needed to support local communities.







semo campus
volunteering on campus and with college groups is a great way to meet new people and give something back, not to mention a worthwhile addition to your college education. if you have not yet decided on your major, volunteering in the community is a great way to explore careers.












quick links
 opportunities
 events
 contact us




business hours

mon - friday:
08.30 am to 04.00 pm


sat & sunday:
closed





contact info
 105 n main, chaffee, mo 63740
 rsvpvic@sbcglobal.net
 573.887.3664
 573.887.8996











partners

americorps seniors


aging matters













retired senior volunteer program/volunteer intergeneration center, all right reserved.










