





















































department of art & art history










skip to main content


stanford university



department of art & art history




stanford


department of art & art history
 school of humanities and sciences






search









      menu
      

homeaboutdepartment overviewprograms
            toggle programs
          art historyart practicedocumentary film and videofilm and media studiesacademic facilities
            toggle academic facilities
          mcmurtry buildingoshman hallart practice studiosexhibition spacesdocumentary film spacesgiving informationcampus partnerscontactpeoplefacultystaffphd studentsmfa studentsacademicsoverviewcoursesundergraduate programs
            toggle undergraduate programs
          art history major/minorart practice major/minorfilm & media studies major/minorhonors programs
            toggle honors programs
          honors in art history & film and media studieshonors in art practicehow to declare a major/minorformsarts portfoliopeer advisor programart grantscareer resourcesgraduate programs
            toggle graduate programs
          phd art history
            toggle phd art history
          phd admissiondegree requirementsphd alumnistudent awardsmfa art practice
            toggle mfa art practice
          mfa admissionapplicant info sessionsdegree requirementsmfa art practice alumnimfa documentary film and video
            toggle mfa documentary film and video
          mfa admissionsonline info sessionsdegree requirementswriting resourcesacademic opportunitiesworksfaculty workstudent worknewsrecent newsdepartmental newslettersubscribeeventscalendarupcoming eventspast eventsexhibitionscurrent & upcoming exhibitionspast exhibitionsonline exhibitionsexhibition spaces
            toggle exhibition spaces
          stanford art gallerycoulter art gallerymohr student gallerygunn foyer & vitrine galleryopen studiosinclusiondei in art & art historydepartmental statementtown hallsresourcescontactalumshomestay connectednewsroomspotlightsresources 














 
 

ashes of memoryan exhibition of large-scale installations and paintings by xiaoze xie, the paul l. & phyllis wattis professor of art at stanford university. on view january 22–march 14, 2025 at stanford art galleryexhibition details




subscribereceive email announcements regarding upcoming lectures, exhibitions, and film screenings. sign up here




greater diversity and inclusion in the department of art and art historywe are committed to building an equitable, antiracist, and non-discriminatory environment that empowers all students, staff, faculty, and community members.read the full dei statement




previousnext













main content start




 
the department of art & art history is an interdisciplinary department offering undergraduate and graduate degrees in art history, art practice, film and media studies, and documentary film. 












 















art history



art history is a discipline that strives to understand works of art, architecture, and design from a variety of perspectives, including the original context of their making and reception as well as their subsequent circulation, collection, conservation, and display. as culturally embedded expressions, works of art may yield multiple meanings depending on the kinds of research and interpretive strategies that art historians bring into play. 
learn more about the art history program
art history undergraduate program
art history graduate program












 















art practice



the art practice program on both undergraduate and graduate levels offers production-based curriculum to prepare students for creative careers in the visual arts and to hone their creative capabilities. access to diverse courses and faculty, cross-disciplinary interaction, and well-equipped labs are among the strengths of this flexible program.
learn more about the art practice program
art practice undergraduate program
art practice graduate program












 















documentary film and video



students in the documentary film and video program become conversant with the documentary tradition as well as with alternative media and new directions in documentary.  in addition to the training in documentary production, graduates gain substantive research skills in film criticism and film analysis. the mfa degree is designed to prepare students for professional careers in film, video, and digital media, with the qualifications to teach at the university level.
 learn more about the mfa program in documentary film












 















film and media studies



the bachelor of arts in film & media studies provides students with knowledge of film aesthetics, national cinematic traditions, modes of production in narrative, documentary, and experimental films, the incorporation of moving image media by contemporary artists, and the proliferation of new forms of digital media.
learn more about the film and media studies program











upcoming events



 










 






february
18





leslie tai: how to have an american baby




datetuesday, february 18, 2025. 6:00pm - 9:30pm



locationmcmurtry building
355 roth way, stanford, ca 94305
oshman hall










 






february
24





film screening: farming the revolution




datemonday, february 24, 2025. 5:00pm



locationmcmurtry building
355 roth way, stanford, ca 94305
oshman hall










 






march
4





ashes of memory | a curator talk with janna keegan




datetuesday, march 4, 2025. 5:30pm



locationmcmurtry building
355 roth way, stanford, ca 94305
oshman hall





all upcoming events









current exhibitions



 









 








panoply of pop-ups exhibition, bowes library, winter quarter



datetuesday, february 18, 2025. 9:00am - friday, march 28, 2025. 5:00pm


locationmcmurtry building
355 roth way, stanford, ca 94305
bowes art & architecture library



spoiler alert: come see flying playing cards in alice in wonderland to dada-inspired happenings in cabaret voltaire. featuring books from the bowes locked stacks collection.



            read more
          










 








xiaoze xie: ashes of memory



datetuesday, february 18, 2025. 11:00am - friday, march 14, 2025. 5:00pm


locationstanford art gallery
419 lasuen mall, stanford, ca 94305



xiaoze xie: ashes of memory surveys the artist’s thirty-year thematic exploration of epistemology, memory, and the fragility of cultural heritage through the lens of library books.



            read more
          










 








desire & duty: 2025 first-year mfa exhibition



datetuesday, february 18, 2025. 11:00am - friday, march 14, 2025. 5:00pm


locationmcmurtry building
355 roth way, stanford, ca 94305
coulter art gallery



we are experiencing an unprecedented assault on academic freedom and many civil liberties that impact us all, extending beyond the walls of academia.



            read more
          




current and upcoming exhibitions









news



 










 


 photo by ramon san pablo






 film and media studies
alums



marina elana, ba '08, brings world-renowned flamenco artists to san francisco











 







 art history




‘panoply of pop-ups’ exhibition unfolds at the bowes art and architecture library











 


 portrait of chris nickel






 art practice
alums



remembering chris nickel






more news




















about
department overview
people
works
contact


programs
art history
art practice
documentary film
film and media studies
 


news and events
newsletter
recent news
subscribe
upcoming events
exhibitions


information for
current undergraduates
current graduate students
prospective students
faculty and staff


bowes art & architecture library
the art & architecture library is a key resource to faculty and students.
visit the library website
 


support
make a gift
your contribution makes a difference. learn how you can make a gift today.


connect with us
connect with us on facebook connect with us on instagram




 







 












sunet login







  stanforduniversity





stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info


terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility



© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






