     new mitsubishi dealer in glassboro nj | matt blatt mitsubishi                             




                       










matt blatt mitsubishi










501 delsea dr n, glassboro, nj 08028



sales
856-595-4543



service
856-242-7938

parts
856-242-7938



                  








service







map







contact


















matt blatt mitsubishi











 call



sales: 856-595-4543


service: 856-242-7938


parts: 856-242-7938




  directions








      call 856-595-4543   directions    
             home   new   used   trade/sell   finance   finance   get pre-approved     specials   specials   radio/tv specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   mitsubishi military rebate   mitsubishi vip program   manufacturer incentive     service & parts   service & parts   request an appointment   service financing   road assist   contact us     more   our dealership   fun tv ads   why matt blatt   about online buying   mitsubishi certified program   vehicle protection   meet our staff   careers   our blog   mitsubishi motors confidence   2024 mitsubishi outlander   2024 mitsubishi outlander sport   2024 mitsubishi eclipse cross   2024 mitsubishi outlander plug-in hybrid     hours & directions   contact us                     home   new   used   trade/sell   finance   finance   get pre-approved     specials   specials   radio/tv specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   mitsubishi military rebate   mitsubishi vip program   manufacturer incentive     service & parts   service & parts   request an appointment   service financing   road assist   contact us     more   our dealership   fun tv ads   why matt blatt   about online buying   mitsubishi certified program   vehicle protection   meet our staff   careers   our blog   mitsubishi motors confidence   2024 mitsubishi outlander   2024 mitsubishi outlander sport   2024 mitsubishi eclipse cross   2024 mitsubishi outlander plug-in hybrid     hours & directions   contact us           














     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         











special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now





                                                                                                                                                            


      search new inventory     search used inventory        




 get
financing







 trade
appraisal







 test
drive







 view
specials




         our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       eclipse cross      outlander      outlander plug-in hybrid      outlander sport      mirage      mirage g4    



why
matt blatt






instant cash offer
receive a cash offer for your vehicle from kelley blue book! use the offer to trade in your vehicle, or just sell it to us for cash. no purchase necessary!







4-day return policy
if for any reason you’re not absolutely in love, take advantage of our 4-day love it or leave it return policy & receive a full refund.








highly-rated
serving the delaware valley for over 30 years, our customer-centric approach & unique buying process delivers an exceptionally memorable experience.


learn more





                                                                                                                                                                             military pricing mitsubishi recognizes the dedication and achievements of the hardworking women and men of the military. your investment in this country is to be commended, and in recognition of your efforts, mitsubishi motors is offering you a $500 rebate on select models. important restrictions and rules apply. see your participating dealer for the program details. thank you! see your dealer for any military rebates. learn more         










mitsubishi certified pre-owned program
every certified pre-owned mitsubishi (cpo) vehicle is reconditioned from only the best cars available so you feel that same rare driving experience as the original owner.
more details 



     

visit us

501 delsea dr n, glassboro, nj 08028

five-star safety ratings. innovative technology. award-winning design. these are just a few of the many reasons to drive a mitsubishi. stop by our showroom and one of our helpful staff will assist you in finding the perfect mitsubishi today.
                  









          

mitsubishi dealership selling and servicing new and used cars in glassboro, nj
matt blatt mitsubishi, in glassboro, new jersey, is your one-stop shop for all things mitsubishi. since 1989, we've served the entire glassboro, philadelphia, sicklerville, williamstown, and millville regions, offering the very best in customer service, mitsubishi sales, and an unforgettable car buying experience.


a legacy of quality service
for the past 30 years, we've been the premier mitsubishi dealer in the region, with an unparalleled selection of new and pre-owned cars, trucks, and suvs. our customers return to us time and again because they know we are a dealership they can trust for all their vehicle needs. they also bring their friends and family in, and we are honored to help serve this community and provide outstanding new and pre-owned vehicles to so many wonderful people.
we treat everyone who comes into our dealership like family, and we always put family first. we believe in honest and fair dealings every step of the way. we are here to remove the negative stigma that goes with car buying, and we do that with transparency in everything we do.
from our modest beginnings when roy greenblatt opened his first 20-car lot in glendora, new jersey, to today's award-winning dealerships, we've continued to grow. we've done this by building long-lasting relationships through honesty, straight-dealing, and a stress- and pressure-free environment.
unparalleled selection and sales
when you come into our lot, you'll be struck by the unparalleled selection of new and pre-owned vehicles we have on offer. we have well over 150 new vehicles in our lot, and though our pre-owned selection varies, there can be as many as 300 or more, all ready to go home with you. just stop in with your wish list of body style, vehicle type, features, options, and even color, and we'll work to get you behind the wheel of the car, truck, or suv of your dreams.
take all the time to test drive the models you enjoy, and then work with our sales and finance team to get the very best in interest rates, payment plans, deals, and incentives regardless of your credit situation. we'll work with a broad network of trusted lenders at every level: local, regional, national. our goal is approval on every application.
at our dealership, we understand that your happiness is the reason why we're here, able to do what we do. to that end, we strive to keep every step of your car buying experience fun, lighthearted, and exciting. there are no tough backroom negotiations or pressured sales. it's all about fun and getting you into your new dream car, whether it's an eclipse, mirage, outlander, or any other vehicle.
ongoing maintenance
of course, for all the years you drive your car you'll need regular maintenance and occasional service, and our service center is here to keep you running like new. our factory-certified techs will use genuine, oem parts to keep your vehicle in factory condition for years to come. from routine oil changes and tire rotations to major post-accident repairs, they'll handle the job.
if you're ready to experience what a truly stress-free car buying experience is like, stop into matt blatt mitsubishi today. we look forward to meeting you!



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | matt blatt mitsubishi | 501 delsea dr n, glassboro, nj 08028 | sales: 856-595-4543 | www.mitsubishicars.com             




























                            