






patton park concert





















 









				patton park concert			







			site navigation		
home
terms of use
privacy policy
about
contact
 






top preschools in singapore located in ang mo kio

posted on may 13, 2023may 9, 2023 by matthew curtis 



ang mo kio is one of the fastest-growing residential neighbourhoods in singapore, with a population of 180,112. several preschools have been established in the area to meet the growing need for education, including some well-known schools in singapore.
here are some of the top preschools in ang mo kio

mindchamps preschool
brighton montessori
my first skool
pcf sparkletots preschool
the ascension kindergarten
little seeds preschool
character montessori singapore

mindchamps preschool
mindchamps is one of the preschools in ang mo kio, also found in multiple (40) locations. it caters to children aged 18 months to 6 years. the school offers similar programs across all the preschools to maintain the same standards of nurturing and educating children.
additionally, the same curriculum allows for continuity when students move from one neighbourhood to another and prefer to transfer to the nearest preschool.
the preschool focuses on child development and a bi-lingual curriculum. the teachers also commit to 200 hours of training and accreditation to maintain high teaching standards.
brighton montessori
brighton montessori uses the montessori system to encourage individual creativity and stimulate children to adjust to their learning environment. the school has age-appropriate montessori learning materials to suit each child’s interests. 
the teachers give preschoolers the flexibility to choose materials to enhance learning. at a glance, the child has freedom over how they want to explore their environment. however, this approach helps children to use all their senses and develop critical thinking skills.
brighton montessori has a centre located conveniently in ang mo kio.
my first skool
my firschool targets six learning areas;

numeracy.
language and literacy.
creativity.
motor skill development.
socio-emotional development.
creative expression.

my first skool has multiple centres in different locations. the petal approach (paying, exploring, thinking, and applying to learn) enhances critical thinking skills and creative learning. 
pcf sparkletots preschool
the pcf sparkletots preschools is one of the largest in singapore, with over 360 schools catering to over 400,000 children. the educators undergo regular, sustained training to ensure all the centres meet the set educational standards. 
the preschool curriculum is prepared for children aged 4 – 6 years. it is designed to get children to inquire, explore, communicate, and apply learning in different settings. 
the ascension kindergarten
the ascension kindergarten is one of the popular ang mo kio preschools. the school has ample space for children to learn and play. the kindergarten is under the episcopal church of ascension. it has caregivers and educators to cater to children aged eight months to 6 years. 
the school has existed since 1967, and its curriculum has undergone several changes to meet the present education demands. the school programs include learning and playing as the children prepare for formal education.
little seeds preschool
little seeds preschool is available in at least eight locations and offers a value-based curriculum. children are allowed to explore and express themselves freely. the school administration believes that a child can excel at all education and social life levels when they have the proper foundation.
the preschool looks at education as a seed to sow. the children learn, and the educators and parents start seeing the transformation. the preschool aims to provide a secure environment for the children to learn. 
character montessori singapore
character montessori singapore is a preschool in ang mo kio that targets character-building in young children. the preschool offers infant care and programs centred around critical thinking, academic training, and play. 
the school also appreciates that children are individuals with unique traits. besides educating them, the school nurtures the preschoolers to identify their talents and academic capabilities in preparation for formal primary school education. 
these are some of the top preschools in ang mo kio. they have unique approaches to nurturing young minds. however, they all have the same goal, to ensure that children learn and develop critical skills that will prove helpful later in life. 


categories: blog 



montessori preschools in singapore

posted on may 9, 2023 by matthew curtis 



compared to other education levels, preschools in singapore have greater flexibility in the approach they use to prepare young children for school. montessori is a highly sought-after learning system because it focuses on a child’s developmental stages. 
here are some of the popular montessori preschools in singapore:

advanced montessori
brighton montessori
little hands montessori kindergarten
lodestar montessori
little oaks montessori

although these schools use the montessori method, some differences set them apart. 
the advanced montessori
the advanced montessori is a montessori located conveniently in ang mo kio. the goal is to get children to learn how to read and write. however, the teachers appreciate children may be of the same age but at different developmental stages. 
the school emphasizes the importance of a hands-on approach to ensure that all children achieve the set milestones, even though it will be at different paces. additionally, the classes are entertaining to encourage memory retention. 
brighton montessori
brighton montessori uses a unique blend of montessori and academic teaching approaches to prepare students for formal education and beyond. the teachers focus on adopting a hands-on approach, exposing children to a creative, stimulating and supportive learning environment to unleash their maximum potential.
with seven schools around the island, parents can schedule a visit and tour the school before signing up. one of their centres is conveniently located at ang mo kio.
little hands montessori kindergarten
little hands montessori kindergarten encourages preschoolers to discover their full potential by exploring and discovering the world around them. the programme targets the children’s individual and social well-being.
the teachers consider each child an uncut gem with hidden talents and capabilities. they only need the right tools and experiences for their individuality to emerge. the school merges learning and performing art programmes to encourage independence, creativity, and responsibility. 
the school uses the montessori programme to provide a well-rounded education system that will equip preschoolers with the skills they need in formal education. 
lodestar montessori
lodestar montessori was one of the pioneers of the montessori system. the lessons are geared towards helping children to develop a positive attitude towards mistakes in learning. the teachers are tasked to instil passion and guide preschoolers to build critical skills, such as critical thinking and socializing. 
as important as it is for the children to have an adult guiding them, the school also believes teachers can use the child’s inner instincts for self-construction and development.  
little oaks montessori
one of the attractions of the montessori system is it is non-competitive, so children learn and grow at their pace. little oaks montessori provides an ideal environment where preschoolers are nurtured and encouraged to explore and discover.
the low teacher to children ratio guarantees every child receives attention and guidance. the teacher also quickly identifies a child’s strengths and weaknesses. 
these are critical because the teachers structure activities to help each child learn and achieve the school’s objectives. each child should have the proper knowledge to navigate primary school education. 
montessori for children
montessori for children has used the montessori system for over thirty years and has campuses in singapore, canada, and hong kong. the school follows the guidelines of the association montessori internationale (ami). 
the teachers and language specialists receive periodic training to maintain high standards as they prepare children for primary school. the school has programs for children aged 18 months to six years. 
by completing the program, preschoolers are equipped with the skills to enrol in local and international schools. 
hundreds of schools use the montessori system in singapore. these are just of the top preschools using a program where teachers use the child’s development level to determine the direction of their lesson plan.   


categories: blog 




 


how parents can support children in preschool

posted on may 26, 2021may 12, 2021 by matthew curtis 


do you have a child in preschool? what can you do to ensure he enjoys this new phase in his life? a child’s preschool years can be pretty exciting for both the parents and the children. for parents, this is the first phase of learning, while for children, this is a moment of gaining new experiences. as a parent, how can you make your child’s experience in a preschool in clementi worthwhile? 
have open communication with the teachers
as the circle of people who relate with your child expands, so will his trust. before joining a preschool in clementi, you were the most important person in your child’s life. however, now he has more people to love and trust. 
since your child spends a few hours in school, it is only right that you maintain close contact with the teachers in the preschool. they will keep you updated on your child’s progress. 
you can also find out how to help your child in this new journey towards formal education. additionally, when your child sees you have a great relationship with his teachers, he will naturally gain confidence in the bond he shares with them. 
join your child in some of his favourite activities
observe your child to find out the activities he enjoys. you could also ask his teachers how you can create a home environment where he can still enjoy performing the tasks he likes. 
when he finds similar activities at home and preschool in clementi, your child will improve the targeted cognitive skills much faster. this is also an excellent way for you to bond with your child, especially since he is taking a new path in life. 
failure to be involved means your child will soon find ways to enjoy himself without you. he is becoming independent, so if you don’t find a way to fit into his life, he will find ways to enjoy his newfound independence his way. 
besides bonding with your child, you will take note of the changes in your child. it is easy to identify the skills a child develops while in preschool in clementi. you can even discover his control in his physical coordination. 
besides the developments, it will also be possible for you to see if your child faces challenges with adjusting to the preschool environment. 
volunteer in the school activities
preschools often have various activities and celebrations that require the input of parents and teachers. in singapore, you’ll discover a preschool in clementi holding celebrations during the chinese new year and christmas. others have days set aside for family activities, mystery guests, and other events relating to the preschool. 
it is difficult for working parents to participate in all the activities. however, if you can spare time to attend some, your child will be filled with pride. children like seeing their parents involved in their school activities. this is the moment to show off their parents to preschoolers, so you should give your child the chance to put you on display. 
understanding your child’s needs is one of your responsibilities as a parent. you can quickly tell what he needs by spending time with him. when children start school, it is easy to miss out on their milestones. however, when you take steps to be involved in your child’s preschool activities, you can retain memories of your child’s preschool moments. 


categories: blog 




 


the goals of kindergarten schools in singapore

posted on may 25, 2021may 12, 2021 by matthew curtis 


the kindergarten programme is optional in singapore. however, after seeing the benefits on children, more than 90% of children aged three to six attend kindergarten. while this ensures children achieve similar educational milestones, it also puts pressure on kindergarten schools of singapore. 
parents want to see value for money, and children need to be ready for primary school when their three years in kindergarten are over. to ensure the child’s holistic development, kindergartens have a list of desired outcomes. 
teachers and parents are expected to monitor a child’s growth against the kindergarten’s goals. 
train children to differentiate good from bad.
children, just like adults, often learn from experiments and experience. this is why most of the activities that children engage in when in kindergarten are hands-on. some of these activities are designed to provide lessons to help children tell good from bad. 
the target is to help children develop critical thinking and decision-making skills. children learn the rules of the kindergarten programme and are expected to abide by them. 
for example, children learn where they are expected to place their bags when they enter the classroom in the morning. they know the appropriate time to eat their snacks. they also learn the importance of taking care of their belongings. 
when a child loses his shoe, he will know it was because he didn’t place it in the designated spot. he will learn that his actions will attract consequences. when he does good, he will be praised or rewarded. he will also learn that he will be reprimanded for bad behaviour. 
ensure children appreciate the value of speaking and listening
 
children enrolled in the kindergarten programme are expected to know how to communicate. this includes knowing when to speak and when to listen. most kindergartens in singapore have an average of 20 children per class. when taking part in some activities, teachers create smaller groups of about four to five children per group. 
the difference in group sizes indirectly trains children to learn how to communicate in large and small groups. children also learn that sometimes they have to take turns to speak. naturally, when one child speaks, the rest of the class is expected to listen. 
when they join a primary school, some of these children will find themselves in classes holding even more children. the different groupings in kindergarten schools in singapore actively prepare children not to be overwhelmed by the number of students in their class in primary school. 
guide children on healthy habits and safety awareness
kindergarten schools in singapore aim to ensure your child is a well-rounded individual. so, besides being academically prepared, the kindergarten programme encourages having lesson plans that teach children healthy habits. this includes the importance of good grooming, healthy feeding, and ways to ensure their environment is clean. 
children also learn how to be safety aware. for example, they learn some of the activities that are a risk. for example, a child who enjoys climbing trees will know there is a risk that they will fall, resulting in injuries. children also learn the dangers of crossing the road without the help of an adult. 
the kindergarten programme in singapore is strategically prepared with age-appropriate activities. these activities are to boost cognitive skills, physical and emotional development in children. these changes are expected to fit in with the goals of kindergarten schools in singapore. 


categories: blog 




 


is specialized childcare a worthwhile investment?

posted on may 20, 2021may 12, 2021 by matthew curtis 


more kindergartens in singapore are offering parents the option of specialized childcare for their younger children. parents no longer have to look for alternative centres to care for their younger children. however, the rise in the number of centres has forced some to offer specialized childcare in pasir ris. 
would you opt to send your child to a facility offering specialized childcare services? how different are the services compared to childcare centres that provide primary care?
you get a rich, research-backed curriculum.
some of the best providers of good childcare in pasir ris use a research-backed curriculum to help promote development and stimulate the children’s senses.
some parents may argue that children, even without a specialized curriculum, go through the expected milestones. while this is true, childcare centres providing specialized care give children an edge over other children. additionally, if your child has sensory development issues, it is easy to identify them early.  
it helps children to develop cognitive skills.
children are opportunistic learners. younger children lack the cognitive capacity or experience to process abstract information. however, early exposure to the environment gives them a chance to interact with elements which they will attempt to understand and fit into their imagination. 
exposure to a curriculum that attempts to enhance motor, sensory, social, emotional, and intellectual skills will help your child build cognitive skills much earlier and faster. 
the curriculum can be personalised
children have different capabilities. some learn faster, while others take a little longer. childcare in pasir ris offering a specialized curriculum appreciates that children are unique individuals. this is why the curriculum is tailor-made to cater for every child’s individual needs. 
the curriculum also takes into account that children of different ages have different needs. for example, older children are expected to take one nap a day while children aged one year and below need at least two naps a day. 
the childcare centre is a tailored sensory pathway.
childcare in pasir ris that offers specialized care not only has a specialized curriculum, but the environment itself conforms to the curriculum’s expectations. for example, the curriculum emphasizes the need to stimulate the child’s senses. this is why many childcare centres use bright colours and have bold numbers and letters displayed on the walls.
the child’s brain may not have the capacity to demonstrate understanding of the figures, but visual exposure will help stimulate the senses. so, when their brains are well-developed, children will have an easier time learning. 
trained caregivers
this is one area where childcare in pasir ris beats other centres that only provide child care services. parents who seek childcare centres providing specialized care expect to find the trained staff to provide excellent service. 
the staff are not just caregivers, but they are teachers as well. they understand the cognitive development potential of the children in their care, and how to stimulate learning. 
specialized childcare in pasir ris has many benefits. unfortunately, some of the facilities charge a little more for the additional service. it is best to weigh the benefits of taking your child to a facility that will help prepare him for learning, irrespective of his age. for some parents, the added benefit is worth the extra cost. 


categories: blog 




 


information on childcare centres in hougang

posted on may 19, 2021may 12, 2021 by matthew curtis 


singapore’s government introduced infant and child care subsidies for working adults to encourage more people to have children. singapore’s median age is 42 years. it is not surprising that policies are in place to increase the country’s birth rate. 
in most singaporean households, the adults work full-time. besides the inability to care for children full time, some adults put plans of expanding their family on hold because of the high cost of raising a child. 
the subsidy doesn’t just ease the financial burden of caring for children. it also guarantees more parents will be looking for a good childcare centre in hougang. 
conditions to qualify for infant care subsidy
you qualify for the infant care subsidy if:
your child is aged 2-18 months.your child is a singapore citizenthe childcare centre is licensed by the early childhood development agency (ecda)
since payments to childcare in hougang is made monthly, the infant care subsidy is also available monthly to parents who quality. so, if you are thinking of using childcare centres while you work, you need to start looking for the ideal centre as soon as possible. the demand for these centres is high because parents who fail to secure a place miss out on the infant subsidy.
types of infant care subsidies
parents interested in childcare in hougang are eligible for two types of infant care subsidies, basic and additional subsidy. 
basic subsidy
under this category, working mothers are expected to receive a $600 or $300 monthly subsidy for full and half-day childcare in hougang. 
on the other hand, stay-at-home mothers are entitled to a $150 subsidy for either a full or half-day childcare program. 
additional subsidy
as the name suggests, this subsidy is given in addition to the basic subsidy. single fathers and working mothers who work for more than 56 hours a week and have a household income of $7,500 and below are entitled to additional subsidies.
since these parents work long hours but still have a low income, the government felt they need additional help with meeting the costs of childcare in hougang. 
the other category of people who qualify for additional infant care subsidies is large families. these families must have at least five or more people per household, with a per capita income of not more than $1,875. these families should also have more than two dependents to qualify for the additional subsidy. 
the application process.
first, enrol your child in childcare in hougang that is registered with ecda. request the childcare centre for the necessary subsidy application forms. ensure you have your identification card and your child’s birth certificate. 
the administration of the childcare in hougang can guide you further on the subsidy amount you should expect. you can easily prepare your monthly budget when you know how much you need to set aside for infant care. 
child care is a sensitive subject for many parents in singapore. unfortunately, even though some parents wish they could stay home to take care of their young ones, they may not afford to lose their jobs. 
childcare in hougang is the solution, and if you qualify for a subsidy, even better. you not only get professional infant care, but you also get government support. find out as much as you can about the infant care subsidy program and how you can get all the financial help you are entitled to receive. 


categories: blog 




 


5 factors to consider when rating a nursery school in singapore

posted on may 18, 2021may 12, 2021 by matthew curtis 


if you have ever searched for a nursery school in singapore, you know it is no easy task. the competition between kindergartens doesn’t make it easier because you will notice more similarities than differences. how then do you choose one singapore nursery school over another when they all seem to be ideal for your child?
what resources does the school have?
a school’s resources are one of the things that matter when choosing a nursery school in singapore. resources vary from one school to another. looking at the various resources available to children will help you decide which nursery school is superior.
the resources include learning and playing materials that children use to improve cognitive and emotional skills. 
does the school provide reading materials? are there games to help children develop cognitive skills? is the playground large enough to accommodate the children as they play? are there enough teachers to ensure the preschoolers get personalised attention? is there a nurse readily to ensure children receive immediate care should they fall ill or get injured?
these are some of the resources that nursery schools need. the information should be readily available to help you make an informed decision. 
how is the school’s leadership?
a singapore nursery school’s leadership is responsible for the smooth running of the school. without the right management, operations in a nursery school can ground to a halt. as a parent, you know the benefit of having order in your home. otherwise, the children will leave a trail of destruction. 
if one or two children can leave your space in a mess, how much worse could it be in a singapore nursery school? 
with the right leadership, a nursery school will operate like a well-oiled machine. teachers will be obliged to follow the school schedule. children will have a balanced meal plan. parents will receive updates on their children’s progress. efforts will be made to ensure all the children are emotionally and physically ready for primary school. 
the school’s curriculum
nursery schools in singapore get to choose any of the six approved curriculums. each curriculum has its advantage. some nursery schools use more than one curriculum. find out the curriculum that the school uses and see if it will work for your child.
for example, if your child is playful and highly active, you should consider a singapore nursery school that uses a play-based curriculum. 
hygiene and safety
as they play, it is expected that children will get dirty. however, a good nursery school in singapore gives children the freedom to play, and at the same time, ensure they are safe. for example, children should be taught to wash their hands after playing. some schools request a change of clothes so that when children leave the playground, they change into clean clothes. 
measures taken to keep children healthy
since children are in singapore nursery school for several hours a day, the school administration needs to ensure it takes steps to keep the children healthy. this includes providing balanced meals and healthy treats. the food children eat often influences the brain’s functions.
so, when you choose a school with safety nets in place to keep children healthy, you are helping to keep your child’s brain perform optimally. 
these are some of the factors that give a singapore nursery school the edge over the others. if the nursery school scores highly in these factors, you can relax knowing your child will be in good hands. 


categories: blog 



arabic and business

posted on april 18, 2018march 28, 2018 by matthew curtis 


if we talk about communication and understanding, the first thing that we should consider is language. without language, we wouldn’t have words and sentences to express what we want. that is why we learn how to speak a language. as citizens of a country we should learn how to speak our own language. however, it would also be a challenge and a benefit for us if we learn how to speak other foreign languages.
if you are looking for an arabic course in singapore, you should check out berlitz language school. they are one of the most established and oldest language schools in the world, and they offer a wide range of language courses and at varying proficiency levels. if you want to learn arabic seriously, you should check out berlitz arabic classes.

in this article, we are going to speak about arabic.
to start, andrew hitchcock will tell us about the growing importance of arabic in business.
the growing importance of arabic in business
when a language gains prominence around the world, there is a rise in the demand for speakers of that language in governments and businesses around the world. higher salaries and unique job positions attract and motivate employees, while businesses benefit from relationships founded on positive communication and interaction with global clients.
in recent years, arabic has proven to be one such language. arabic-speaking countries are major players in the global economy. and arabic is currently ranked on the power language index (pli) as the 5th most important language based on several factors including the number of native speakers, the economic output of those native speakers and the importance of the language in world diplomacy.
economic growth of arabic-speaking countries
arabic is the official language of over 20 countries, and has nearly 300 million native speakers. economically, these countries have grown quickly in a short amount of time, and the arab world has a combined gdp of $2.5 trillion. read more here.
according to the article above, there is a high business demand for the arabic language. they also mentioned that arabic is vital for any external global businesses that want to build and maintain healthy, long lasting relationships with arab consumers and organizations. in addition to that, shahraz will tell us about the importance of arabic language in today’s global business market.
importance of arabic language in today’s global business market
business, travel or curiosity, there are many reasons which make us learn different languages. regarding this there has been raising a trend of learning and speaking arabic around the world. a major part of the planet is arabic speaking. arabic is main language of gulf and middle eastern countries like turkey, egypt, united arab emirates and many others. people who travel to these countries have to communicate with their citizens in arabic that is why people are going crazy to learn or at least understand this beautiful language. read more here.
            because the arabic language is now widely used in several large businesses, translation services are now in demand. it is not easy to find credible translators and interpreters but there is someone who can do it for you. cjjk could translate arabic to english and any other languages.
now, arabic academy will tell us about the advantages of learning arabic for businesses.
advantages of learning arabic for business
whether you’re a college student looking for your first job to launch a career or you’re a professional going back to school to advance in your career, you have probably heard that learning another language is essential. being fluent in more than one language will make you stand out from other applicants and open up new career opportunities in countries around the world.
what language should you study? there are many out there: spanish, french, german, chinese, japanese. what about arabic?
if you’re looking to advance in the field of business, learning arabic has many advantages. the largest advantages of learning arabic for business include:

 increased business opportunities.
technology has made the world smaller, making it more connected than ever. countries in the middle east where arabic is predominately spoken, have become big players in the world economy and in international business. learning arabic will enable you to travel and work in these powerful countries.read more here.

learning the arabic language would really give you increased business opportunities. since many of the middle east countries have large and good businesses, then it means that if you know how to speak arabic, then it would be an advantage for you. there would be higher chances that you would get a job in different kinds of business abroad. it just proves that knowing how to speak arabic would benefit you in numerous ways.


categories: blog 



interesting reasons why you should enroll your child in an international preschool

posted on january 17, 2018january 17, 2018 by matthew curtis 



one of the most difficult tasks parents have is that of planning the future for their child. in order for children to reach their full potentials, they have to be encouraged on a daily basis to keep pushing themselves to newer heights.
parents also play a major role in fostering life-changing habits in their children. you see, sending your child to an international preschool is an excellent way to bring out your child’s hidden potentials.
of course, most parents (mothers especially) are scared about the thought of sending their child to an international preschool. but those who know what their child is going to learn from ips have enrolled their children without any hesitation.
children around the age of 2 to 4 years are very fragile, and at that, they require the best care and attention they could get.  international preschools can meet up with this need because they have well state of the art facilities that are suitable for learning and playing.
it would be a great idea for a parent to visit an ips to determine if it would be suitable for their child before enrolling them. parents also need to be on the lookout for preschools that gives children the opportunity to make choices with regard to their method of learning as well as the kind of skill they want to develop.
this flexibility will give your child the avenue to bring out his or her hidden talents.
another thing parents should be on the lookout for is the philosophy of the preschool they plan to enroll their child. some international preschool use play-based method to teach children very important concepts. even more, they also teach children how to learn by exploration and imagination.
in this article, we are going to be looking at some reasons why you should enroll your child in an international preschool in singapore.
upgrade
international preschools are perfect when it comes to child development. this is because their curriculum is focused on the following:

to help them develop an initiative so that they can help themselves.

2    to strengthen their communication and language skill.
3    to get them abreast of the creative arts.
4   to help them develop physically.
5   to help them develop socially so that they can get along with other kids.
6    to get them informed about good hygiene.
independence 
at preschools, a child will learn how to handle things on his own. a child with a sense of independence will make better choices and will press on when other kids are stuck.
values
international preschool help instil important values like sharing to children. basically, children who do not have an older or younger sibling to play with usually find it difficult to share. international preschool help to prevent this from happening; in that, they create a wonderful avenue for children to play with one another and become informed about the art of sharing, socializing and making friends.
easy transition 
basically, the goal of a preschool is to prepare a child for kindergarten. ips offers outdoor activities as well as indoor activities for children. when a child engages in these activities, they become more energetic and embrace the outdoors. and later, they will get to know how to paint and classify objects. all these activities in a preschool prepare a child for kindergarten.
flexibility
international preschools create an avenue for parents to choose the number of days they want their children to show up in school.
final note
an international preschool is what a child needs in his early stage of life so that he can flourish as he grows up.


categories: blog 



tips for raising a bilingual child

posted on november 16, 2017november 29, 2017 by matthew curtis 



having diversity within a family is a great asset as the child that comes in this family gets to learn various languages and culture. it is for this reason that you must know how to raise a bilingual child. having a diverse linguistically can be very advantageous for the child, as being bilingual is a real gift.
here are some tips that will help you raise a bilingual child better and you will know what you must do and what you must not.
these are some core principles in this area that will help you know this area better and plan accordingly. generally, either of the languages the child is more exposed to is the more dominant one for the child. however, the more dominant language can always shift at any given moment, but the one that is used more frequently becomes the dominant language.
also, children will see a simultaneous acquisition in both the languages that he or she learns and this can be seen right from birth or a very early age. the child can be seen to experience a successive acquisition where the primary language of the child is very clearly established on the child’s development.
after that the child is slowly introduced to a new language when the child is quite young.
there can be a silent period while learning the new language where the child prefers to silently observe and then slowly speak the language.
it is also important to use both the languages at home in fact try to use all the languages at home if needed and you will notice that the child will pick up the language slowly and steadily.
give the child ample space and time to speak and learn all the languages in general, on their own also in the social contexts.
try and consistently use one language at home so the child picks up fast.
studies show that children who are as young as even six months actively observe the sounds of speech in their surroundings and learn from them. so, allow maximum exposure to these sounds.
if a native language is spoken at home, then it is important to let the child learn that and speak only that at home as the other language, the formal medium of instruction will anyway be taught at home and can be picked up by the child.
a natural language environment is very important for the child to thrive and learn both the languages with ease.
as parents, try to be dedicated to bilingualism throughout the course of the child’s education and also encourage the child to read and write in all these languages and carry it over into adulthood so there is ample scope for the child to learn.
it is essential to speak the language continuously as there are chances that the skill will deteriorate.
if you feel that a bilingual child has a problem in speech or delay in speech development, then it is essential to visit the doctor and address the problem.
the bottom line is that bilingualism is very important to enrich many or even all aspects of childhood. so, whenever it is feasible, it is recommended that you try commit to it as that will develop the language skills of the child. it will go on to ensure that the child is learning and also developing. it will help the child be more open and will have access to many more opportunities. so, try and make your child two or more languages so there is ample development and the child is fluently able to communicate in two languages. if you want to know more about speech therapy or occupational therapy for children, get in touch with the experts today.


categories: blog 



what to consider and where to look when choosing a good private school in singapore

posted on november 13, 2017 by matthew curtis 



 
what do you think is an ideal school for your children? every parent wants the best for their child especially when it comes to education because it is something very important to have. with the vast numbers of schools out there, private or public, it is pretty difficult to decide where to send our children to. however, some parents already choose to send their children to private schools because of some good reasons. singapore, just like any other countries, has its own top private schools to be proud of. we could choose from them but we should still make sure that it is the right one for your child.
little steps asia’s article will give us some helpful information about the top private schools in singapore.
top private schools in singapore
a private education does not come cheap, but it does come with first class qualifications, access to amazing sports facilities, broadway worthy drama studios and the opportunity to travel this stunning continent. but what you may not know is that the little island also boasts itself as a top-notch private education hub.
australian international school
the australian international school (ais) is a co-educational preschool to year 12. established in 1993, the school has an enviable reputation for its unique pastoral care, academic excellence and wide range of co-curricular offerings. they have sports facilities many athletes would be envious of. read more here.
those were plenty of singapore private school to choose from. however, in choosing the right school for our children, we should not just rely on the name but we must also consider all the other factors about it like the cost and many others. not because it is considered one of the top private schools doesn’t mean that it is the right one for you and your child.
to help us more about it, get.com will guide us in choosing the top ten international schools in singapore.
top 10 international schools in singapore
did you make the move to singapore recently? looking for a school for your child? you might have heard of the rigorous school system here in singapore and are weighing the options between a local or international school. there is no doubt a lot to consider, as the type of school you choose can impact your child’s emotional, mental and social development. we at get.com understand your dilemma and are here to help you with 3 key considerations to think about. 

 how long will you stay in singapore?

the length of your stay is a major factor to consider for the choice of school for your child. if you are on a short term assignment and looking to stay in singapore for less than three years, considering an international school might be your best bet, especially one that mirrors the education system back in your home country. read more here.
great! those pieces of information could really be helpful when choosing the right private school. though we have many schools to choose from, it is still not guaranteed that we would get the quality of service that we want from the school. as parents, it is our responsibility to check on the standards of the facilities and the quality of education of course. we should see to it that everything the school offers is worth it.
sandra davie’s article will explain to us how singapore monitors the standard of education in every school which is really important.
private schools: survival of fittest
a record 25private schools deregistered last year with the committee for private education (cpe), which regulates the industry. there are 293 registered private schools currently – the lowest in recent years – and more are expected to exit the industry this year, as the cpe prepares to enforce new and stricter rules on the private education industry. but some industry watchers say this pruning may not be a bad thing. the schools that remain will most likely be the more established ones that offer relevant courses and continue to be more viable as businesses. the new rules, which are a step towards greater transparency, academic quality and accountability, will push schools to raise their standards further. and there is a need for higher standards as the government opens up more pathways for singaporeans through the skills future initiative. under the new rules, private schools that offer degree programmes will be required to take part in a yearly survey to track how easily their graduates find jobs. the survey will be centrally administered by cpe and results will be published on its website. read more here.
schools should really maintain a high quality of education and a high standard of facilities because it is a learning institution and it is important for students. they are also schools that require a higher cost that is why it would be wrong to offer something not worth paying for. singapore is just a small country but it has many schools for parents and children to choose from. we should keep in mind all the things to consider when choosing and we should carefully weigh the pros and cons of each.


categories: blog 



why is private preschool worth the fees you have to pay?

posted on october 7, 2017august 31, 2018 by matthew curtis 



parents always just want what is best for their child and they will do their part in trying to provide the child with what they need. this being said it may not always be the most practical choice for the parents as some of the advantages that they want to be able to provide to their child can be very pricey and eat into their financials. almost everyone can attest to the fact that sending your child to a private school can be very advantageous for the child and this can help them to get the boost that they need to do better than the rest in their future. but the fees that the parents have to pay for private school education is usually very high and this can be one of the reasons why parents usually give public schools a second thought.
here is why an international private school in singapore is worth the high fees for students
* studies have shown that even the brightest is students can show a two and a half years lag if they are sent to a more disadvantaged school as compared to the wealthier schools.
* education is more than just based on the curriculum that is taught in schools it is so much more than just the outcomes that you get from an exam. private schools realize this and focus more on the overall development of the child.
* the child gets the most out of a school that is right for them and one where they are able to bloom in. by choosing the right program for your child you are giving them the best possible advantage that you can.
* most ib schools in singapore can help to match the school program closely to the needs of the student and the educational preference of the parents.
tips to be able to afford private school fees
there are a few simple things that you can do that can reduce the burden that the private school fees. it is very important that parents first look at their finances and make sure that they are able to pay the fees and also save for their retirement, although some sacrifices may have to be made, for example, you may not be able to afford that vacation home that you had your heart set on but do not ignore the other expenses of the house. sometimes stretching the finances of the house to such a level where it becomes a burden to the parents and they may not be able to pay the mortgage or other bills can do more harm than good for your child.
1. start planning early: most private schools need you to enroll your child on their waiting list even as soon as they are born. by planning well in advance you can make sure that the child is on any list that they need to be on.
2. start saving: it is common knowledge that a private school can be expensive, by starting up a savings account early on can help you pay the fees of your child later.
3. pay in advance: many private schools offer a discount on the fees if they are paid in advance. most of the times this discount can be more than the interest that you can make on your savings account.
4. look for scholarships: most schools are eager to get students that have some sort of special skill. if your child is exceptionally good at something then there are chances that they can get a scholarship that can cover the whole fees of the private school.
by going through all of the options that you have for paying the school fees you can make sure that you are able to afford the school as well as the lifestyle that your child will have to live when they go to such an .


categories: blog 



the role of socialization in childs development

posted on september 29, 2017 by matthew curtis 


children will be able to learn the ways in which they can effectively communicate with their peers. also, they will know the dos and donts of this communication process. 
this socialization opportunity will teach sacrifice to the kids as well. they will know that there are some people who need things more than them. 
the enhancement of communication skills will take place. no matter if it is about communicating with the peers or communicating with other adults, they will be able to do it in an effective way. 
they will be able to learn the norms of their society. no person is accepted within a society if they dont follow the norms and values of that specified society. this is why; they need to know the right ways to behave and this will be done in a child care centre. 
confidence is one of the most important traits that should be developed in a kid. while interacting with the kids and learning new concepts in the child care, a child will be able to develop this ability. 
the next important thing you child will develop includes the ability to solve the problem. as they will be provided with the opportunities to solve their problems on their own, they will learn the ways to figure out these problems on their own. also, they will find effective ways to face their problems and solve them in a manner that is easy for them.
cooperation is the second important ability your child will develop while in the child care centres. there will be several activities that need to be performed in collaboration with other children. there will be group activities that require your child to interact with other people in an effective way. within this interaction process, they will learn the ability to cooperate and help each other. 
 as your children will be passing through a transitional phase, there is a possibility that they experience a lot of stress. while attending a child care centre, they will be able to get rid of this stress. their attention will be diverted to positive activities and they will no longer concentrate on something negative.


categories: blog 



sundays in patton park 2008 summer concert series

posted on july 12, 2017july 12, 2017 by matthew curtis 


welcome to the 6th annual sundays in patton park, a free outdoor musical concert series in hamilton, massachusetts.
these weekly concerts are held in the bandstand at patton park (located on rte 1a in hamilton) on sunday evenings from 5-7 pm.  in the event of rain, arrangements are made for an inside venue nearby—with the information posted at the park by 3 pm on the day of the concert.  this rain information and directions may also be accessed in a temporary message recorded at 978-468-4818.
feel free to bring your own blanket and/or lawn chairs and a picnic.*  and don’t worry about the bugs!  experience has shown that they only come out at dusk—after 7 o’clock!  as patton park is quite open near the bandstand, do consider the heat and late afternoon sun.  you may wish to bring sun block, hats, and/or other provisions for shade if appropriate.
new this year, refreshments will be available for purchase. look for selections from the grill as well as drinks & other cool treats.
these concerts are coordinated by a volunteer committee, which seeks monetary support and sponsorships for performances and advertising.   funds are managed under the auspices of community service of hamilton and wenham, inc..


categories: blog 










				theme: scaffold by danny cooper.
			














