














captain farris house: romantic bed and breakfast inn on cape cod











































captain farris house


captain farris house navigation menu

skip to main content
welcome
blog
sitemap
photo gallery
view all accommodations
policies
directions/contact us
breakfast
things to do
accessibility statement
about the house and gardens
packages
afternoon tea
meet your hosts








call (508) 760-2818 for assistance


     


check availability 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
accommodations

view all
suites

phoebe white suite
elisha jenkins suite
the irma farris suite
the captain farris suite


guest rooms

captain’s quarters
reuben’s room
bray’s retreat
davis room
aunt liddy’s room
russell’s hideaway


amenities
ada property features
check availability
book now
gift certificates


the inn

about the house and gardens
meet your hosts
breakfast
policies
photo gallery
map
directions
contact us


afternoon tea
packages

packages
add ons


weddings
attractions

things to do
blog


 








check in: 
check out: 




check availability











 accommodations






 packages






 breakfast






 afternoon tea






 attractions









the captain farris housea beautiful and romantic cape cod bed and breakfast




whether you’re looking for a place to unwind from the daily grind….somewhere to celebrate life’s special moments… a destination to reunite with friends and family… or just a place to stay while exploring cape cod.  look no further…the captain farris house is a special place where you can return to a simpler time to relax in luxury at this beautifully restored inn located in the historic bass river village on cape cod, just minutes from beautiful beaches, attractions, places, and great restaurants.  so enjoy exploring the cape and return to your home-away-from-home to relax and enjoy!








 explore the area

it’s no surprise that nature lovers, beachgoers, and artists flock to cape cod. no other place compares to the scenery and attractions here! the cape is a year-round paradise. stroll along the shoreline, go whale watching, tour lighthouses, and more.
attractions 






 discover the captain farris house

there are so many things to do on cape cod, and the captain farris house is in the perfect location to begin to experience them! our beautifully restored inn has retained its historic charm. gorgeous gardens greet you, and elegant spaces await you inside.
learn more 






 view our accommodations

step inside our rooms and feel pure relaxation. luxurious accommodations with top-notch service and amenities await you. explore and select your ideal room today to unwind in one of the most romantic places to stay in yarmouth, ma!
find your favorite 






 indulge in breakfast

wake up to the aroma of a homemade breakfast served in one of our elegant dining rooms breakfasts feature a choice of freshly brewed coffee or tea, juices, a two-course seasonal entrée prepared daily with locally sourced ingredients, and catered to your dietary needs.  there’s no better way to start your day!
treat your taste buds 






 packages & specials

enhance your cape cod getaway with a special package or add-ons. whether planning a trip for two, a girls’ getaway, or an elopement, we have the perfect package or add-on to make your stay extra special. we can also customize a package just for you.
view all specials 




book direct for best rateget the best rate and enjoy special benefits when you book directbook direct now


read our recent posts
 here are the top 4 most popular ...
if you’re looking for a fun and interactive activity on cape cod, grab your sweetheart or a friend and attend a... read more
 
 5 reasons to escape to cape cod ...
sometimes, a change of scenery sparks a new lease on life. so, when the spirit moves for a bit of time away from... read more
 
 your spring elopement on cape cod
as spring emerges, nature awakens with fresh blooms and renewed energy -- a perfect reflection of love's new... read more
 









 




 











 captain farris house
308 old main street south yarmouth, ma 02664 phone: (508) 760-2818
https://captainfarris.com    cfhinnkeepers@captainfarris.com
latitude: 41.665708 longitude: -70.188073















© captain farris house 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.  accessibility statement | privacy policy | site map











 
x
vacation guide & updates
subscribe to our mailing list to learn about area news and upcoming events





subscribe
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 






 

















 


