



http://solid-ground-books.com solid christian books for the whole family



































 







book search  












upcoming conferences we will serve
please check back again soon for updated conference information


interview with mike gaydosh of solid ground christian books









a book on the covenant of grace endorsed by john owen now available






spurgeon's devotional bible is now available and ready to ship






two powerful new titles now available to ship






brand new title: a present day journey through 'pilgrim's progress'






now available! a new trilogy from the prince of preachers to the young






a new trilogy on the ministry of the holy spirit now available






paperback editions of the 1689 baptist confession and the three forms of unity now available


two brand new titles promoting sound biblical doctrine




holding georgia for geneva



the five solas




brand new solid ground reformation 500 trilogy available


now available:
the 5th edition of the modern exposition of the 1689 baptist confession


now available:
brand new edition of thomas watson's classic

 

this book ought to be read in every christian home

 

now available a powerful book of testimonies from former roman catholics

 

help us get copies of this book to our troops in afghanistan

 
   			 
			 
			

four outstanding titles now available to ship

 

a new smyth-sewn hardcover edition of our first title "a pastor's sketches" now available

 

two vital books on baptist covenant theology now available



do you know anyone struggling with the doctrine of election? look here.



trilogy of sermons by john calvin now available to ship




greetings,
welcome to solid ground christian books. 
			our mission is to bring back the treasures of the past to minister to christians in the present and future, as well 
			as to publish new titles that will address burning issues in the church and the world. since its beginning in the spring of 2001, 
			solid ground has been committed to publish god-centered, christ-exalting books for all ages.







god-centered, christ-exalting, scripture-saturated reformed and calvinistic books from
		reformers, puritans and evangelical writers for men, women and children of all ages.
call solid ground christian books at (772) 207-5862
			© 2002 solid ground christian books, port st. lucie, florida 34987

















"it is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between."
—c.s. lewis



 
































