









find your custom fabric solution today | apex mills

































































 





 





























 1-516-239-4400   








about us

our approach
our facilities
our history


textiles

textile types
fabric finishes
textile 101


gallery

solid knit
mesh & netting
3d spacers
stretch fabrics


solutions

find a custom solution
industry case studies


media
careers
contact us


your specialty fabric and textile innovators!

 
 
 






need an innovative power mesh solution? 
							contact us 
							
 



berry compliant fabrics

 
							find out what keeps customers
competitive and focused on their target.
application driven design at work

 


learn more 
							
 









apex mills for american made specialty textile innovations
apex mills offers customized fabrics made in the usa, including elastomerics, circular knits, mesh nettings, and 3-d spacer fabrics.
fill out our questionnaire to get started >



 










engineered
specialty fabric and textile innovators

technical expertise and customer collaboration is vital to textile development. we understand the  challenges our customers face and solve them with precision.
explore  our textiles >

 


performance
specialty fabric and textile innovators

customers use our products in mission critical situations and must be confident that our products will perform to the standards they’ve established. time after time, apex mills meets the   performance challenge.
explore  our textiles >

 


innovative
specialty fabric and textile innovators

innovation is not simply dreaming up new ideas. it’s the ability to transform new ideas into actual products.  making trends rather than reacting to them enables us to innovate new fabric solutions for our customers.
explore  our textiles >

 











made in the usa

apex mills is proud to be an american company. located on long island, ny, with production facilities in north carolina, all of our textiles have been  designed and manufactured right here in the united states since our inception in 1943!
learn more >

 











specialty fabric & textile innovators!
reach your most challengingtextile goals with confidence.
start designing your textile >
 










call 1-516-239-4400 or use the form below:


message*name company phoneemail*

 looking for a custom solution? use our custom solutions form here!emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ



 

  
corporate office:
168 doughty boulevard
inwood, ny 11096, usa

 aridyne:
2350 long dairy road
graham, nc 27253, usa

 insight textiles:
138 elamsville road
stuart, va 24171, usa

 









about us
textiles
gallery
solutions
media
careers
contact us
 


 
  1-516-239-4400





  © 2024 apex mills - all rights reserved      |      privacy policy
 
 
 










 

about us▼our approachour facilitiesour historytextiles▼textile typesfabric finishestextile 101gallery▼solid knitmesh & netting3d spacersstretch fabricssolutions▼find a custom solutionindustry case studiesmediacareerscontact us 































































×
privacy policy apex mills


 your privacy is very important to us. accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. the following outlines our privacy policy.

before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
we will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
we will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
we will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
we will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
we will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

we are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

 






