













farmsx















  










home


how it works


about us


our services


contact us


 trade


  create new account











better food, together. 
                  farm fresh food.
                  




sign in to farmsx









 remember me on this computer


sign in


create new account


forgot id/password?



 terms of use and privacy policy.



















quality



value



environment


































know the farm community where you buy your food


follow your favorite farming communities near you.


sign up now



















sustainable, high quality farming. know your food and take back control of your health!



avoid food where you don't know the source.



support local farmers. 



full transparency into the pricing directly from the farmer



replenish the earth
























millions of pounds sold of produce, meats and grains



millions of gallons of water saved by protein optimization



thousands of happy members



join this growing community



join now














how it works
farmsx is the world's only trading market for farming communities direct to the market or restaurant. farmers directly own the relationship to buyers who support them.  as a farm, you make all the money other than a small 25 cent transaction fee. simply create an account on farmsx, set up payment and banking instructions, then participate. we are better together! 
bid on a single farming product or thousands of farming products to lock in the price. monetize your farming output with the only forward market for farming communities.










×



















about us

while we have diverse experiences and backgrounds, farmsx was borne while we were teaching an entrepreneurship seminar in mali, africa to 50 promising men and women. 
one member of the seminar said his dream would be to start a meat processing plant in mali, but no bank would lend him money because there was no commodity market for meat in mali and therefore no way to lock in the price for the product.   we agreed with his conclusion that a bank should not lend him money as there was too much risk.   from there we built the first multi-purpose online geolocation based commodity exchange for emerging markets. 

using our core geolocation exchange technology, we decided to not only help the farmers and hotels in africa, but every person on the planet with a commodity market for micro-farm agriculture, transportation seats, freight and parking spots. 
through investing heavily in technology and a robust series of patents over a number of years we arrived at farmsx, shipsx, seatsx, routesx, parkedx and more. 



















erik simpson
eugene, oregon





ibrahima diarra
bamako, mali





rasti hameed
sulaymaniyah, kurdistan





yvette simpson
toronto, canada





gavin simpson
houston, texas





asawer hadi
baghdad, iraq





john sullivan
oklahoma





kardo mustafa
sulaymaniyah, kurdistan





banu
sulaymaniyah, kurdistan





rana panjak
new delhi, india





stuart simpson
houston, texas





kenny simpson
houston, texas





marthe coulibaly
niono, mali





mark spilotro
tripoli, libya





kamran khalil
islamabad, pakistan





kenneth cormier
houston, texas





ouyang yuhang
chengdu, china





chris george
new york, new york





shehnaz kapasi
mumbai, india





lisa kramr
san antonio





taylor cole
dallas, texas

















our services









people in the city
smart citizens recommend farmsx to their friends. know where your food came from and the pride the farmer took harvesting your vegetables and livestock.  know the farmer who raised your food.







virtual farm hubs
a virtual hub is a farm community address which is common to many people on the system.  the farm community could be an actual local farm, a local farmers market or a local grocery store who carries local product. farmsx is food for the people by the people. don’t see a virtual farming hub market near you? just submit your local farm of choice to our network and we will add it.
inquire to have farmsx come to your state or city.







quality and safety
all farmers back their products on the exchange. all shipments are backed by the shipsx delivery system farm to market.







policies
 commitment times and dates are firm or the contract is in default and the buyer or seller are entitiled to replacement costs for the products.







payment
since we are a market, not a service, we recommend using debit cards with your accounts to keep the financial service transaction costs free or minimal. we want you to keep as much of your money as possible. while we recommend debit cards, we do accept all forms of payment. if you do choose to use a credit card, your balance on farmsx will be increased by your purchase amount less the applicable credit card processing fees. farmsx charges 25 cents per trade for buyer and seller. the balance is transferred from buyer to seller through the farmsx bid-offer market system.







refer a friend
10 commission free rides for each friend you refer who signs up and is approved. help your friends save more money on transportation. import your contact lists to help spread the network to increase parking spots available. we are better when we work together.







price
we are a market and community of farmers, not a farm. we charge 25 cents per transaction as a fee, then buyer’s bid pays the seller the balance through the farmsx system. farmsx empowers people, not a company.  our favorite charity to donate to is you!







companies and schools
smart companies have partnered with farmsx to know the food quality demanded by their hard working employees and students. smart companies contribute to clean skies and better air to attract the best employees to their city. farmsx not only improves the quality of student life by creating a system for students to save time and money but the service actually benefits the culture of the university or school campus itself.







environment
combining the foodie body food search engine with farmsx, typical users are able to make 1/5th the environmental impact while optimizing their protein intake. 







transaction confirmation
review the trade and product confirmation process. see your hub to hub farming market addresses, visual hub map display of delivery and delivery confirmation details.







visionary cities for the next generation
visionary cities are improving conditions for workers to provide higher quality food.
















testimonials



"a market to allow small farmers to have an equal voice to the large farms"
-matt cadman - shady grove ranch




"farmers markets online for my restaurant in houston with firm delivery and higher quality"
-richard - weights and measures




"my dream was to build a meat processing plant in mali but there was no market for meat until farmsx"
-gabriel - mali 




"love seeing local farms on my navigation on routesx"
-rasti











 

connect with us online















 buy local
 create new account

 technical support :  call (832) 916-2001 



quick links
 home
how it works
 about us
our services
testimonials


contact us














send








copyright © 2002 - 2020 farmsx llc a simpsx technologies llc company. all rights reserved.


privacy policy    terms of use



























