       texas family & divorce law attorneys          




about our firmmeet our teampractice areasfaqscontact (281) 391-9237
representing
family law & divorce clientsour family and divorce lawyers practice only family and divorce law. put our award-winning team to work for you!

contact the firm

meet the team
i’m looking for a
divorce lawyerwhether you’re filing or you’ve been served papers, our team can help you every step of the way.
get help
i need a child support or custody lawyerwhen children are involved, the stakes are high.we can help you achieve an outcome that favors your situation.
get help
i’m not sure what kind of lawyer i needour experienced team has seen many different scenarios through the years. let us help you in your time of need.
get helpadams law firm
let us help you through any family law issues you might be facing with our 35+ years of experience.if you are considering divorce or have already been served, need to enforce or modify support payments, or need to take out a protective order, our experienced attorneys and staff are here to guide you through the process ahead and ensure that your legal rights are asserted to the fullest extent available under texas law. the adams law firm is a katy, texas based divorce firm that represents families and individuals in a wide range of family law and divorce matters. since 1977 our firm has guided clients through countless difficult and complex family law cases. we are av preeminent® rated by martindale-hubbell® for exceptional ethical conduct and legal ability. our attorneys are more than capable of handling any divorce or family law issue you may be facing.

ready to schedule a consultation?
call 281-391-9237
testimonials
“i highly recommend the adams law firm. i needed representation for the divorce i was going through. john was understanding and compassionate during our initial meeting. after listening to my story and hearing what my goals were for my divorce, john informed me that my expectations were too low and not only was he going after what i had mentioned ...”


















keith moore -                             
“i worked with attorney heather bachman. she took the time to fully explain the process and was patient with my questions. she was able to resolve a very difficult situation between myself and my ex-wife. she helped us to work together to come to amicable solutions for our children. she suggested many creative solutions to allow the children to transition ...”


















will bachman -                             
“there are moments in time that can destroy you. divorce and custody issues can be one of those moments. john lemos with the adams law firm brings a quailty person to the field of law. most lawyers see nothing but the money and never truely represent the person, john is different he is passionate about his profession and his clients. ...”


















superion johnson -                             
“if i could give anna a six, i would. she did everything that i asked and i have no complaints. she answered all of my questions and was good at keeping in touch with me.”


















andrew p -                             
“heather bachman was highly professional and very easy to work with. she kept me informed every step of the way and followed through with everything she said she would do. i highly recommend her for any family law issues you need help with.”


















brooke ayars -                             

read more testmonials
read more
our family law servicesat the adams law firm, our katy family law attorneys have decades of experience helping texans through the twists and turns of family life, with legal services for divorce, child support, and beyond. while each case is different, we approach each one with the same hard work, respect, and creative thinking. we handle a wide variety of family law cases, including:adoptionschild custody & supportdivorceenforcementsprenuptial agreementsspousal supportprotective ordersasset divisionchild protective servicesgrandparents’ rightspaternitymodificationscontempt of courtvisitation
the adams law firm difference
more than 35 years of experiencesince 1977, our katy divorce attorneys have served clients throughout the greater houston area with dedication and skill.
top family lawyers
by h-texas magazinerecognized as leaders in the field, we have been voted top lawyers in family law for the houston area. we are known for skilled, dedicated advocacy.
av preeminent®
ratingour firm has garnered this top peer rating from martindale-hubbell® due to a reputation for meeting the highest standards in ethics and legal excellence.
personalized
representationour firm has garnered this top peer rating from martindale-hubbell® due to a reputation for meeting the highest standards in ethics and legal excellence.get years of experience in your cornerdeciding to file for divorce - or being served with divorce papers - can stir up a range of emotions. some feel freed, others feel crushed, and many, regardless of the emotions, simply do not know where to turn. at adams law firm, we are proud to have represented countless clients during the past 35 years who we assisted in obtaining favorable resolutions to their divorce proceedings. our team of katy divorce attorneys stands ready to provide you with the outstanding representation you deserve. whether you are filing for divorce or have been handed divorce papers, you can count on our team to assist you.grounds for divorce in texasin the state of texas, there are a few different reasons that you can state as grounds for divorce. depending on your situation, it can be important to work with an attorney to determine which may be the best legal route to take. grounds for divorce in texas include:living apartinsupportabilitycrueltyadulteryconviction of a felonyabandonmentconfinement in a mental hospitalthe most common ground for divorce is the claim of insupportability, which means that a court can grant a divorce if evidence is proven that the two spouses cannot reach agreeable terms in their relationship. in these cases, the couple may have attempted to salvage the marriage through counseling or marital support but simply could not succeed together.types of divorcesour firm assists clients who can agree on everything and want to remain outside the court system (collaborative divorce), those who can agree on almost everything and simply need the input of mediators or the court system to resolve the last few items of contention (agreed divorce), and those who cannot agree on much of anything and need to take their case before a judge or jury to have the case resolved (contested divorce). we are here to guide you in your determination of the best path forward for you and your family and can help you accomplish your goals using one or more of the methods described above. do not hesitate to contact our team today to speak with a katy divorce attorney and ensure that you receive the support you need during your divorce proceedings.reasons to hire a divorce attorneydivorce can be an incredibly complex process with a myriad of applicable laws, deadlines, and paperwork – all of which can carry a large margin for error. even simple clerical mistakes when filing divorce papers can have massive consequences, resulting in setbacks or even causing you to lose out on a portion of your entitled marital property. at adams law firm, we are intimately familiar with the process of divorce and can help you navigate through its complexities with accuracy and utmost care.our divorce lawyers can provide the following services and benefits:gathering necessary documentsaccurately and promptly completing paperworkpresenting dispute resolution optionsmeeting all legal deadlinesprotecting your assetsnegotiating child custody arrangementspreparing visitation ordersaccompanying you to court-appointed conferencesinforming you of all developments in your casehelping you prepare for divorceif you are considering divorce, or if you have just been served with divorce papers, it is vital you take certain steps to prepare for the road to come. your first priority should be to get organized and begin collecting the necessary documentation. this includes financial documents, property deeds, bank statements, birth certificates of any children you and your spouse may share, business documents, tax returns, and any prenuptial or postnuptial agreements you may have. our attorneys can help you with this process and provide you with a full list of required documents.in addition, it is important you watch what you say and do during this time, especially online. electronic communications such as text messages, social media posts, and emails can be submitted as evidence during divorce and impact the outcome of divorce proceedings. for example, badmouthing your spouse on facebook or posting photos with a new significant other during divorce can prompt a judge to favor your spouse and see you in an unsavory light, potentially impacting issues such as spousal support, asset distribution, or even child custody. as a general rule of thumb, do not post or send anything that you would not want a judge to see.modifying your divorce arrangementwhile a divorce decree carries the enforceability of law, it is by no means set in stone forever. post-divorce modifications may be issued if a considerable change in circumstances should present itself for either spouse. issues that may be renegotiated include spousal support, child custody arrangements, child support, and visitation.a modification may be requested for numerous reasons, including:loss of employmentsubstantial increase or decrease in incomeremarriage of a spouseillness or disabilitycriminal incarcerationrelocation of a spousethe impact of divorce on your childrenmost parents’ main concern during divorce is the impact their separation will have on their children’s lives. as family dynamics shift and parents change residences, it is imperative to keep in mind the best interests of your children during this tumultuous time. at adams law firm, our katy custody lawyers understand fully the importance of your children’s safety and happiness and are prepared to do everything within our power to ensure a smooth transition for them during your divorce. from determining
child custody to negotiating visitation arrangements, we are prepared to make every effort to secure an outcome that ensures their wellbeing and protects your right to maintain an active presence in their lives.
contact us to discuss your situation
send us an email and we’ll back to you as soon as possible to go over your legal needs. our pricing is fair, reasonable, efficient.  name*phoneemail*
your message* 






δ 
follow the firm









 katy office
adams law firm
23501 cinco ranch boulevard
suite h205
katy, tx 77494
view map phone: 281-391-9237

 quick linkshomemeet our teampractice areashow the divorce process works in texasfaqstestimonialscontactprivacy policy
 areas servedcinco ranchcumingsfour cornersfulshearpecan groverichmondsealyhempsteadsugar land
 family law blog
what are the rules for supervised visitation in texas?
protective order vs. restraining order in texas family law
win a restraining order hearing in texas
how long does a restraining order last in texas?
no fault divorce in texascopyright 2025 adams law firm. all rights reserved. sitemap|privacy policy

powered by















                    



