






home


































































homedealerssupply order formdebit card registrationformsagentscompany infoawards & recognitionscontact usgolf outingmeet the team training classesarchived training videos

















next trainingtbd
...stay tuned 
annual f&i golf outingaugust 2025registration coming soon!watch 2024 outing highlightswhat we dowe help our customers make more money, be more efficient and do it the right way!gapcovers the shortfall between a car's value & what you owe in case of loss. read moreservice contractextends protection for repairs & maintenance beyond the the factory warranty. read morelife & disabilitymakes loan payments if the borrower becomes ill or pays off balance in death. read moretire & wheelinsures against damage to tires & wheels, often caused by road hazards. read morewindshieldrepair/replace damaged windshields due to cracks, chips, or other hazards. read moredentless repairprofessionally removes dents, restoring their appearance without bodywork. read morepaint & fabsafeguards your vehicle's exterior & interior, covering damage to paint and upholstery. read morekeys/fobscovers the cost of replacing lost, stolen, or damaged car keys and key fobs. read moreanti-thefttechnology designed to deter, detect, or prevent theft of vehicles or their contents. read more   plus many morea personal commitment dealers resources is a dedicated f&i solutions provider serving automotive dealerships since 1986. with our 37+ years of experience and a deep understanding of the automotive industry, we offer innovative and comprehensive solutions to help our partners succeed by maximizing car owners' satisfaction with industry-leading f&i solutions tailored for each dealership.core values(hover over image)
reliableconsistently good in quality or performance.able to be trusted. we understand that when a client makes a request, it is our obligation to fulfill that request urgently, efficiently and appropriately.  we follow that request through completion and communicate progress through the process. we do what we say we will do when we say we will do it by.  we understand that our clients and co-workers are comfortable calling us partners because they know we help them do their jobs better and more efficiently.
integrityethical;  morally good or correct; the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles; moral uprightness.we are not tempted to make short term decisions that don’t benefit the company or the client in the long-run. we believe that business can be earned without taking short cuts.
passionbe engaged – greatly interestedour team is passionate about what we do.  we get excited for new business opportunities and look for ways to make ourselves and our company more valuable to our clients and prospects.  we celebrate the successes of others on our team and take pride in what we do.
persistentconsistently and firmly in a course of action in spite of difficulty or oppositionwe understand that earning the right to partner with more clients does not happen overnight. we are confident we have the resources and team to provide the right solution for any of our clients or prospects. persistently pursuing these goals with a disciplined, consistent approach will ultimately get the job done.
servant leadershipto lead by promoting the well being of others.the servant-leader shares power, values needs of others first and helps people develop and perform as highly as possible. we are leaders with our clients and get satisfaction from helping others achieve their goals.
innovativebe engaged – greatly interestedwe believe that staying ahead of the curve is one of our top priorities, more importantly keeping our partners up to date and giving them the best products and ideas to stay ahead of the competition will always be a goal.  technology has certainly changed the way we do business today and our goal is to remain the first in our market to offer the best and most creative opportunities available.










© 1986 - 2025. all rights reserved
privacy policy
terms & conditions
 













 











homedealers
supply order formdebit card registrationformsagentscompany info
awards & recognitionscontact usgolf outingmeet the teamtraining classesarchived training videos






