


celtic southern cross - tune books and accompanying cds



















ã—
home
school
shopping basket
ordering help








celtic southern cross
celtic southern cross is australia and new zealand's
 		supplier to the folk musician


tune books and accompanying cds
australian








begged borrowed and stolen
for years begged borrowed and stolen has been the most commonly used music book 
        in australia for session tunes. this book is recommended as the starting 
        point for musicians new to celtic music.
it is now available on 3 cds to assist with the learning of tunes. each 
        tune in the book is played twice at about three quarter
        pace. ear players will benefit from the clarity of the recording in picking out
        the tunes while those able to read music will be able to play along with the
        musicians to assist with rhythm and timing.the recordings come in a
        sleeve that can be fixed to the inside of the book. included is a list of chord
        and melody variations.
a fourth cd has been added to
        the very popular series by requests as players have been wanting to hear the
        tunes played at dance speed. ian mcleod, leueen morgan and mike watts have
        been joined by luke plumb of shooglenifty, tim gleeson, music under the
        mountains tutors patrick lyons, nicola fortune, tasmanian fiddler angus cameron
        and a number of happy talented students from the school.
        the sets can be used for dances and a list of suitable dances has been provided
        for each track.

we are now offering all 4 cds for the price of three.
we also have been offered a
        set of cues to be able to start 
        the tune easily in a session etc. thanks to summer school whistle student 
        frank basten for offering this as a gift to readers of bb&s




            quantity:  
              book price   $20  
            






            quantity:  
              4 cd price   $35   csc01 4cd   
            



 



            quantity:  
              book and 4cd set   $50   csc02 bk/4cd
            













celtic southern cross 
    phone: 0408 370 603
    email  music@celt.com.au





 