









































↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.











search for:





 


 


home
new to lubbock?
news & announcements
2024 conventions
join email list
texas gop
rnc




home 




 



keep up with the latest news and announcements here.
new to lubbock? click here.
2024 lcrp platform as adopted in convention

welcome
chairman david bruegel
welcome, and thanks for visiting the lubbock county republican party webpage.
if you are interested in helping us get republicans elected, join our email list.
we also have multiple affiliate organizations as well, and we do our best to have a good time while working hard to keep our area and state republican.
if you need more information, please give us a call at 806-797-3197.
may god bless texas and our united states of america!
david bruegel
chairman
lubbock county republican party


how to participate in party affairs:
first, anyone who has voted in the republican primary, either on election day or through early voting, may attend and participate in their voting precinct’s precinct convention (details on these will be posted on the conventions page when appropriate.) it is through this process that one becomes a delegate to the county, or district, convention.
second, any registered voter may file, directly with the party’s county chairman or secretary, an application to be placed on the ballot as a candidate for precinct chairman for the voter’s precinct of residence. filing deadlines may be obtained by contacting the party offices. precinct chairman, different from precinct convention chairman, are elected by the voters of their precinct and serve a two-year term as members of the county executive committee. (precinct convention chairman are elected at the precinct convention and simply chair that meeting and lead their delegation at the county convention.)
third, a person wishing to be notified of candidate visits, party events or wanting to volunteer for party work, should join our email list. we use our email list to announce events, put out calls for volunteers, and let you know important local gop news.

contact
lubbock county republican party
liberty plaza
2642 34th street
lubbock, texas 79410





telephone: 806-797-3197




email: office@lubbockgop.org




visit us on facebook: tba




our x feed: tba






 paid for by the lubbock county republican party
www.lubbockgop.org
not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee.
there are several local affiliated organizations but they often change their online locations and url's, or drop them completely, as they change leadership making it difficult to provide you with links. we leave it up to each organization to provide us updated information.
 



join our email list: 

 lcrp news & announcementstownhall with rep. carl tepper & a trump inauguration watch party – lubbock co. republican partylubbock co. election day voting locations 11/5/2024more trump signs at the lubbock co. republican party hqearly voting begins in lubbock co. republican party updatesenator cruz in lubbock this week – lubbock co. republican party updatenotice of lubbock gop organizational meeting 

lubbock county is in the: 
19th congressional district of texas
28th texas senatorial district (sd28)
texas house:
district 83, a multi-county district (hd83)
district 84, within lubbock county (hd84)
state board of education district 15
7th court of appeals district
high plains water conservation district #1

key documents 
2018 lubbock county platform (latest having been provided) 
(pdf)

lcrp executive committee resolution on lubbock storm water runoff costs adopted 
3/24/2015 
(pdf)

lcrp resolution on property tax control & local gov't growth - march 2015 
(pdf)
 




© copyright 2015 lubbock county republican party         
 
 

↑




