







academy jkd

























































academy jkdlearn everything about self defense, martial arts, and everything in this area 



home
martial arts
fight clubs
self defense
female martial arts
courses
 





search







males expect to see these qualities in cheap london escorts with long legs after hiring them
how to satisfy a woman in bed
why london stands out as a unique place to enjoy cheap and hot japanese overnight escorts
what role-playing games will make sex passionate
why women fake orgasms and what to do if you don’t feel like pretending




please follow & like us :)


 



 




february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 
 

side menu
contact me
disclosures
privacy policy
terms of use
 

links

cosmopolitan
redbookmag
teen vogue



share



resources

cnn
europeana
europeana



donate





get new posts by email








 


https://youtu.be/i5iw7gvd0zu 

 "martial arts" – google news
five reasons morocco’s ilias ennahachi is one of the biggest kickboxing stars in the world - morocco world news february 18, 2025five reasons morocco’s ilias ennahachi is one of the biggest kickboxing stars in the world  morocco world newsb.c.-based mixed martial artist bibiano fernandes to retire - cbc.ca february 18, 2025b.c.-based mixed martial artist bibiano fernandes to retire  cbc.ca10 awesome martial arts movie fights that take place in the snow - screen rant february 18, 202510 awesome martial arts movie fights that take place in the snow  screen rantalleged abuse at martial arts school sparks outrage, push to change state law - times union february 18, 2025alleged abuse at martial arts school sparks outrage, push to change state law  times unionjean silva is the ufc seattle fighter to watch - dazn.com february 18, 2025jean silva is the ufc seattle fighter to watch  dazn.comcommunity organizers seek to promote martial arts to curb violence in cúcuta - footboom february 18, 2025community organizers seek to promote martial arts to curb violence in cúcuta  footboomrayna vallandingham impresses fans with martial arts skills – 13-time champion shines in 'cobra kai' - the times of india february 18, 2025rayna vallandingham impresses fans with martial arts skills – 13-time champion shines in 'cobra kai'  the times of india 








males expect to see these qualities in cheap london escorts with long legs after hiring them

july 30, 2023 by valente lorenzo·0 comments



when you pay for any service then you expect something against your payment and same gets cheap london escorts with long legs likewise. so, when men pay cheap london escorts with long legs for their hot services, then they hope few things from this hot service and i am sharing those things below with you. and if you are a female and wish to sign up with cheap london escorts with long legs work, then you need to have these qualities in you.
hot body and sex legs: hot body and attractive legs are the most necessary requirement that all the men expect when they pay cheap london escorts with long legs for their services. so, we can say hot if some woman or cheap london escorts with long legs sexy does not have sex legs then she might not get a yes from numerous guys. we can also say that women need to have attractive legs to work in london as cheap and hot escorts and if they do not have sexy legs, then they might not get a job in this work domain.
spirited and witty nature: along with hot body and attractive legs, men likewise desire those girls that have lively and witty nature. when they pay cash to cheap london escorts with long legs, then they wish to get a female partner who has witty nature also together with other qualities. for that reason, if we would say that men expect to see amusing nature in their paid or cheap london escorts with long legs, then there is nothing incorrect in that statement.
fully grown nature: although all hot girls operating in london for cheap london escorts with long legs companies look more youthful however they are fully grown enough in their skills. that’s why when guys get cheap london escorts with long legs for their fun activities in london, then they get just matured ladies. this is another reason due to the fact that of which men expect a fully grown nature from these lovely companions while hiring them after providing the payment for this particular service or experience.
independent: this is something that has absolutely nothing to do with sexy cheap london escorts with long legs since guys prefer a lady who lives her life on her independent guidelines. that means when guys pay the cash to fume or attractive partners from cheap london escorts with long legs, then they hope the very same quality in those girls likewise. and much like sexy body and hot legs, they quickly get this quality in all the ladies that work as paid companions for this specific service.
so, if you believe you have these qualities in addition to hot legs and you are confident on your skills, then you can make a lot of money with this choice. and to join this business you just need to discover a good firm such xlondonescorts and then you can sign up with the work with them. to get more information about this company you can go to www.xlondonescorts.co.uk and you can have details quickly. after that you can talk with them, you can ask more about their work and you can share your requirements also with them and they will assist you in your requirement in simple manner.
cheap rate and excellent services of the cheap london escorts with long legs provoke my feeling a lot
exemplary nights kindle my heart when i am in my native place after coming from london. yes, it holds true since very nights had gone with the london escorts and i enjoyed … full article  




how to satisfy a woman in bed

july 3, 2023 by valente lorenzo·0 comments



not everyone uses these simple tips. be special!
find out wishes
every woman needs something different for an orgasm, but not everyone is comfortable talking about it to a partner. so don’t try to guess if you can find out directly. she definitely knows this better than anyone, so just asking is enough. for example, what positions she prefers, where she should be touched, and where she should not be, and so on.
even if she really liked something last time, this does not mean that she always wants it, because the mood also changes. so feel free to clarify.
take care of the atmosphere
clutter in the room can kill desire no worse than bad breath. a potential partner may simply disdain to lie down on soiled sheets or a stained sofa. of course, it is not necessary to polish the chandelier before the girl arrives, but it is better that the debris does not peek out from all surfaces.
make time for foreplay
foreplay increases arousal, causes blood flow to the genitals and increases the amount of lubrication. thanks to this, sex becomes brighter and better. therefore, do not skip an important step if you want to be remembered by your partner.
sex is not a sprint. if orgasm was the only meaning of sex, then people would long ago have been doing it only with special toys.
this does not mean that foreplay should last for hours (although why not). sometimes a few minutes of kissing or light petting is enough to set the right mood.
don’t try to use scripts from porn
real sex is not at all like erotic or porn movies, so you don’t need to take movie scripts as a guide. neither you nor your partner will be able to repeat what you see on the screen and get as much pleasure as it is shown there, so do not try to be a director in bed, but focus on mutual pleasure.
don’t forget about safety
many people are unable to relax because of the fear of pregnancy or sexually transmitted infections. therefore, you should not persuade your partner to refuse a condom, because you do not like it. don’t act surprised when it comes up, and don’t try to get rid of it in the process. at such moments, the session of love simply ends.
add passion and enthusiasm
if you want to kindle passion in a partner, you need to be involved yourself. if a woman considers your mood, then she will be more liberated. especially enthusiasm will come in handy during cunnilingus or penetration.
think beyond your orgasm
sex should not end after a man’s orgasm. although porn teaches us this, but a rare woman ends only from penetration. if you’ve already finished, don’t forget your fingers, toys, or tongue.


a woman is not your hand or a masturbator. you can’t use her body to satisfy your needs and then roll over on the other side, assuming she had a great time too.

if you are not capable of anything after, take care of her pleasure before your finish. after all, if you know for sure that you will get yours, don’t you want your partner to feel good too?

make time for your partner after sex
this period is very important for the perception of the whole date. couples who hug, talk, shower together, or otherwise interact with each other immediately after sex report greater satisfaction with their sex life and relationships in general. do not immediately turn away or leave, stay with your partner … full article  




why london stands out as a unique place to enjoy cheap and hot japanese overnight escorts

june 20, 2023 by valente lorenzo·0 comments



one thing that deep space has offered to the mankind is the diversity not only in cultures however likewise in their appearances. every corner of the world has special people and this is what is making the world a lovely place to be. asia is one part of the world that is known for having a few of the sexiest women worldwide. japan ranks as one of the places where you can discover some of the sexy and hot women. but you do not have to go to japan since london has some hot girls of japanese origin. there are a lot of cheap japanese hot women that operated as overnight escorts in london.
these hot women have whatever that any guy would like to see in a woman. they are beauties who will capture your imagination. they have an unique and well preserved body figure that will make any male go wild. their physical is look is something that will leave lots of men rolling their heads. keep in mind that japanese women are naturally slim and attractive they never ever age. the services of these hot girls are offered at really cheap prices and this just implies that anyone can easily manage to hire these japanese overnight escorts in london.
the quality of service is an assurance from these japanese london hot ladies and overnight escorts in london. you will definitely enjoy their company for the time that you have hired them. these japanese women are professional overnight escorts in london and they know what to do so as to meet their customers’ expectations. most of overnight escorts in london have actually been running in the escort company for years hence they have the necessary experience to keep you entertainment. with these girls, you will definitely understand the worth for your money.
working with these cheap, sexy and hot girls in london is much like taking a walk in the park. there are many opportunities and ways through which you can access these women. initially, bulk of these overnight escorts in london operated under the management of several escort firms. this makes it possible for the interested customers to find these japanese girls from one main place. agencies like the overnight express have a terrific collection of cheap japanese hot girls. this makes it very simple for anyone who has an interest in japanese women an easy access to them. most of these escort representatives really active on the online platform where they run overnight escorts in london that are run 24/7. for example, overnight express operates overnightexpress.org website which displays the pictures of the overnight escorts in london including the cheap hot ladies. by opening this website, the interested customers can choose a few of the hot japanese overnight escorts in london that they enjoy and book for them through this online platform.
so if you need to have some hot time in the company of cheap stunning and hot girls, then london is the ideal place to be. japanese are hot women and they will turn your remain in london into a small paradise full of limitless enjoyable. these beauties have the experience to deal with any customer, they are very elegant and elegant to spend a long time with.
i get overnight escorts in london to have fun with beautiful home maids
i constantly lived in a cottage with my family and we were not rich enough to afford maids for our various services. but a few of my buddies had housemaids in their house and they utilized to have various type of enjoyable … full article  




what role-playing games will make sex passionate

may 22, 2023 by valente lorenzo·0 comments



if sex with a partner no longer seems exciting to you, try playing.
what are role playing games
generally speaking, sexual role play is an activity in which two or more people take on specific roles and act out scenarios based on their sexual fantasies.
however, the word “scenario” should not be taken literally. in some cases, the game can be worked out in advance in detail. in others, it’s just improvisation within the framework of a given role.
the key word here is fantasy.
therefore, some games may contain special costumes and sexual paraphernalia, while others may not. that is, changing the habitual behavior of partners during sex can already be considered a game. so this includes experiments with more aggressive behavior, and even the so-called dirty talk.
why role play
the first and most obvious reason is that the game brings variety to the sex life. yes, at first passions boil and the mere presence of a partner awakens a burning desire. however, often over time, the intensity subsides and this beloved, but already familiar creature ceases to cause a storm of feelings. or sex becomes too repetitive and uninteresting. this is where games come to the rescue.
in some of them, the partners seem to return to the beginning of the relationship. in this case, they usually reenact the stage of seduction. in others, they are aimed at getting new sensations. here, sex toys or unusual practices can come into play, such as bandaging or dominance and submission.
another advantage is more of a psychological property. the point is that during the game, partners can realize their long-standing sexual fantasies. this is a kind of release from obsessions. the result is liberation, relief and, of course, pleasure.
well, the last important bonus is the strengthening of relationships. firstly, because the realization of secret desires, as a rule, becomes the secret of a couple. and secrets give a sense of community. secondly, by playing with a partner, a person overcomes the temptation to get what they want on the side. in his bed is already a stranger, and a longtime object of passion, and anyone else. of course, with the proviso that this “anyone” is ready for the proposed experiments.
what role playing games can you try?
the ideas presented can be a specific clue or starting point. of course, you should only play by your own rules and your own game.
1. strangers
this scenario is especially suited to those who don’t mind trying to have sex with a stranger, but aren’t willing to sacrifice relationships or safety. you can try on a new look, loosen up and experiment. you can play at home, but even more interesting – outside. for example, “accidentally” meet on the street and continue the meeting in a hotel room that is booked in advance.
2. striptease
this relatively innocent erotic performance could well be considered a role-playing game. choose the right outfit and try to get used to the role. by the way, not only a girl can dance.
3. sex with a man from the service industry
this story has been played out a million times in various adult films. a negligent maid missed a spot on the mirror, and a plumber is very hot with a wrench? but there are masseurs, fitness trainers, couriers, waiters and many others. here is the script ready.
4. sex with someone in power
if you were turned on by a physical education teacher in your school years or you know exactly how lyudmila prokofievna should have punished novoseltsev for a bad report, … full article  




why women fake orgasms and what to do if you don’t feel like pretending

april 25, 2023 by valente lorenzo·0 comments



how to tell a partner and show how best.
faking an orgasm can be for various reasons. according to a survey conducted by american scientists in 2019, 58% of women at least once simulated an orgasm during sex. some interviewees noted that they wanted to talk to partners, but were afraid to upset them or were embarrassed. however, an honest conversation can change your sex life for the better.
why do women fake orgasms?
don’t want to upset your partner
in 2013, psychologist erin cooper and colleagues studied the causes of female orgasm imitation . it turned out that some feign pleasure so as not to upset their partner. women wanted him to feel better, not feel guilty, ashamed or embarrassed, and his self-esteem was not affected. 
psychologist karen blair explains that faking an orgasm can also be a “partner retention strategy.” it is accepted in society that women’s pleasure is valued by men, therefore, in order to satisfy them, partners imitate an orgasm.
simulation turns them on
a study by erin cooper found that faking an orgasm aroused women during both oral and penis-vaginal sex. according to the psychologist, the interviewees said that their arousal increased due to their own pretense, and sex became more pleasant.
want to end sex 
in 2011, psychologist gail brewer and her colleague colin hendry conducted a study on women’s screams during a simulated orgasm. interviewees imitated because they were bored, tired, uncomfortable, or simply wanted to speed up their partner’s ejaculation. 
some also commented that the men were so “motivated” that they didn’t want to stop until their partner had an orgasm. in other words, the women were imitating to end the sex faster. 
worried about not being able to reach orgasm
psychotherapist crystal woodbridge claims that some girls are under pressure. they consider orgasm the main goal of sex, because of this they cannot fully relax and enjoy the process. therefore, when a woman realizes that she still won’t be able to achieve orgasm, or that it takes a long time, it’s easier to pretend that she has already enjoyed it. 
what to do if you want to stop pretending
figure out why you pretend 
crystal woodbridge believes that first you need to understand the reasons for the pretense. you need to ask yourself questions: how long has this been going on? was there a fake orgasm with every partner or only with the current one? do you masturbate alone? do you get an orgasm from masturbation? the answers will help to understand the motives, and understand what to do next. 
study yourself
crystal woodbridge explains: to get an orgasm, you need to understand how to come to it. to do this, you need to figure out what you like about sex and spend time alone with yourself. learn what touches and practices you enjoy. in the future, you can try the same thing in sex with a partner. 
how to tell your partner about the simulation 
sexologist isaiah mckimmy advises the following rules:
choose the right time . it is best if neither of you is busy with important matters that can distract you in the middle of a dialogue. it is desirable that both of you are relaxed and ready to give enough attention  to the conversation .
start with the positives. before sharing the news that you faked an orgasm, explain to your partner what you enjoyed. for example, talk about specific practices, about the special closeness that appears between you during sex, or about pleasant touches.
share your feelings. if you are nervous during a conversation, … full article  




stunning girls for a great night out with cheap escorts

december 2, 2022 by valente lorenzo·comments off on stunning girls for a great night out with cheap escorts



visiting london or remaining in london even for a couple of days is something that most of us value and cherish thanks to the incredible infrastructure that makes whatever so practical however more so the destination websites, occasions and entertainment opportunities available. being a company center, most of us are also glad that we get to make several trips to this city to make some cash. nevertheless being alone in this city is not fun which is why getting cheap escorts is essential. london is known for having a lot of cheap escorts who charge exorbitant costs and don’t rather provide top notch services, well, why choose less when you can get female escorts at xlondonescorts.com at an extremely cheap fee of £80 per hour.
for men pussy is extremely important and these cheap escorts guarantee you get as much pussy as you want to tide you over your remain in the city. being a man indicates you have tastes and preferences and that is why with these cheap escorts you are enabled to selected the pussy you want as the cheap escorts originate from different nations and have various body types, hair and eye colour. with the cheap escorts, you are ensured of privacy and confidentiality as they are experts and that is why they will sweetly offer you pussy such that you will thank the paradises for being so generous.
often one pussy is insufficient and its typical understanding that guys are adventurous which is rather excellent as it makes you delight in life more. well if you are in this category, you can have as much pussy from the cheap escorts as you like as you can book two, 3 or more escorts at a go and just your fantasies can restrict you. the cheap escorts are readily available for a better part of the day and there is no reason anyone need to be starved for pussy while in london when you can get some action anywhere you are.
these cheap escorts likewise exercise to stay trim, hot and healthy which must tell you that just like their busts, ass and other parts are toned, the pussy is not left behind and it’s made more delectable by the regular exercise sessions they undertake. the cheap escorts are likewise experienced in the art of pleasuring males and once reserved they make it they sole goal to enjoyment you with their pussies and other things up until you are pleased.
aside from having the best pussy in london, these cheap escorts have so much to use and being beautiful sophisticated and classy, you can take them practically anywhere and enjoy their company while having other males in addition to women envious of your luck in getting the finest woman or girls in town. that said, many men admit that these cheap xlondonescorts have made them addicted to their pussy and beauty and most normally take a detour to london if their present company is not in the city just to experience the pleasures of being with these cheap female hotties.
in london i choose to choose cheap escorts instead entering into any relationship for enjoyable
you can easily find a great deal of men on the street of london that speak about severe relationship and devotion in their relationship. i do not have any problem with these london men, however personally i prefer to stay away from those men, since i don’t want to get contaminated with the virus of major relationship. if we keep the jokes apart, then also i am just opposite to these people of … full article  


posts navigation
1
2
3


















we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 




























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 










