











martial arts in poole & bournemouth- academy of shaolin kung fu








































 















			tel: 07855 199328
email: traininginshaolin@gmail.com
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 
chinese martial arts in the poole and bournemouth area
 
 
 
 


home
what is shaolin?

crane
tiger
dragon
snake
leopard


the academy
training team
training timetable

offers


contact













 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 



the academy’s training promise
 
our mission is to provide martial arts tuition and lessons for fitness, health, discipline, conditioning and street defence in poole bournemouth and the surrounding areas.
our ama qualified martial arts instructors specialise in five animals shaolin style, chin na, junshi sanda, yoga toaist, and chinese kickboxing. we offer regular gradings, street defence scenarios, knife and weapon defence, traditional chinese weapon training and military fitness training.
 
 
 
 



our shaolin animal styles
 
    
 
learn about the animal styles of our traditional chinese shaolin system
 
 
 
 



shaolin
kung fu
 


traditionally taught classes that offer a baseline of fitness and conditioning for martial arts. kung fu really is the original mixed style chinese martial art, specific attention is paid to stances…
read more >
 
 
 

chinese
kickboxing
 


more of a cut down version of kung fu which predominantly focuses on fighting fitness in the context of get out of trouble fast solutions. it’s a partnered training session with mma gloves and thai pads.
read more >
 
 
 

personal
training
 


one to one and small group training sessions are available to increase the learning curve. tailored programmes are structured to take your training forward at a faster pace.
read more >
 
 
 
 


 
 


making contact
 
if you would like to chat about training and the academy, drop us a message on traininginshaolin@gmail.com
or give us a call on 07855 199328 – training is on tuesday evenings and we’d love to hear from you!
 
 
 


 
 
 


where does the academy train?





academy of shaolin kung fu
everyone active,
ashdown leisure centre,
adastral road,
poole, dorset
bh17 8py
telephone: 01202 640333



 



home   |   what is shaolin?   |   the academy   |   training team   |   training timetable   |   contact
 
 
 
 



training times
tuesday 7.00pm – 8.00pm kung fu (beginners)
tuesday 8.00pm – 9.00pm kung fu (intermediate)
website designed and developed by jamie homer
 
 

the academy of shaolin kung fu
everyone active, ashdown leisure centre,
adastral road, poole, dorset bh17 8re
email us on traininginshaolin@gmail.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





twitter





google+





pinterest
























