















online writing courses and retreats for aspiring writers | center for creative writing





































      skip to main content
    










toggle navigation


















main navigation


online writing courses


writing retreats


schedule


teachers

 about


history and mission


contact


email list community


faq




blog




































 






guidance


center teachers are passionate professionals with a combined 72 years of teaching experience and more than 30 published books in various genres.
meet them:



helena clare pittman
teneice durrant
jennifer steil
shawna ayoub
stacia fleegal
















paths


we offer our online writing courses and generative writing sessions year-round in six-week sessions.

february 25
 - april 10


bookings: guided self-publishing for short manuscripts


poetry writing for non-poetry writers


the writer’s eye


writing a small-scale memoir

>> more












 






map


the center blog is teeming with tips and inspiration for starting and maintaining your writing practice.


nonfiction: helena writes #75 on being a starby helena clare pittmananna maria alberghetti, the opera singer, turned up in our bunk on the last day of camp like something out of a dream.

>> more




















 


"my goal was to express myself creatively. the center for creative writing was exactly what i was seeking. now, less than a year after signing up for my first course, i can't imagine my life without it." - kimberly devault
















join a writing community that nourishes your creative spirit.
want to take the first step on your journey to write more and better? join our community to receive advice for aspiring and practicing writers, conversations about how to make and maintain a writing life, access to our monthly photo writing prompt contest, exclusive discounts on center offerings, and more in your inbox every sunday morning.
sign up by email and start writing now.
bonus: join now and receive a year's worth of weekly writing inspiration for free—our welcome gift to you.  >> find out more













 
























online writing courses
our online writing courses are small and stimulating, a vital bridge between the solitude you need to create and the community you need for validation and support.  
.... learn more












writing retreats
no matter where you are in your writing practice, you’ll get the instruction and support you need on one of our transformative getaways.
....  learn more



















 

contact us



























copyright 2020 ~ center for creative writing






































