








heritage mp - top computer hacks for laptop users: chromebooks & pcs



































heritage mp


main menu
skip to content
home 







three important laptop resources


nowadays there are thousands of great resources that individuals can access if they need help with their laptop or pc. in this short article, we are going to briefly talk about three of the most important laptop resources.
1. magazines
computer magazines are a great source of insider knowledge and expert technical tips. if you subscribe to a magazine on an annual basis, you can often save as much as 75% off the cover price and get all the issues delivered directly to your door before the in-store release date. if you prefer to consume your media in digital format, you can subscribe to the e-magazine version of 2018’s most popular computer mags.
2. online forums
online computer forums are arguably one of the best laptop resources on the web. because the forums are often run by and for the users, you can expect to see members online at all times of the day and night. this means you can get an almost instant response to your questions. most forums have no joining fee and anyone is free to sign up and start posting. computer forums can also be a great place to just hang out and discuss the latest develops in the it marketplace.
3. youtube
youtube is a great laptop resource for those who need technical support and hate reading. there are thousands of video tutorials uploaded to the platform and they are all free to watch. you can learn how to do just about anything on your laptop from youtube if you know what to search for. what’s more, you can also ask content creators questions in the comments sections under each video if you need any additional help.
featured above are three popular resources that people can turn to for laptop help. if you are looking for help with choosing a new laptop or desktop, you should check out one of the hundreds of excellent computer buyer guides available on the web.
the majority of buyers guides on the internet are available free of charge and they are packed full of detailed product reviews and comparisons from industry professionals. so, if you are not sure which laptop to buy, seeking out some of these online guides is an exact place to start. you should also consider reading product reviews from current owners in order to discover the real-life benefits and drawbacks of a particular device.
 





laptop computer considerations


laptop computers, also known as notebooks, are typically very lightweight, portable and reasonably priced alternatives to desktop computers.
several retailers online provide valuable resources to shoppers to determine the best pricing and product reviews. ebay and amazon top the list, however, there are several other companies that can be very helpful when attempting to locate the best computing device for your needs.
the old axiom applies here about “you get what you pay for”. deals may come and go, but laptops are still generally higher priced than desktop computers due to their small footprint and miniaturized components. some people are interested in nothing more than checking their email or watching streaming movies, yet too many a laptop is their mobile office. it can be serious business.
a good laptop for basic use is the chromebook, which has a streamlined set of features and is a nice option for more budget-conscious shoppers. it allows connection to thousands of commonly used apps through the chrome browser and despite its lack of any removable media, it can still be a functional device for various usage.
high-ticket notebook computers are rarely on sale or heavily discounted, yet it is possible for diligent shoppers to find bargains using store coupons or special promotions. now, most apple products represent the high-end of the pricing spectrum. deals are typically uncommon, although prior model year product can be discounted at apples’ official reconditioned outlet.
with most buyers turning to places like amazon for reviews, it has become of the best resources to research your next purchase.
determining the right laptop for your needs is not exactly a simple matter due to the endless combination of screen sizes, speed, storage, and many other factors. a few questions you need to ask yourself are:
1. how do you plan on using the device? is it mostly for work use or are you a gamer that requires blistering fast processing speeds?
2. are size and weight a consideration for you? do you travel a lot and need something lightweight and easy to pack into a backpack or carry-on luggage?
3. will you be using specialized software that you need to run directly on your laptop? many applications are browser-based, yet many industries have software that is designed to run on your laptop which may require extra storage and local memory availability.
these are a few of the considerations that need to be explored when looking at laptops.
 





which is better – laptops vs tablets


if you are in the market for a portable electronic device that you can take with you on-the-go and complete work, you are going to be in for a variety of options that you can choose from. nowadays, you might even be able to find smartphones that offer you the capabilities that you might need. however, if you are specifically looking for larger screened devices, you are likely going to narrow down your options to a tablet or laptop. below, we will talk about some of the benefits and drawbacks of each.
benefits of laptops:
1. keyboard
typically, you are not going to find a better keyboard substitute when you are using a tablet that was not specifically meant for typing. while you can certainly connect keyboards to your tablet, they are not designed to work in conjunction with the screen/tablet which means that you are likely going to have a clunky setup. when you invest in the best laptops, the keyboard was designed to work with the screen which is likely going to offer much greater ergonomics and performance.
2. power
you are simply not going to find tablets on the market that can outperform a laptop. this is particularly true if you require a lot of power from your device. if you are going to be doing various processor or graphics intensive things like playing pc games or doing heavy video editing, it is simply not going to be possible to do on your tablet. instead, you are going to need to invest in a laptop with the appropriate specs and power.
drawbacks of laptops:
1. portability
while you are certainly going to get portability compared to a desktop pc, it is not going to be as portable as a tablet. a tablet is going to be a much thinner device and a much lighter device because it is not going to house a keyboard nor heavy components.
2. price
you are typically going to find that laptops are more expensive. however, this is not always going to be the case. it is ultimately going to come down to what you are looking for out of your laptop and/or tablet. with that being said, laptops are typically going to offer a much better price to performance ratio which can effectively make them seem cheaper in comparison since you are getting more for your money.
benefits of tablets:
1. portability
you are going to have much greater portability with a tablet. this is primarily because it is meant to be used without a keyboard physically attached.
2. media consumption
it is going to be a much lighter device and these devices are typically geared more for media and entertainment consumption rather than productivity.
drawbacks of tablets:
1. lack of power
if you are looking to render videos or do anything that requires a lot of processing power, you are likely not going to be able to do it.
overall, there are plenty of things that you should be considering when you are considering either buying a tablet or laptop. however, nowadays there are options on the market that offer a hybrid experience like the surface pro and the ipad pro.
 


 



search for:



 
 



			© heritage mp                         - built with wordpress and hostmarks








