   experienced securities lawyers | serving clients nationwide                                            free consultation:  (800) 259-9010  tap here to call us           shepherd smith edwards & kantas home contact shepherd smith edwards & kantas    home  our firm  attorneys  our staff    what we do  financial product failure  institutional investor claims  professional trader claims  churning  omissions  overconcentration  unsuitability  failure to supervise  breach of fiduciary duty  misrepresentation  investment loss recovery  non-traded reits    blog  resources  videos  faqs  client reviews  leave a review  the investor protector podcast    attorney referrals  español  oficina principal (houston, tx)   acerca de nosotros  tendencias actuales  contáctenos  preguntas frecuentes  deje un comentario  opiniones de clientes    locations  houston, tx  dallas, tx  tampa, fl  san diego, ca  san francisco, ca  denver, co  ridgway, co  buffalo, ny  chicago, il  lexington, ky  gulfport, ms  new orleans, la  portland, or    contact us       free consultation | (800) 259-9010 international via whatsapp: 713-227-2400 (text only)   search   search   search                      contact us regarding your gwg lossescontact us now celebrating 30 years in business advocating for investorscontact us now contact us regarding your northstar lossescontact us now we fight for investors cheated by wall streetcontact us now                northstar financial services (bermuda) - learn more here.se habla español.                                                                                                                            investment fraud & securities lawyersno recovery, no fee - serving clients nationwideexperienced, trusted finra law firm for securities and sec litigation, and investment loss recovery from brokerage firms and financial advisors. free consultation.investigating securities misrepresentations, fraud and misconduct is what we know. it is our focus! helping investors recover their hard-earned investment losses while holding those responsible for the losses is what we do and have done for decades. our securities lawyers and staff have more than 100 years of combined experience in the securities industry and in securities law.most of the attorneys and staff in our securities law firm previously served as nasd/finra licensed financial advisors or as compliance officers of major brokerage firms. this gives us insight into how the securities business operates beyond almost all other law firms.our experienced investment attorneys are devoted to assisting institutional and individual investors nationwide to recover losses caused by the inappropriate actions of investment advisors and their firms.at shepherd, smith, edwards & kantas, llp, our team of dedicated securities lawyers have extensive experience in helping investors who put their trust and financial security in the hands of their financial advisor and brokerage firm. oftentimes this trust can be abused through misconduct, deceit, misrepresentation, or negligence, resulting in financial losses and strain.the financial industry regulatory authority or finra regulates the brokerage industry and administers the arbitration process. our firm handles finra arbitration cases in all 50 states.do you believe the financial losses suffered by you or someone you care about are the result of the mismanagement of investment accounts by a financial advisor or finra brokerage firm?was your business or retirement plan the victim of negligent or conflicted investment counsel, or other wrongdoing?do you want to sue your financial advisor, stock broker or broker/dealer?often, investors are oblivious to the true reasons for or causes of their financial losses, mistakenly attributing their losses to the ebbs and flows of the market, unaware that they are working with a conflicted firm broker and or advisor who has put their own greed or interests ahead of their clients' needs, thus breaching their fiduciary duties. when issues or disputes develop between investors and their broker and/or investment firm, figuring out what the options are and deciding which one is best for a particular situation can feel overwhelming and intimidating. let our team of distinguished and well-regarded stockbroker fraud lawyers and staff work on your behalf to recover your retirement savings, your financial security. it has been the mission and focus of our law firm for over 30 years. we've helped thousands of investors in situations similar to yours and we can help you. ssek has filed over 2,000 finra arbitrations. few firms can say that. few firms have been around long enough and focused securities litigation. we live and breath finra rules and sec or securities exchange commission regulations.we have assisted investors across the u.s., including puerto rico, as well as throughout the world, including countries throughout south and central america, mexico, europe, and asia.many of our clients, both individual and institutional, are referred to our finra attorneys and securities (sec) law firm by their personal lawyer, accountant, or new financial advisor."besides helping the retail investor, our firm has vast experience in representing corporate or other business entities, credit unions and other financial institutions, and municipalities in conflicted underwritings and investment counsel"samuel edwards, partner and past president of piabawhat is brokerage firm or financial advisor misconduct?it may include theft, lying and deceit, but it also includes other types of wrongdoing, such as churning, unauthorized transactions, unsuitable investments and other acts of greed, incompetence and negligence by stockbrokers, financial planners, and others in the securities industry. learn more about common forms of broker misconduct.there are regulations and laws written to protect investors. securities regulators "police" the securities industry and issue fines and suspensions. to recover their losses investors must file claims for recovery. statistics demonstrate that they are far more likely to recover if they are represented by experienced securities lawyers . since investors sign account documents at brokerage firms which almost always contain binding arbitration clauses, most claims against brokerage firms must be resolved in securities arbitration instead of court. learn more about securities arbitration.our primary goal is to represent investors who have lost their savings and retirement when their brokerage accounts were mishandled . our investment and securities fraud attorneys have represented thousands of clients nationwide who were victims of misrepresentations, commission churning, unsuitable investments, unauthorized transactions, execution failures, excessive mark-ups, disappearing funds, botched transfers, web-broker outages, "selling away" from firms, unregistered brokers, unregistered securities, improper margin liquidations, broker bribes, fraudulent research, "boiler room" sales practices, private placements and other wrongful acts. those cases were concerning stocks, bonds, "penny" stocks, "junk" bonds, options, warrants, commodities, mutual funds, reit's, limited partnerships, derivative securities and other investments. we have also handled other types of cases for investors and minority shareholders. more about our firm.click here to learn why the sec doesn't help defrauded investors and why you need to hire a securities fraud attorney to help you recover your losses.click here to learn about common mistakes that investors make when interacting with brokers after they suspect something is wrong.click here if you want to know how retirees are targets for unethical money managers. here is some information about annuities, a prime investment product sold by stockbrokers in recent years partly because of the large commissions the sales generate.location of arbitrations by state."as a former series 7 licensed stockbroker and financial advisor i have seen the good and bad side of the industry. most financial advisors are decent people. often times they are led astray by their own brokerage firm. there have been many instances where the brokerage firm has lied to both the client and the financial advisor. also, your trusted advisor may simply have been negligent and not done the proper due diligence. obviously, there are situations where your broker was just thinking of himself. regardless of which scenario occurred, if you were wronged, you need to seek redress. it's not your fault your advisor was misled by his own employer, and we can always not name the broker in the finra lawsuit if that is needed."kirk smith, partnerour free consultation processthe first thing to know about our consultation, besides being free, is that it is completely confidential.the lawyers at shepherd smith edwards & kantas have dealt with injured investors over the past three decades and are aware of the fragile state someone can be placed into when they have been taken advantage of by a trusted financial or investment advisor.every detail of your ordeal and every document shared will be kept in the strictest confidence. no matter how complex or document-intensive your potential case may be, you will not be charged a single penny for your review and consultation.the last thing an investor who has lost a lot of money wants to do is pay more money to someone they just met over the phone. we get it!our securities lawyers at shepherd smith edwards & kantas will diligently review your file free of charge.our thorough client intake processthe reason you can be assured we will assess your case thoroughly is that we work on a contingency basis. this means that if you, as the consumer, do not get paid for any losses we can recover, then we do not get paid.unless you want to negotiate a separate deal, you will never have to write our investment fraud attorneys a check or wire us a penny. in all candor, most people that contact us do not turn into clients. we are diligent and selective. rest assured if our securities law firm chooses to work with you, it is because we see a big light at the end of the tunnel.we view every case filed as a partnership of sorts. we are thoroughly involved in the process with our clients and are there with you every step of the way. our securities fraud attorneys want to win, for the benefit of our clients and for our own track record which we take seriously.we work to get our clients the best settlements or wins because the more you make, the more we make.in reviewing case documents, our policy is always the more the better. send us every document you have that you believe is remotely pertinent. we will sift through and organize everything. that is our job.we want to make it easy for you to work with us. in this modern age of scanning and email, prospective clients can send us documents from all over the country and internationally. if you are old fashioned and want to mail us your documents, that is fine too.we have offices throughout the united states and we are committed to fighting for investors who have been wronged by their financial advisors and broker-dealers. our securities attorneys and staff stand ready to field your calls, emails, or chats. please contact us online for your free consultation or call us at (800) 259-9010.learn more   about shepherd smith edwards and kantas shepherd, smith, edwards & kantas is a leading securities law and investment fraud law firm located in houston, texas. with many locations, we practice securities law and serve clients both nationally and internationally. our highly experienced securities attorneys are dedicated to providing the best legal services possible.learn more   practice areas  financial product failureinstitutional investor claimsprofessional trader claimschurningunsuitabilityomissionsoverconcentrationbreach of fiduciary dutyfailure to superviseinvestor claimsview more       complete team approachwe are a multi-lawyer firm, not just a solo practice. our staff is experienced and dedicated in securities law. together we serve our clients above and beyond. no recovery, no feeour securities lawyers typically work on a contingency fee basis; if you recover nothing, you pay no legal fees. over 100 years experiencecollectively, the members of our team have worked for dozens of securities firms, including almost every major brokerage firm on wall street.        featured investigation emerson equity wholesalers that pitched gwg l bonds leave the firm leading broker-dealer pitched regional broker-dealers to sell these risky junk bondssecurities lawyers at ssek are investigating emerson equity wholesalers that pitched risky junk bonds. according to investmentnews, a review of brokercheck data suggest several emerson equity wholesalers across the us have left the firm since the beginning of 2022.  view more    current investigations  






annuities fraud lawyers 




failure to supervise attorneys 




bond loss attorneys 




houston unsuitability loss attorneys 




l bond fraud attorneys  



view more»


       client reviews       ★★★★★   "i am going to miss conversations with you, sam edwards. you’ve been a wonderful lawyer and a friend. i loved learning legal jargon from you. but, even more, it is your self-respect and commitment to your position that i admire and your persistent patience-your equanimity. with great appreciation, thank you!"   m.b.     ★★★★★   "my experience with ryan cook has been very positive. through every step of the litigation he explained what to expect to happen. when i spoke with him later he reviewed the process. he was very patient, and i never felt rushed. i have already told friends how wonderful he is."   l.r.     ★★★★★   "i want you to know that i very much appreciate your expertise, hard work, and guidance that led to a satisfactory resolution with raymond james. from our first meeting, i felt "heard" and that my situation and story were respected. every subsequent interaction i had with any of you - in person, via email, or by phone - only corroborated that feeling. what great work you do on behalf of people like me who have been wronged, yet don't know how to navigate the appeals/mediation/arbitration process as you do. i will be forever grateful."   m.l.     ★★★★★   "good positive experience. guided us through a difficult process and was pleased with the outcome. everyone i dealt with was exceptional."   a.g.     ★★★★★   "good intelligent attorneys who never miss a beat. i set my expectations high, and they delivered above and beyond. do not miss the opportunity to let ssek represent you. top-notch, efficient and effective firm."   s.m.             view more  submit a law firm client review     our team kirk g. smithsamuel b. edwardsdavid millerryan cook   investors lawyers blog  






annuities fraud lawyers 
did your broker-dealer sell you northstar financial services (bermuda)? there is still time to explore your legal options shepherd smith edwards and…




failure to supervise attorneys 
did you suffer investment losses while working with investment advisor thomas chadwick investors file finra lawsuit against fidelity brokerage…




bond loss attorneys 
are you an investor who sustained losses in gk 7% bonds?â contact our bond loss attorneys to help determine whether you have grounds for a claim…



    contact us  1  free consultation 2  no recovery, no fee 3  over 100 years experiencefill out the contact form or call us at (800) 259-9010  to schedule your free consultation.       name (required)    email (required)    phone (required)    message         
  contact us now                          contact us for information on our fees. main office1010 lamar st #900houston, tx 77002   phone: (713) 227-2400  fax: (713) 583-1217  toll free: (800) 259-9010  contact us for information on our fees. western colorado241 s elizabeth st #500ridgway, co 81432   phone: (970) 239-7085  contact us for information on our fees. denver1700 lincoln st #2710denver, co 80203   phone: (720) 439-2827  contact us for information on our fees. portland621 sw morrison st #1050-bportland, or 97205   phone: (971) 285-3075  contact us for information on our fees. gulfport2118 18th st #100gulfport, ms 39501   phone: (228) 206-2493  contact us for information on our fees. tampa407 n howard ave #201atampa, fl 33606   phone: (813) 560-2992  contact us for information on our fees. san diego1545 hotel cir s #150-1san diego, ca 92108   phone: (619) 550-4847  contact us for information on our fees. chicago141 w jackson blvd #3550achicago, il 60604   phone: (312) 462-4176  contact us for information on our fees. buffalo sheridan meadows corporate park south6225 sheridan dr #308-bbuffalo, ny 14221   phone: (716) 261-3529  contact us for information on our fees. dallas founders square900 jackson st #440-adallas, tx 75202   phone: (214) 613-5306  contact us for information on our fees. new orleans lakeway two3850 n causeway blvd #200-bmetairie, la 70002   phone: (504) 324-0252  contact us for information on our fees. lexington216 e reynolds rd #clexington, ky 40517  phone: (859) 810-0266  contact us for information on our fees. san francisco1 embarcadero ctr #500san francisco, ca 94111  phone: (415) 287-0877  attorney advertisingwe serve the following localities: atlanta, baltimore, boston, chicago, dallas–fort worth, denver, detroit, houston, los angeles, miami, new york city, philadelphia, phoenix, san bernardino-riverside, san diego, san francisco, seattle, st. louis, tampa–st. petersburg, and washington, d.c. view more     home   disclaimer   privacy policy   site map   contact us     experienced securities lawyers | serving clients nationwide  this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact form, text message, or voicemail. the contact form sends information by non-encrypted email, which is not secure. submitting a contact form, sending a text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an attorney-client relationship. copyright © 2025,  shepherd smith edwards & kantas, llp   justia law firm website design                           