






sam barber – artist























  





 

 

skip to content
home
biography
paintings

gallery | landscapes
gallery | cities/towns

gallery  |  california collection


gallery  |  figures
gallery | seascapes
gallery | still life


the studio
collections
contact
 



 

  
  





 

 

 

   


 

   



 about sam barber  sam barber sees the world differently than you or i. step into his home or studio and the dancing lights and the wondrous symphony of colors transport you to another time and place. sam was born in europe and came to the united states when he was four years old. he first became aware of art as a way of expressing what he saw and felt when he was about five years old. sam went on to art school and people began to notice the unique qualities of his work. he was something special. even before he began to study art formally, sam realized that this was all he wanted to do with his life. 
 |     read more.   

 the art galleries  


 

 	

landscapes 
 
 





 

 	

cities/towns 
 
 





 

 	

figures 
 
 





 

 	

seascapes 
 
 





 

 	

still life 
 
 





 

 	

the studio 
 
 




 words from the artist  being an artist allows me to communicate and express what i see in nature. it lets me absorb the beauty and replay it on canvas.

working with a kaleidoscope of colors is a way of expressing the changes that happen in life, both with nature and people. as an impressionist artist, my work tries to capture the visual and emotional spirit of the moment. all my life i have been very sensitive to the nuances of emotion and mood. maybe it's because i am an aries and left-handed in a right-handed world. whatever the reason, i feel very fortunate to have this quality. this empathy has helped me to translate these feelings into my paintings.

in the end, my true rewards are seizing a moment of beauty from this incredibly complex and wonderful world, bringing that interval of joy to people, and seeing that emotional connection in their eyes.  
 ~ sam barber   
 
 

 





sambarberfinearts@yahoo.com
|  1112 main street,  osterville, ma  02655  |
phone: 508-648-8228
2018 © copyright sam barber. images and artwork may not be used without written permission of the artist.  designed by capewhits website design 
	powered by nirvana &
	  wordpress.
  















