





concrete concepts








































































skip to content











 


 




						(510) 234-6486					














 




						info@ccdmix.com					











 


facebook
 



instagram
 


















 









menu

 

home
about
services
portafolio
colors
blog
contac us
















 


 






concrete concepts & design
 



the new concept in decorative concrete 






who we are? 






who we are 



if you are looking for something special, or have an idea 
we can pour into concrete, we can help you. 






 






 



bathroom sink 







 



kitchen 







 



fireplace 







 



garden furniture 











and much more... 






 


 previous slide


 next slide















concrete concepts & design 



 concrete concepts & design has a portfolio that includes commissions from architects and designers for residential and commercial projects around the world from concrete countertops, sinks, fireplace surrounds, planters, tiles and much more. our product is entirely handmade and has the look and feel of natural stone.we are so passionate about what we do and spend so much time on every piece we create, allowing us to recall many details about each piece of art we have created. 











kitchen countertops
 



levate your kitchen with our highly customizable and durable countertops, expertly crafted to suit your unique style. as the top concrete countertop installers in the bay area, we bring unparalleled expertise to transform your culinary space. explore the beauty of bespoke design and superior quality with our concrete kitchen countertops service in san francisco. 






view service











 

























sinks 



one of the easier ways to get creative, concrete vanities and sinks can create a statement for an entire bathroom and kitchen. concrete sinks can be formed into virtually any shape, as long as they will drain water. there are many wild ‘standard’ vanity sink molds and we provide custom sinks, made specifically for you. 






view portfolio















furniture
 



you read that right! we can create concrete tables, concrete chairs, concrete fire pits, concrete water features and more. also you can have a unique kitchen countertop that will be the envy of your friends. come to our showroom and customize your countertops from color all the way to edges. 






view services





































other service 



on top of our precast concrete offerings, we can also turn existing concrete into beautiful, tough and clean floors or beautify and fix issues on patios, fireplace surrounds, planters, tiles and much more. 






contact us















							the possibilities are endless!						



entirely handmade
 



							our product is entirely handmade and has the look and feel of natural stone.						






view services











							because it is simple.						



premium quality 



							we offer the best customer service in the industry along with premium quality.						






view services











less is more. 



experience 



our employees are involved in all phases of operations from design to installation. 






view services





























 




						residential projects					


						we specialize in creating custom decorative precast concrete for our clients, such as concrete countertops, concrete vanities and sinks, concrete firepits, concrete furniture, etc.					









 




						commercial projects					


						we specialize in creating custom decorative precast concrete for commercial projects, such as concrete countertops, concrete furniture, concrete decorations, etc.					














we create quality products that enrich the lives of others 










contact us!

















 







contact info 



 



 
(510) 234-6486





 
info@ccdmix.com





 
717 ohio ave, richmond, ca 94804, usa











quick links 







 
countertop contractors san francisco











 
concrete kitchen countertop in san francisco
























copyright © 2023 concrete concepts & designs 









 









developed by why not? marketing agency 































