     ford dealer in portsmouth, nh | new & used car dealer                               


 




                                              portsmouth ford        sales 603-433-1221    service 603-433-1221  parts 603-427-3027      400 spaulding turnpike, route 16portsmouth, nh 03801                                     service        map        contact                       portsmouth ford                 call 603-433-1221   directions                       new   search inventory   value your trade   custom factory order     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned inventory    vehicles under $20k   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   ford blue advantage program   motortrend certified dealer   why buy used?     ev hub   ev hub   ev buying guide   ev affordability   ev range & batteries   ev tax credits   ev service & maintenance   charging your ev   ford ev models     finance    our finance department   apply for financing   buying v. leasing   section 179 tax savings     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   ford mobile service   ford pickup & delivery   order parts   ford recall information   auto body center     specials   specials   discounted vehicles   service & parts specials   ford discount programs     sell/trade   research   research   keepin' it new for you advantage program   the deal jacket: what's in it?   why buy ford?   is now a good time to buy a car?   the advantages of buying a new car vs. used   ford upgrades     about us   about us   about portsmouth ford   why buy from portsmouth ford?   in the community   no dealer fees guaranteed   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   contact us                     home   new   search inventory   value your trade   custom factory order     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned inventory    vehicles under $20k   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   ford blue advantage program   motortrend certified dealer   why buy used?     ev hub   ev hub   ev buying guide   ev affordability   ev range & batteries   ev tax credits   ev service & maintenance   charging your ev   ford ev models     finance    our finance department   apply for financing   buying v. leasing   section 179 tax savings     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   ford mobile service   ford pickup & delivery   order parts   ford recall information   auto body center     specials   specials   discounted vehicles   service & parts specials   ford discount programs     sell/trade   research   research   keepin' it new for you advantage program   the deal jacket: what's in it?   why buy ford?   is now a good time to buy a car?   the advantages of buying a new car vs. used   ford upgrades     about us   about us   about portsmouth ford   why buy from portsmouth ford?   in the community   no dealer fees guaranteed   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   contact us               
       disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                    











inventory
portsmouth ford



inventory




portsmouth ford new inventory





portsmouth ford used inventory





portsmouth ford schedule service





portsmouth ford value your trade













service
portsmouth ford



schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and
certified.




service





schedule





specials













     search new inventory     search used inventory        



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





super duty





f-150





bronco





bronco sport





explorer





escape





edge





expedition





maverick





f-150 lightning





ranger





mustang





mach-e





e-transit





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory


     




finance









value your trade









schedule test drive






     

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 50 straight years.

since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. up-to-the-nanosecond technology. and jaw-dropping capability. leading the way for 40 straight years is grueling, intense and tough. yeah. just the way f-series likes it.

view inventory





       
      


a car you can call new

we call it ford certified pre-owned (cpo). you'll call it peace of mind. that's because every cpo vehicle comes with a 172-point inspection, carfax® vehicle history report, and comprehensive and powertrain limited warranties. there's added value to a ford certified pre-owned vehicle.

shop certified





     

portsmouth ford
ford dealer in portsmouth, nh


providing quality new and used cars at fair prices is what car dealerships are known for. but here at portsmouth ford, your ford dealer in new hampshire, we like to think we do much more than that. we are proud members of the portsmouth community, so it's like you are coming to see family when you stop in. we treat every customer with the greatest level of respect. so yes, you can get quality new and used cars in portsmouth, nh, along with service specials. we are happy to see you, whether you have business to do with us or not. seeing the smiling faces of the people of portsmouth and the surrounding areas is what keeps us going strong year after year!

more about us


     

at portsmouth ford, we provide excellent automotive services to portsmouth area drivers and the surrounding communities. our team can help you find the perfect vehicle for your lifestyle, budget, and needs. we offer the best shopping experience, quality service, and customized financing plans to ensure the car-buying process and car ownership are simple, enjoyable, and stress-free.
top quality new vehicles 
drivers looking for a new vehicle can trust the team at our dealership to help them find exactly what they're looking for. we stock the latest, most popular, and most reliable ford vehicles on site, including the new ford maverick, the ford escape, the ford bronco, the ford mustang, and the ford f-150. we have everything from pickup and super-duty trucks, transit commercial vehicles, and sports cars to suvs, adventure vehicles, and more.
when you visit our showroom, you can explore your favorite model, take it on a test drive, and then drive it home the same day. all new vehicles qualify for our keepin' it new for you advantage program, which includes key replacement, cosmetic wheel repairs, roadside assistance, windshield repairs, and more.


portsmouth ford: your first choice local ford dealership 
portsmouth ford has provided customer-centered service to portsmouth, boston, exeter, hampton, dover, and the surrounding communities since 1992. whether you're looking for a new ford sedan, truck, commercial vehicle, suv, or quality pre-owned option, we can help you find the perfect fit. we ensure a hassle-free buying experience, the largest selection of new and quality preowned vehicles, no dealer or dock fees, and certified sales staff.
a dealership committed to the local community
at portsmouth ford, we've served the local community for over 30 years. our dealership supports local events and community initiatives and is dedicated to uniting community members to improve the area. we support gather food bank, which provides meals and food security to areas of maine and new hampshire.
we also support the my breast cancer support foundation, the dempsey center, boston children's hospital, toys for tots, portsmouth high school, our local portsmouth police department, the fire department, and the military.



quality vehicle service and customized financing 



service you can trust 
at the portsmouth ford service center, our certified technicians will keep your vehicle in optimal condition year-round. we offer essential maintenance services, including oil and filter services, battery inspections, general automotive care, brake repair, heating and ac maintenance, cooling system and radiator repairs, and more.
we offer service specials to make maintaining your vehicle more affordable. we also have a convenient pickup and delivery service so that vehicle maintenance doesn't have to interfere with your daily routine.


personalized financing plans 
the team in our financing department is committed to helping every driver get the right financing plan for their new vehicle. they can give you more information about the advantages of buying or leasing a vehicle, the trade-in process, and your financing options.
you can complete your finance application online to skip the in-person paperwork, and we'll do the rest to ensure an efficient car-buying experience. we also have a payment calculator where you can approximate your total costs upfront. our team is committed to ensuring you get the vehicle you love at an exceptional price.


     
sales hours
    monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 6:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 5:00pm        although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures portsmouth ford | 400 spaulding turnpike, route 16, portsmouth, nh 03801 | sales: 603-433-1221 |                
































                   