







unclaimed life insurance search - american mutual, amerus and central life














american mutual life missing policy search 

        unclaimed life insurance
        


      - cash, stock & 





      policy 


benefits





 


















american mutual life / 
        amerus 
 unclaimed 
        policies & demutualization 
        compensation













american mutual life insurance - amerus - 
      central life assurance -
      
      indianapolis life


central life assurance merged with american 
      mutual in 1994. american mutual life 
      was renamed  amerus life insurance company in 1995. on september 20, 2000, it demutualized to become
      
amerus group. 

demutualization is the process 
      of converting a mutual life insurance company, owned by its 
      policyholders, to a publicly traded stock company owned by shareholders, 
      pursuant to a plan of conversion approved by government 
      regulators.




      the amount  paid to each policyholder is 
      based on a number of factors, including length of time the policy has been in force,  face value of the policy, and total premiums paid.
      for many policyholders, 
      the windfall arising from demutualization can be substantial, but 
millions of missing policyholders and heirs aren't 
      aware they are entitled to receive  compensation. 


approximately 300,000 policyholders and heirs 
      became entitled to receive $452 million in amerus group common stock and 
      $340 million in cash and policy credits. it is highly recommended that current and former policyholders and heirs - the majority of whom 
      are unaware they're entitled to 
      unclaimed policy benefits, stock and cash - initiate a 
missing 
      policy search
distribution began on july 31, 2001. eligible policyholders received a fixed component 
      of 20 amerus common shares, as well as a variable component based on 
      policy value. those who elected to receive cash were compensate $26 per 
      share entitlement. in the first year after the initial public offering, 
      the price of an amerus common share increased 99%. the current value of amerus 
      group stock is approximately $45 per share.
      











◄ click binoculars 
      for a lost life insurance policy search






between one-quarter and 
      one-half of all life insurance policies go unclaimed, 
      because it is generally up to family members to notify the 
      insurance company when a policyholder dies, and virtually no effort 
      is made to find lost beneficiaries.

in addition,
      
tens of thousands of missing policyholders aren't 
      aware they are entitled to receive this demutualization compensation. contact 
      efforts were unsuccessful, 
      due to name changes after marriage or divorce, unreported changes of 
      address, expired postal forwarding orders and non-current beneficiary 
      information.
           

by law, 

      unclaimed policy benefits, including demutualization compensation, are remitted to the custody of a 
      government trust account until claimants come forward. 



it is highly recommended that current and former policyholders and heirs - the majority of whom 
      are unaware they're entitled to 
      unclaimed policy benefits, stock &  cash - initiate an 

unclaimed life insurance policy search
 













































      american mutual life / amerus


manufacturers life / 
      manulife


principal mutual life




anthem wellpoint


metropolitan life 
      / metlife


provident mutual life




central life assurance


mutual of new york / mony


prudential life




equitable / axa


mutual service life


standard insurance




general american life


nationwide / allied mutual


state 
      mutual / allmerica




indianapolis life


northwestern 
      / reliastar


sun life / clarica




john hancock mutual life


phoenix home life


unum mutual / unum











        sitemap

terms of use

e-mail

faq

home





©
2015 
demutualization claims clearinghouse

