











neuroscience training program – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









neuroscience training program





search






menu
open menu


close





people
expand


collapse



faculty trainers
faculty affiliates
students
staff
alumni


research
expand


collapse



ntp research overview
behavioral, cognitive, and affective neuroscience
cellular and molecular neuroscience
development, plasticity, and repair
neurobiology of disease
systems and circuits


prospective students
expand


collapse



welcome
admissions
admissions questions (faqs)
uw & city of madison


current students
expand


collapse



new student info
program overview
program requirements
handbook & forms
electives & stats
ntp committees
ntp faculty currently recruiting


resources
expand


collapse



ntp resources
campus resources
victim & survivor resources
careers in science
undergraduates


outreach
expand


collapse



ntp outreach
outreach for teachers
lending library


diversity
expand


collapse



diversity, equity, and inclusion
dei committee
dei resources


ntp news
expand


collapse



ntp news
yin neuroscience fellowship


n&pp
 



contact us
make a gift
 








 




the neuroscience training program at the university of wisconsin-madison was established in 1971. currently, it comprises over 100 faculty members whose research interests range from molecular neurobiology to integrative systems and computational modeling. the program is designed to prepare students for careers in research and teaching. training leads to the ph.d. degree in neuroscience or the m.d./ph.d. degree in cooperation with the school of medicine and public health.





 






            ntp  news
more

 



            covid-19  resources
more

 





the neuroscience training program is proud to announce and congratulate its ntp alumni, whitney a. stevens-sostre for receiving the prestigious hanna h. gray fellowship award from howard hughes medical institute! read more here.


 
 
 
 




respect statement
all members of the uw–madison community deserve to feel welcome, valued, and safe. we do not tolerate harassment and discrimination, and racist behaviors and stereotyping are inconsistent with the values of uw–madison. the office of compliance and dean of students office provide resources and reporting options for students, faculty, and staff.

 
 
 
 






 



research

with over 90 trainers and 35 affiliates, ntp faculty and students study in many broad research areas, with the five listed on our site meant to serve as a guide to prospective students as they begin to consider their graduate school career. 

 





 



admission

the application deadline for the neuroscience training program is december 1. for questions regarding the admissions process, please contact the program office at 608-262-4932 or by ntp@mailplus.wisc.edu. 

 





 



outreach

ntp participates in over 35 community outreach events per year. we participate in events like the wisconsin science festival and host classroom visits. we also have neuroscience materials that can loaned out for science education! 

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksntp resources
admissions
faculty trainers
students


contact us9531 wimr ii
1111 highland ave.
madison, wi 53705
 map
map marker


email: ntp@mailplus.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-4932

facebook


linkedin


x twitter


youtube


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: ntp@mailplus.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













