














home page - solarnews












































 























current issue

preview new issue


past issues
jobs

job listings
phd listings


meetings
useful resources
submit news
subscribe



 






select page



  












solarnews
the electronic newsletter of the aas solar physics division


volume 2025 number 04 – 15 february 2025 

sherry chhabra, solarnews editor (solarnews.editor@aas.org)
 

science highlights





new iris nugget by sarah jaeggli
posted by: vanessa polito


		we are pleased to announce the new iris nugget for the month of february “extensive molecular hydrogen line identifications for solar flares observed by iris, and inferences about the structure of the lower solar atmosphere” by sarah a. jaeggli and adrian daw. the nugget, and more information on this work, can be found at: https://iris.lmsal.com/nugget
we always welcome contributions from the community for our iris nuggets. to learn more about the nuggets, please visit: https://iris.lmsal.com/nugget?cmd=about
 
		

 




solarnuggets in january 2025
posted by: hugh hudson


		please find the solarnuggets, which continue the earlier series of rhessi nuggets, at https://heliowiki.smce.nasa.gov/wiki/index.php/solarnuggets
entries for january 2025:
no. 485, “magnetic topology of quiet-sun ellerman bombs and associated ultraviolet brightenings‎,” by aditi bhatnagar. tiny “ellerman bombs” occur all across the solar surface.
no. 486, “energetic neutral atoms detected in the large solar energetic particle event of february 2022‎,” by christina cohen. only the second direct detection of mev neutral atoms.
as always, we welcome new items and encourage opinion pieces and news items as well as descriptions of new discoveries. just email hugh hudson with a page of text and 2-3 nice figures.
 
		

 





general news



frontiers in astronomy and space sciences: call for papers on topical issue
posted by: ritesh patel


		frontiers in astronomy and space sciences invites papers from the solar community for the topical issue: “white-light polarimetric investigation of the solar corona and associated dynamics”
dedicated to the exploration of recent advancements in polarimetric investigations, this research topic focuses on emerging approaches and associated analyses, modeling, and technologies currently in development. this will help bring out new insights of the white-light solar corona and their dynamics in combination with multiwavelength and multivantage point observations. we extend an invitation to researchers to contribute original research and review articles, covering a broad spectrum of key themes.
these themes encompass, but are not confined to:
1. exploring transients in the solar corona, ranging from smaller to larger scales, across varying distances from lower altitudes to more distant corona.
2. polarimetric observational data analysis using existing white-light coronagraphs of lasco, stereo, and solar orbiter.
3. advanced concepts and techniques for upcoming polarimeters including punch, proba-3, codex.4. analysis of both historical and forthcoming total solar eclipse observations,>spanning past and future events.
5. novel theoretical models and methodologies that can contribute to advancing the investigation of the solar corona and neighboring regions through white-light polarimetry.
6. limitations of the existing techniques, tools and instruments and challenges to be addressed in the future. submissions are encouraged to explore one or more of the mentioned topics slated for coverage in this issue, without being restricted solely to those.
further details can be found here: https://www.frontiersin.org/research-topics/63091/white-light-polarimetric-investigation-of-the-solar-corona-and-associated-dynamics
 
		

 




reminder: applications for agu/spa section awards are due march 13!
posted by: kathy reeves


		do you know someone amazing whose achievements deserve to be recognized?  the agu spa section has many awards to choose from!
the basu u.s. early career for research excellence in sun-earth systems science. this award recognizes significant work by an early career researcher that shows promise of making outstanding contributions to research in sun-earth systems science and furthers the understanding of plasma physical processes and their applications for the benefit of society
the basu international early career award in sun-earth systems science: this award recognizes significant work by an early career scientist from a developing nation that shows promise of making outstanding contributions to research in space physics and aeronomy sciences and furthers the understanding of plasma physical processes or advances their applications for the benefit of society.
the fred l. scarf award: this award is in recognition of an outstanding dissertation that contributes directly to solar-planetary science.
the space physics & aeronomy richard carrington (sparc) education & public outreach award: this award is presented annually to a senior scientist for significant impact on the public’s understanding of space physics and aeronomy through their education or outreach activities.
the james van allen lecture: this lecture is presented every other year to a space scientist who has made significant contributions to the field of magnetospheric science.
the marcel nicolet lecture: this lecture is presented every other year to a space scientist who has made significant contributions to the field of aeronomy.
more information: https://www.agu.org/honors/section-awards-lectures
 
		

 




second dataset release of aditya-l1 solar and heliophysics observatory
posted by: sankarasubramanian kasiviswanathan


		aditya-l1 which observes the solar chromosphere and corona and also the in-situ observations at the sun-earth l1 point. the first set of science quality data was released on jan 6th 2025 (refer jan 15, 2025 solar news). the second set of science quality data of aditya-l1 is released on the 14th of february 2025. to access and download the data, please use the following website: https://pradan.issdc.gov.in/ and then click on aditya-l1 to register yourself and access the data. the details of the data and other relevant information to utilize the data is available for each of the payload of aditya-l1 in this website.
—
k. sankarasubramanian,
principle scientist, aditya-l1
 
		

 




update on gong data block processing
posted by: olga burtseva


		the last batch of the national science foundation’s (nsf’s) global oscillation network group (gong) data vetted using the block-style vetting process has been released to production. it includes the following products:
*gong site-specific images: magnetogram (bzi), velocity (vzi) & intensity images (izi) for observations taken from october 1st, 2024 through january 31st, 2025
starting from february 2025 data, the above data products will be published monthly with some delays in the near term for handling the data from the gong new-generation cameras that continue being deployed to the gong network sites throughout this year. the data release schedule is available at https://gong2.nso.edu/vmbi_pub_sched.html. nsf’s national solar observatory integrated synoptic program (nisp) will continue providing regular updates to the community about any changes in gong data releases.
 
		

 





agency news



nasa sounding rocket working group on feb 11: how to participate, calling senior grad students/early post-docs to join
posted by: robert pfaff


		nasa’s sounding rocket working group (srwg) is an informal committee that meets twice a year, providing input to the sounding rocket program office at wallops since the late 1980s. it is composed of 12 members who are active users — representing researchers and pis at universities and research labs across the country in the disciplines of astrophysics, solar, and geospace.
the winter meeting will take place on tuesday, february 11, at goddard starting at 9 am (eastern). the agenda may be found at this link: https://rscience.gsfc.nasa.gov/presentations/srwg_agenda_february_2025.pdf
the meeting will be conducted both in-person and virtually. the virtual link is via teams (details below). please join the meeting to learn the latest regarding the nasa sounding rocket program.
***new*** the sounding rocket working group recognizes the significant contributions from graduate students to payloads developed by university p.i.’s and to the program in general and has decided to expand our committee to include two members who are senior grad students or early post-docs to serve on the committee for 18 months (3 meetings) before rotating to new senior grad students/early post-docs. the initial thinking is to have one student who specializes in telescope (astro or solar) payloads such as launched at white sands and one who specializes in geospace payloads. for those senior grad students/early post-docs with a strong interest in the rocket program who wish to serve on the committee and help further its goals and operational capabilities, please send your name, contact info, and rocket-related experience to robert pfaff, nasa sr project scientist, robert.f.pfaff@nasa.gov, with “srwg grad/post-doc candidate” in subject line. travel expenses to the meetings will be covered by nasa.
—
robert pfaff, chair and project scientist, sounding rockets
scott porter, deputy project scientist, sounding rockets
p.s. if you need assistance regarding logistics for the srwg meeting, contact steve martin at steven.c.martin@nasa.gov or 301-286-6517.
information regarding virtual attendance at the main srwg meeting on july 9, 2024:
microsoft teams need help?
join the meeting now
meeting id: 298 445 672 980
passcode: v9wy2mf9
dial in by phone
+1 256-715-9946, 769702509# united states, huntsville
find a local number
phone conference id: 769 702 509#
 
		

 





phd opportunities





3 phd positions in solar physics at the cmpa, ku leuven
posted by: jasmina magdalenic


we offer 3 scholarships for phd students in the section plasma astrophysics of the department of mathematics, ku leuven funded by the c1 project underradiosun. 
the selected phd students will be given a 1-year contract, renewable for 3 more years after a positive evaluation, which occurs after 9 months in the phd. this four-year period allows a student to obtain a phd in applied mathematics. as 3 phd scholarships are offered, the topics of the phds are broad, fitting within the area of (data-driven) modelling of solar flares, coronal mass ejections, particle acceleration and solar radio emission.
applications are accepted until the end of march 31 (23:59 ut) via the online application tool. the starting time of the phd grants is flexible, from early spring until september 2025. the selection process will continue until all positions are filled.
for more information please see: https://www.kuleuven.be/personeel/jobsite/jobs/60431016?hl=nl&lang=nl
contact:  prof. jasmina magdalenic;  jasmina.magdalenic@kuleuven.be
 
		

 




phd position in computational solar physics at irsol-usi
posted by: luca belluzzi


		the istituto ricerche solari aldo e cele daccò (irsol; www.irsol.usi.ch), located in locarno (switzerland) and affiliated to the faculty of informatics of the università della svizzera italiana (usi), welcomes applications for a phd position in computational solar physics. the phd is part of a broader project, funded by the swiss national science foundation (snsf) and led by dr. luca belluzzi, which aims at developing and applying new spectropolarimetric techniques for investigating the magnetism of the outer solar atmosphere (chromosphere and transition region). the candidate will work on the numerical modeling of the polarization of the solar radiation, with special focus on strong resonance lines of the solar spectrum. the following main problems will be addressed: a) to explore the diagnostic content of the polarization signals of particular spectral lines by solving the radiative transfer problem for polarized radiation in comprehensive 3d models of the solar atmosphere (forward problem); and b) to fit a model of the solar atmosphere to a given set of observational data (inverse problem). both problems will require the use of high-performance computing systems. the project is suited for candidates with a background in physics, applied mathematics, or computational sciences. some experience in programming (e.g., c++, python, matlab) is desirable.
the phd degree will be in “computational sciences” and will be awarded by usi. usi’s phd regulations apply. the duration of the project is four years.
applications, consisting of a cv and a motivation letter (max 1 page), must be sent via email to applications@irsol.usi.ch within march 15, 2025. the phd should start between april 1st and october 1st, 2025. for more information, please contact applications@irsol.usi.ch.
 
		

 




ucar’s next generation graduate fellowship accepting applicants
posted by: claire raftery


		the next generation fellowship is a 2 year program for students currently enrolled in graduate studies related to earth system sciences at a north american university (usa, mexico, canada). this program provides the opportunity for fellows to explore the interplay between earth system science and its impact on society.
during their two year fellowship, fellows pursue one of four tracks – earth system science research; workplace culture and development; transdisciplinary and convergence research; or science policy – collaborating with ucar experts while participating in dedicated professional development and leadership training opportunities.
solar and heliospheric students are welcome to apply. research goals should align with those of a ucar lab (e.g. hao). if you have questions about your eligibility, email nextgenfellows@ucar.edu
each fellow receives a $40,000 fellowship award over two years ($10,000 twice per year); up to 20 weeks of paid research trips to boulder, colorado or washington, d.c. or other agreed upon location; funding to attend conferences, professional coaching; and the support of a like minded cohort.
applications must be submitted in full by may 31st, 2025 via the ucar program website: https://www.ucar.edu/opportunities/fellowships/ucar-next-generation-fellowships
 
		

 





meeting announcements



call for abstracts – iaga/iaspei  “a28 turbulent energy dissipation and particle dynamics in the solar wind and corona”
posted by: luca franci


		we are welcoming abstract submissions for our symposium “a28 turbulent energy dissipation and particle dynamics in the solar wind and the solar corona” at the “iaga / iaspei joint scientific meeting 2025” on 31 august – 5 september 2025 in lisbon (https://iaga-iaspei-2025.org/).
abstract submission deadline: 12 march 2025
registration deadline: 21 may 2025 (early bird), 30 august 2025 (standard).
participation by early-career scientists is particularly encouraged. a travel grant program is in place to support students, early career scientists, and attendees from low and low-middle income countries with an accepted abstract (deadline 12 march 2025).
we are looking forward to meeting you in lisbon!
—
luca franci on behalf of all the co-conveners
symposium title: “a28 turbulent energy dissipation and particle dynamics in the solar wind and the solar corona”
convener(s): luca franci (northumbria university, uk, luca.franci@northumbria.ac.uk)
co-convener(s): emanuele papini (iaps-inaf, italy), pauline a. simon (qmul, uk), domenico trotta (esac-esa, spain), raffaella d’amicis (iaps-inaf, italy)
solicited speakers: daniel verscharen (mullard space science laboratory, university college london, uk), nikos sioulas (space sciences laboratory, uc berkeley, usa), federica marcucci (institute of space astrophysics and planetology iaps, national institute for astrophysics inaf, italy), tamar ervin (space sciences laboratory, uc berkeley, usa)
description: turbulence is a ubiquitous and fundamental ingredient in the dynamics of space and astrophysical plasmas. it induces a transfer of energy from macroscopic fluid scales down to sub-electron scales, thus contributing to energy dissipation and to particle heating and acceleration, all processes of great interest for the astrophysical community. our understanding of the different phenomena at play in turbulent plasmas keeps improving at a fast pace, thanks to new ground-breaking observations by spacecraft such as solar orbiter and parker solar probe in the solar wind and, more recently, even in the solar corona, combined with theoretical models and advanced numerical simulations. this session aims at reflecting all aspects of the current research on plasma turbulence and its effects in the solar wind and in the solar corona. it will address different properties of turbulence (e.g., spectral properties, cross-scale energy transfer, intermittency), its development and evolution, its interaction with other processes (e.g., magnetic reconnection, instabilities, wave-particle interactions) and with the solar wind expansion, and its key role for energy dissipation and the particle dynamics. we welcome contributions from theory, simulations, and observations focusing on this plurality of aspects. this time, special consideration will be given to studies in preparation for future observations by upcoming space missions (e.g., interstellar and acceleration mapping and helioswarm) and candidate missions (e.g., plasma observatory).
 
		

 




call for abstracts: solar polarization workshop 11
posted by: jan jurcak


		we are pleased to announce that abstract submission for the solar polarization workshop 11 is now open. spw11 will take place in prague from september 8th to 12th, 2025. the primary focus of the meeting encompasses theoretical aspects and modeling of solar polarization, alongside the analysis and interpretation of polarization signals in the solar photosphere, chromosphere, and corona. additionally, discussions will center on instrumentation advancements and the origin and evolution of stellar magnetic fields.
session 1 – instrumentation
session 2 – observations and data analysis
session 3 – origin and evolution of stellar magnetic fields: theories and observational constraints
session 4 – modeling polarization: theory and methods
session 5 – inverse problem: methods and applications
the deadline for abstract submission is may 16th, 2025. detailed instructions and the submission portal are available on the workshop’s official website: https://spw11.asu.cas.cz/
for any inquiries, please contact the organizing committee at spw11@asu.cas.cz.
we look forward to your contributions and to welcoming you to prague.
 
		

 




course on “cross-scale coupling of heliophysics systems”, 12-16 may, 2025 (2nd announcement)
posted by: simone di matteo


		a course on “cross-scale coupling of heliophysics systems”, directed by prof. ioannis daglis (university of athens, greece), simone di matteo (catholic university of america; nasa – goddard space flight center, usa), and marco romoli (university of florence, italy) will be held in l’aquila, italy, 12-16 may, 2025. the course is organized in cooperation with the consorzio “area di ricerca in astrogeofisica”.
the school will serve as a comprehensive introduction to the emerging need to understand the inter-connectivity of heliophysics systems mediated through cross-scale processes. the lectures will cover the main heliophysics regions discussing the corresponding macro (system size) scales, micro (kinetic) scales, and the mesoscale processes mediating cross-scale coupling, as well as discuss the interconnection between the different systems. this course aims at providing an overview of cutting-edge fundamental research of “system of systems” phenomena in heliophysics in terms of observations and modeling capabilities. a particular section will be dedicated to highlighting the current coordination and networking efforts among the international community on this topic.
this school is addressed to graduate students, young scientists as well as undergraduates in heliophysics, space plasma physics, planetary sciences, or related fields. early-career stage professionals are invited to apply as well.

applications are due before 16 march, 2025
applications will be evaluated by the board of directors of the school, after which all applicants will be notified by e-mail. the registration fee of 1000 euros includes board and lodging. the payment conditions will be communicated via email to applicants who receive positive evaluation.
for further information visit https://www.astrogeofisica.it/cchs/ or send an e-mail to info@astrogeofisica.it
—
simone di matteo (on behalf of the board of directors)
 
		

 




 



 
 
 




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress













 



 




































