




















christmas cards for business & personal use | gallery collection
































open main menu chat 1-800-950-7064 order status helplog infavorites (0)  cart (0) search our sitebusiness christmas cards, corporate christmas cards & much more!loading...birthday cardsloading...christmas cardsloading...assortment boxesloading...tax foldersloading...sympathy cardsloading...anniversary cardsloading...thank you cardsloading...thinking of you cardsloading...calendarsloading...keep in touchloading...saleloading...new for 2025loading...feature your company nameloading...card packs 1,5,10loading...certificate holdersloading...presentation foldersloading...business cardsloading...free card catalog and samplesquality greeting cardsour customizable all-occasion cards, business birthday cards, thank you cards, and sympathy cards are among the finest you will find in the business greeting card market today.shop now stunning holiday cardsleave a lasting impression with any of our elegant corporate holiday cards, business photo cards, season's greetings cards, religious cards, and calendar cards.shop now outstanding servicefrom the creation of new greeting card designs all the way through to the delivery of orders, exceptional quality is of utmost importance at the gallery collection.contact us our best  business christmas cards  experts are our customers - see what they are sayingtrustpilotcrafting lasting impressions with premium cards 
at the gallery collection, we’ve spent decades perfecting our premium printed products, helping businesses connect in memorable ways. whether you’re selecting business christmas cards or birthday cards or one of our all-occasion cards our range of designs ensures you’ll find just the right card that reflects your brand’s quality and personality. 
innovating holiday card designs for every business 
our christmas holiday card collection continues to evolve to meet the needs of our customers, now featuring options like hanukkah cards, spanish greeting cards, 4th of july, valentine’s day and industry christmas cards tailored for professions such as law, construction, trucking, funeral and finance and more.  
be prepared for any occasion 
in our all-occasion card collection, you’ll find designs for business birthdays cards, thank you cards, sympathy cards, and anniversary cards—perfect for celebrating all of life’s important moments. with our greeting card assortment boxes, you’ll always have a quality card on hand for any unexpected occasion. 
strengthen your brand with custom card options 
to enhance brand recognition, we offer the option to add your business name or company logo on the front of select cards. choose from one of our many sentiments for inside the card or write your own. options to include your corporate logo and staff signatures beneath the sentiment can add a distinctive and professional touch. many of our clients have found that these custom touches deepen connections and inspire positive feedback from recipients. 
beyond greeting cards: presentation folders, certificate holders, and more 
our product line extends beyond greeting cards. presentation pocket folders, certificate holders, and business cards bring a level of professionalism to every business interaction, from client meetings to employee recognition. 
simple, elegant mailing solutions 
our recipient addressing and mailing services make it effortless to deliver beautiful cards to clients, employees, and business associates. add a final touch with our elegant envelope seals for a polished presentation. 
expert guidance on greeting card etiquette 
for those seeking inspiration, our greeting cards etiquette articles and gallery collection greeting cards blog offer tips on everything from personalization to addressing holiday cards, helping you create meaningful, thoughtful messages. 
quality you can trust to connect and thrive 
with every card, the gallery collection delivers a premium product that reflects your commitment to quality and connection. backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee, our products empower businesses to connect and flourish with elegance and care.  sign up for gallery collection e-mails contact usphone by phone:1-800-950-7064mon - fri 7:30am - 8:30pm etclick here to chat!click here to chat!monday - friday7:30a.m. - 8:30p.m. e.t.fax by fax: 1-800-772-1144email email:service@gallerycollection.com we respond within 1 business day. mail by mail:the gallery collectionprudent publishing400 north frontage roadlanding, new jersey 07850helpful linkspricing infogreetings and sentimentsshipping quotemy favoritesorder statusorder historyrequest a catalogblogarticlessite mapabout usaffiliate programcustomer testimonialsscholarship contestsfollow us on social: copyright © 2025 the gallery collection® by prudent publishing is a registered trademark of prudent publishing co., inc. 400 north frontage road landing new jersey 07850 usa call us: 1-800-950-7064 legal notices | accessibility statement | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act


















