






welcome - old time music, ozark heritage festival


















































 our network




 hi.. you have not added the sites yet, go to plugin's option page to add your sites.

mb plugins























home
contact us
about
vendors
demonstrators/artisan registration
volunteers
what is old-time music?
ozarks deep: art and culture trails
lodging/camping
support

roots cd


 





select page


  
 



 



 















ozark heritage festival preview
september 7th, 2024
click here to learn more










current festival





prior festivals







the old time music, ozark heritage festival would not be possible without the support of our community.  
our festival partners are listed below.  































welcome to the home page of the old time music, ozark heritage festival:
the signature event for the city of west plains, missouri.

the old-time music, ozark heritage festival is scheduled for friday and saturday june 7 and 8, 2024.

festival hours both days: 10 a.m. – 9 p.m., with music starting at noon each day.
we’re so anxious to see our precious artists and artisans return to west plains!
looking forward to seeing all of you then!
 
come celebrate old time music and the distinctive culture of the ozarks highlands.  held the first friday/saturday in june each year in west plains, missouri.  

festival site reaches from the west plains civic center grounds, up east main and includes court square. 

three ideas are central to the festival:




acknowledgement of the many able local performers


the need to save these expressive traditions


maintaining a focus of authenticity



old-time music will be performed from our stages, featuring outstanding local and regional artists representing the musical traditions of the ozarks

(what is old-time music?)

 
selected by the american bus association as a top 100 event for north america!










festival contact information:
old time music, ozark heritage festival
c/o west plains council on the arts
p o box 339
west plains, mo 65775
phone  contact via the ozark heritage welcome center
417-256-8835
email – info@westplainsarts.org










 




 







like us on facebook
 

festival news


september 7 2024 lineup announced
august 13, 2024


festival changes
august 13, 2024


2024 performers announced!
may 4, 2024


jig dance competition
april 30, 2024


pie competition returns!
april 29, 2024


 



children’s activities
square dancing
mule jump
dance workshops
photo galleries
tributes
bucket brigade
 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 















