



conflict solvers : conflict resolution, mediation services and training, australia


















 







      






home
about us

meet the team

fred stern
murray cree
cath guerrieri
scott dutton
other nationally accredited mediators


membership options
complaints management service and ethical standards
testimonials


training

all training

overview
nationally accredited mediation training
family dispute resolution
how to have a difficult conversation
mental health first aid course


request a training quote
training products and resources
miscellaneous payments


services

adult mediation
mediation services australia


schools

peer mediation in schools
src training
peer mediation research project


faqs
contact us












home
about
training
services
schools
faqs
contact






course dates 2025
in our changing world, new skills are not only highly desirable but highly necessary.
click here for our mental health first aid courses
click here for our nationally accredited mediation training coursesclick here to request a quote for any in-house course session



now incorporating www.mentalhealthtraining.melbourne





conflict resolution
the art of solving conflicts is age old. as long as people live and breathe, conflict will exist,    occasionally rearing its ugly head.
however, that does not mean that you or your peers must fall subject to the practices of "conflicts" when they appear. for as sure as conflicts arise from numerous stimuli and
  responses - there are as many ways to handle it.
the question is - which way is the "right way" for your situation?
at conflict solvers, we are dedicated to working with both individuals and teams. with
	  schools and with community groups, corporations and small business - towards the one
  common goal - conflict resolution.
by taking a steadfast approach, based on solid training, education and a long term
	  track-record - you will find that whatever your needs, conflict solvers will be able to assist
  you.
testimonials



"i really enjoyed this course, the instructor was very knowledgable"


"i really enjoyed the session. fred was very engaging and had so much knowledge. he was able to explain or give examples for questions asked easily"


"excellent course, valuable in that it enhances the thinking process in dealing with disputes"bruno griguol - telstra


"mediation is more than just a profession, it is an important life skill which every person, regardless of background can learn & will find very useful."fatimah - investigation agent/lawyer


"found the course very useful and practical. will use the skills and promote others to go through the course."andrew hedges - state manager


"enjoyable course that develops skills in mediation that can easily be transferred to the workplace."fiona markwick - care plan coordinator


"enjoyable course that develops skills in mediation that can easily be transferred to the workplace."deborah gorsuch - housing team leader


"very well organised inspirational format with interesting stories, tips and scenarios."irene watkins - mental health care coordinator


"some courses can be boring, this course kept me totally interested the whole time. i can only describe it as brilliant."jonathan stevens - hr consultant




click here for frequently asked questions
quick enquiry



name:



email:



website:



phone:



state?:

vic
nsw
act
qld
nt
wa
sa
tas




what training/services are you interested in?:




is this for you or a larger group?:






if for a group, how many?



















the standard of national excellence 





 
 
in 2009 - we became an rmab (registered mediator accreditation body). click here for frequently asked questions.  
 
 



 



copyright © 2025 conflict solvers, email uswebsite privacy and usage | site map
top of page








