













stardock windowblinds: skin and theme your windows desktop






































stardock.com navigation

software




object desktop
                                    windows productivity suite
for home  |  for business





start11
                                    customize start menu & taskbar
for home  |  for business





fences 5
                                    organize desktop apps & files
for home  |  for business





desktopgpt
                                    ai-enhanced workflow tools
for home  |  for business





multiplicity
                                    control multiple pcs seamlessly
for home  |  for business





groupy 2
                                    bring tabs to every app
for home  |  for business





deskscapes
                                    animated desktop backgrounds
learn more  |  buy now





objectdock
                                    animated dock for shortcuts
learn more  |  buy now





windowblinds 11
                                    personalize taskbar & windows
learn more  |  buy now



view all software products
discover our productivity and customization tools.


corporate software solutions
increase productivity, design intelligent controls and reinforce branding with our enterprise products.




games


galactic civilizations
discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4x space strategy game.


sins of a solar empire ii
real-time strategy. unrivaled scale.


star control
the space action/adventure classic returns.


the political machine 2024
win the hearts and minds of america's voters.


ashes of the singularity
massive-scale warfare in an epic rts.


offworld trading company
save humanity. turn a profit. preferably both.


all games
check out our complete catalog of award-winning games.


community
stay up-to-date with game news and dev journals.


metaverse
see how you rank against other players in your favorite games.


wikis
immerse yourself in game lore, tutorials, and more.




community


								software
							

								games
							

								discord
							

								wikis
							

								wincustomize
							




news

v3.21 now live - enhanced multiplayer performance for ashes of the singularity: escalationnow out: the picturesque planets update for sins iirelease date announcement for galactic civilizations iv: tales of the arnorstart11 v2 for business adds new deployment featuresnow available: start11 v2.5 brings vertical taskbars to windows 11
all news >



blog

start11 v2 for business adds new deployment featuresobject desktop for business now availablestart11 v2.5 beta arrives with vertical taskbarsreleasing multiplicity 4 beta 3getting started with multiplicity 4 – the basics
all blogs >


support
forums








search






stardock windowblinds 11
windowblinds 11



free trial


get it now








windowblinds 11 page navigation
windowblinds 11
download





























windowblinds® 11
customize the look and feel of your windows 10 and windows 11 start menu*, taskbar, window frames, and more.

get it now


watch trailer


own prior versions of windowblinds? upgrade today.













without windowblinds






with windowblinds




make it personal:

apply custom skins to your windows 10 and 11 desktop
add backgrounds, textures, and colors to skins
choose your own skin fonts
design your own skins with skinstudio
browse thousands of custom skins within the app



new to windowblinds 11:

automatic dark mode
enhanced high-dpi support for new skins
marketplace browser for skin library
autoscaling for legacy skins to improve visual fidelity
designed for windows 10 and 11





features



make your windows 10 and 11 desktops unique with windowblinds 11! customize the start menu*, taskbar, window frames, and control buttons on up to five devices. windowblinds lets you customize desktop interface themes called skins to personalize the look and feel of your desktop.






stylize
visual styles
select a skin from the many included with windowblinds, or browse thousands of skins from wincustomize.com right from within the app.
alternative skins
select skins have multiple sub-styles that can be applied to suit your personal tastes. you can also save your style combinations as presets for quick access later.
better together
when paired with start11, you can theme your entire desktop to look like an alternative operating system such as windows xp.




customize
add color
personalize any skin by choosing from a huge array of color options.
fonts
add some character to your skins with unique fonts.
transparency
make your skins the center of attention, or allow them to blend into your backgrounds by increasing transparency.






apply
easy set-up
quickly and intuitively navigate the configuration menu to easily personalize your desktop. instantly preview your selections and adjustments before you apply them.
presets
save changes to your skins by creating a preset. presets enable you to access previous customizations and apply them quickly. love tweaking your creations? presets can be updated and deleted.
per application skinning
choose skins for each of your application types. make your word processing software stand out from your design programs by giving each one a unique look with a different skin or color scheme. exclude applications from windowblinds or choose other compatibility settings to fit your style.




create
design your own skins
each purchase includes skinstudio, the powerful companion application for windowblinds 11 that enables you to create your own skins. edit controls, start menu*, taskbars, explorer windows, fonts, colors backgrounds and more with skinstudio.
easy to use
customize only the parts of the windows interface you want to change and skinstudio will do the rest! this makes it easy for inexperienced users to create a great skin quickly, while advanced users can still enjoy designing every aspect of the windows interface.




back to top





screenshots

































































customize the look of your desktop today
get it now
own prior versions of windowblinds? upgrade today.


system requirements
windows 10/ windows 11
*start menu skinning requires start11








stardock.com footer


software
object desktop
corporate solutions
start11
fences 5
deskscapes
multiplicity
groupy 2
partner software


games
galactic civilizations iv
sins of a solar empire ii
star control
the political machine
ashes of the singularity: escalation
offworld trading company
siege of centauri
sorcerer king: rivals


company
about
blog
management team
careers
news
press assets
contact us
forums


support
my account
create an account
product keys
reset password
update account info

















sign up for our newsletter


subscribe






						© 2025 stardock
































site map
terms
privacy
dmca






thank you! please check your email for a confirmation link. once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving exclusive specials and announcements direct from stardock.
need to unsubscribe?






















