





the desire for the perfect lawn is leading millions of homeowners – to expose their children, pets and water supplies to toxic lawn care pesticides. 

































skip to content


the desire for the perfect lawn is leading millions of homeowners

				to expose their children, pets and water supplies to toxic lawn care pesticides. 			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
about toxic action
take the pledge
contact
friends & associates 1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
 






home






the perfect lawn…
the desire for the perfect lawn is leading millions of homeowners to expose their children, pets and water supplies to toxic lawn care pesticides. 

get in touch







the desire for the perfect lawn is leading millions of homeowners to expose their children, pets and water supplies to toxic lawn care pesticides. 
children are at risk: research links the pesticides used by trugreen chemlawn to nausea, vomiting, dizziness and headaches and chronic illnesses such as lymphoma, leukemia, bladder cancer, and learning disabilities. children are especially vulnerable to toxic pesticides.workers are exposed: pesticide applicators and the workers who launder their uniforms suffer the negative health effects of daily exposure to toxic pesticides.pets are vulnerable: your pet has an increased risk of cancer when exposed to lawn pesticides.our environment is being poisoned: pesticides can contaminate drinking water and can harm or kill birds, fish, and other beneficial wildlife.
trugreen chemlawn is the number one lawn care provider in the united states, servicing more than 3.5 million households. while any pesticide legally used in this country must be registered with the environmental protection agency (epa), this registration does not ensure safety.  the registration process is full of loopholes and does not guarantee that the pesticides have been fully tested for environmental and human health effects. in fact, an analysis of the products trugreen chemlawn offers on their customer receipt shows that: 














schools are not doing enough




cranford public schools
in new jersey will spend over $25,000 in the next year to have trugreen apply chemicals to their mostly elementary schools.  


university of connecticut
in storrs, ct will work with trugreen to apply pesticides that include mcpp and mcpa, possible carcinogens according to the us epa, around athletic fields.


clintondale community schools
in michigan just renewed their three-year contract with trugreen, for fertilization and weed control using the company’s toxic chemicals.







we work out of a virtual office in allen tx:
450 century parkway, suite 250
allen, texas
75013




there are many lawn contractors in the dallas fort worth metroplex but one that seems to care about the environment is sprinkler repair plano, a quality company specializing in sprinkler systems.










the desire for the perfect lawn is leading millions of homeowners,
proudly powered by wordpress.	garlic parmesan pasta









