







pj's coffee of new orleans




























 
































  


 




skip to main content




 



previous



next

 
choose your favorite location for offers, events, and more!
							
 







1
 




shop 
coffeesingle serve cupsking cakesbundlescoffee subscriptionsapparelaccessoriesgift cards

menu 
beveragesfoodbeignetsnutrition
  catering  locations  franchising
about 
our storymobile appblog
 
order online












 





 

 





more information
 


find a location
view menu
order online





a new orleans original
a few of our winter favorites...



caramel créme




honey oat milk latté




mocha latté




pralines & cream latté



 


view menus:
food
beverages
beignets
catering








celebrating 45 years!
since 1978
since its inception in 1978, pj's coffee has set out to show that its coffee is the best in the business. founded by phyllis jordan, a pioneer in the coffee industry, and owned and operated by new orleans natives and brothers, paul, steven, and scott ballard since 2008, the company has stuck true to that mission and its new orleans roots. so why is pj's coffee better? because its coffee comes from the top arabica beans sourced from around the world, is made using superior roasting techniques in small batches and everyone at pj's is passionate about the art of coffeemaking.
the diverse menu comes together with a simple goal – to help people connect over a coffee, tea or beignet and get a distinct taste of new orleans!


















pj's coffee catering
corporate & social events
nothing brings people together like great coffee and food. spread some joy one sip at a time with our breakfast catering services. whether you need catering for a corporate function, party, or special occasion, pj’s breakfast and coffee catering is the perfect way to start your day. our specialty coffee shops offer freshly baked pastries and assorted treats, hot coffee, hot chocolate, cold brew iced coffee, cold brew iced mocha, and sandwiches for breakfast or lunch.
with a wide variety of options available, we make breakfast and coffee catering easy with made-to-order catering trays for events of all sizes. at pj’s coffee, we offer same-day breakfast catering, or you can schedule catering for your event ahead of time. to learn more about our coffee and breakfast options, visit the catering page.
learn more
























find your location


join the team










link to https://twitter.com/pjscoffeelink to https://www.facebook.com/pjscoffeelink to http://instagram.com/pjscoffee 

quick links
beverage menu
food menu
catering
shop pj's
about
franchising


stay connected
get the mobile app
 join email list
join text club
join the club












copyright ©2025 new orleans brew, llc. all rights reserved.




accessibility


privacy policy


contact us






















 










 

