madikwe game reserve - madikwe safari lodges and tour packages 
homemadikwe safari lodgesfamily safariromantic getawayshoneymoon safarigetaway safari breaksmadikwe self-drivemadikwe guidewildlife in madikwemadikwe game reservethe magnificent madikwe game reserve in south africa offers visitors a big five, family holiday safari experience. located about 4 hours north of johannesburg, in northwest province. madikwe is malaria free, and offers excellent year-round game viewing. 
welcome to madikwe
experience a malaria-free south africa safari in madikwe game reserve, showcasing spectacular wildlife and beautiful landscapes.
there are many legendary safari destinations on the continent and a south africa safari in madikwe game reserve is right up there with the best on the continent when it comes to showcasing the wonders and wildlife of africa.
the guides of madikwe game reserve have a special affinity with the territory and ensure that activities are filled with fascinating sightings and stories.
madikwe game reserve's proximity to johannesburg and pretoria makes it an ideal choice of destination for south african safari getaways 
take the long weekend off for an exceptional madikwe safari experience.
 
madikwe safari lodges
these madikwe game reserve safari lodges offer luxury accommodation, excellent facilities and superb big five wildlife safaris. madikwe safari lodges are malaria-free which makes them a great choice for children on safari. family-friendly lodges have special children's programmes that keep the little ones entertained. we can match you with the perfect accommodation in madikwe. 
 
madikwe family safari in south africa
madikw game reserve is a malaria-free safari destination. many madikwe safari lodges offer safari activities for children including short game drives and mini-rangers courses, making madikwe an excellent family safari destination in south africa.
travelling in africa with children can be very daunting, and at times very frustrating, and with the threat of malaria thrown into the mix many families choose what is perceived to be an easier and less stressful holiday option but with a madikwe family safari all the uncertainties are removed.
dedicated kiddie's game drives are guided by specially trained guides and the lodges provide fun educational entertainment for the kids, allowing the parents to relax and enjoy themselves.
 
romantic safari in madikwe game reserve
these romantic safari lodges in madikwe game reserve offer an indulgent getaway - perfect for couples looking for a weekend break.
imagine getting married in a scenic spot in the middle of the african bush - madikwe is a superb destination wedding choice. take your loved one on a honeymoon safari in the heart of madikwe game reserve, for an unforgettable romantic escape.
 
self-drive safari in madikwe game reserve
what could be better than escaping the stress of everyday life and going on a self-drive safari to madikwe game reserve, combining luxury accommodation with thrilling game drives led by specialist guides. madikwe game reserve is only a 4.5 hour drive from johannesburg.
read more on getting to madikwe
 
wildlife in madikwe
guided game drives in 4x4 vehicles are the best way to cover as much territory as possible and have the best chance possible of seeing the great diversity of madikwe. the big five is often seen on a south africa safari in madikwe game reserve and there is also the opportunity to see the endangered african wild dog - a madikwe speciality.
the experienced guides ensure that game drive activities are filled with interesting facts and information about the area and the wildlife that is seen. the afternoon drives in madikwe often stretch into evening when the nocturnal creatures of africa can be seen going about their business.
read more about game viewing in madikwe
 
madikwe safari guide
madikwe game reserve is a great self-drive safari destination in south africa. find out about getting to madikwe and the best time to visit madikwe game reserve plus lots of handy info to help you plan your trip. our friendly destination specialists are always ready to assist you with any questions you may have and to create the holiday of your dreams.
 
madikwe wild dog project
wild dogs were once one of the most persecuted animals in africa and today there are less than 6500 left. due to their rarity, they are now a "must see". the madikwe wild dog project is at the forefront of conservation efforts. wild dogs were re-introduced into madikwe game reserve in 1994 and are now thriving.
madikwe game reserve was born out of an idea to reclaim farming land that had been all but destroyed and a grand scheme to restock the area with wildlife was instituted. operation phoenix as the restocking program was known as was, and still is today, the largest translocation of wildlife on earth and the madikwe safari guides ensure that guests become part of the magic that is madikwe.
 next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         madikwe game reserve | malaria-free safari in south africa  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd    africa safaris botswana safari tanzania safari kenya safari zambia safari zimbabwe and vic falls safari south african safari namibia safari malawi safari gorilla safari   popular pages getting to madikwe best time to visit madikwe map of madikwe game reserve madikwe wild dogs malaria-free safari   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - madikwe tours and safari   privacy settings


