









artwalk - original fine art festivals


































































skip to content










artwalk

original fine art festivals








menu

home
news feed
volunteer requirements

information


get in touch
terms & conditions
 


















artwalk 



we connect you to the local artists and their artwork. wander the neighbourhoods while you art gaze. every corner promises adventure, colour and discovery. meet talented artists and learn about their inspirations.  










learn more























kidswalk  



 







local arts organizations team up with artwalk to offer fun and creative hands-on projects for kids throughout the artwalk weekend. this inviting grassy area is a perfect spot to enjoy both the kidswalk activities and the art miles mural that will be on display. 
 







circus artscome take a workshop with the academy’s instructors watch circus students perform amazing feats.
 







design a school busgiving san diego children "a ride to the arts" with bus grants to teachers and schools.

 







family projectschildren families facing adversity a supportive atmosphere through imaginative expression.

 







finger paintingdedicated to helping affected by brachial plexus injuries by means of support, education resources.

 















 






artwalk performers 











meet the budding talents in the art scene. get to know what inspires their art.

 






read more











  












volunteer requirements 



you must be at least 18 years old to volunteer for artwalk.

 






get in touch















our activities 











we inspire you to appreciate art. art has the ability to transform our lives for good. here’s how we make art accessible.  







 



vip tour 



when you join us as a vip we take you to the most inspiring artists who are changing lives and colouring people’s thoughts. the impact of their art is magnificent. 







 



mural project 



if the art on a canvas is too mainstream for you, check out the contemporary mural art that will astound you. you will want to carry a part of it with you. 







 



art seminars 



are you an art enthusiast? are you still learning to present your art and draw attention to your works? attend these seminars reach exclamations, fortunes.  















what people say 



















 



	leon l covington 



“i love to walk around and observe the art displays here. it motivates me to be more artistic and creative in my daily life.” 



















latest from our blog 











 
tips to become a fine artist
february 2, 2022september 3, 2021
 

 

searching for the definition of a fine artist tends to lead you towards a whole different direction because an artist is also an individual looking for meaning and purpose in…

read more 
things that one learns about artwalk as a featured artist!
january 1, 2022september 3, 2021
 

 

artwalk is one of the fun events organised in findlay, twice a year in may and november. it is indeed a festival where all kinds of artists come together to…

read more 
the most famous artists of all time
december 3, 2021september 3, 2021
 

 

art is something that has no start and has no end. it just develops, improves, enhances, and gets better every day. artists are the ones who bring out the development,…

read more 
the world’s most admirable art museums ever!
november 3, 2021september 3, 2021
 

 

an art museum is just like a home for all the artists who desire to portray their artworks to the whole world. that is where people get to see the…

read more 
painting tips by inspiring fine art painters that you need to know!
october 3, 2021september 4, 2021
 

 

to become a fine artist, one needs to take tips from the world’s finest fine art painters. what say? let us quickly look into the tips given by some of…

read more 
10 secrets of the last supper by leonardo da vinci
september 3, 2021
 

 

it was in 1945 that leonardo da vinci started working on one of the masterpieces of all time in the world of art. history’s most influential work of art was…

read more 














copyright © 2025 artwalk. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 




















