











value investing manager value mutual funds | heartland advisors



























daily pricesquarterly materialsperformancecontact uslog in











menu







 aboutour teamoversight & governancehistory of the firmstrategies perspectivesinsightsnewsphilosophy & process resourcesregulatory resourcesaccount resourcestax information


 aboutour teamoversight & governancehistory of the firmcommunity involvementinsider ownershipstrategies perspectives insightsfund commentary archiveinvestment approach insightsmarket insightsnews philosophy & process10 principles of value investing resourcesregulatory resourcesaccount resourcestax informationdaily pricesperformancecontact uslog incareers


daily pricesquarterly materialsperformancecontact uslog in














 
view tax information
news & investing perspectives
please wait while we gather your results.podcast1/28/20254q24 mid cap commentary podcastthis podcast episode features heartland advisors vice president, michael kops, who is joined by colin mcwey, portfolio manager for the heartland mid cap value strategy, to discuss recent performance and insights from 4q 2024.investing in action1/22/2025what’s driving insider buying among oil refiners?discover the importance of insider buying from a heartland perspective.water & wells1/13/2025time to detox with healthier portfolio choices?just as we aim for healthier habits in the new year, our portfolios deserve the same attention. active management and disciplined investing can help avoid "junk" investments and focus on financially healthier choices.view more insights
view additional news
 

email sign up

 




i am a financial professional or institutional investor




i am an individual investor



×


email sign up professional or institutional investor





×


email sign up individual investor










prospectus|news|site map|terms of use|privacy policy|log in|contact us


follow us:

 
 








©2025 heartland advisors | 790 n. water street, suite 1200, milwaukee, wi 53202 | business office: 414-347-7777 | financial professionals: 888-505-5180 | individual investors: 800-432-7856



portfolio holdings are subject to change. current and future portfolio holdings are subject to risk.

past performance does not guarantee future results.
an investor should consider the funds’ investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. this and other important information may be found in the funds' prospectus. to obtain a prospectus, please call 800-432-7856 or visit heartlandadvisors.com. please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
value investments are subject to the risk that their intrinsic value may not be recognized by the broad market.

	important notice to investors residing outside the united states: the heartland funds are offered for sale only in the u.s. and certain u.s. territories. although you may obtain prospectuses and other information about the heartland funds at this website, we will mail prospectuses and other information only to addresses in the u.s. and will accept only new account applications that contain an address in the u.s. and certain u.s. territories.

	the statements and opinions expressed in the articles or appearances are those of the presenter. any discussion of investments and investment strategies represents the presenters' views as of the date created and are subject to change without notice. the opinions expressed are for general information only and are not intended to provide specific advice or recommendations for any individual. any forecasts may not prove to be true.
economic predictions are based on estimates and are subject to change.
	sector and industry classifications are sourced from gics®.the global industry classification standard (gics®) is the exclusive intellectual property of msci inc. (msci) and s&p global market intelligence (“s&p”).  neither msci, s&p, their affiliates, nor any of their third party providers (“gics parties”) makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to gics or the results to be obtained by the use thereof, and expressly disclaim all warranties, including warranties of accuracy, completeness, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  the gics parties shall not have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of such damages.

	there is no guarantee that a particular investment strategy will be successful.

	heartland’s investing glossary provides definitions for several terms used on this page.
the above individuals are registered representatives of alps distributors, inc., except those indicated with *.
cfa® is a registered trademark owned by the cfa institute.

	the heartland funds are distributed by alps distributors, inc.

	separately managed accounts and related investment advisory services are provided by heartland advisors, inc., a federally registered investment advisor. alps distributors, inc., is not affiliated with heartland advisors, inc.




top 


