 










hope starts here - central clinic behavioral health



























































 







 











 





 




home






about central clinic

 






back




impact






board of trustees






staff leadership






dei statement






financial accountability






history






frequently asked questions






vision, mission, and core value statements






notice of privacy practice & website usage












get help here

 






back




24:7 support






addiction and recovery services






children and families






mental health services






culturally responsive services






lgbtq+






forensic evaluation






central connection












news






careers






contact us

 






back




locations












donate now











 






















 







 

 
we listen. we connect. we heal.
“our goal at central clinic, a nonprofit organization, is to connect the right people to the right behavioral health service at the right time. one person’s healing has a cascading effect that not only helps one, but also the wellness of the family and ultimately the community.”
—kimberly mages, phd, lpcc-s, president & ceo
about us






 
our mission
create options and choices through compassionate approaches to behavioral health services that foster recovery and resiliency for children, adults, families, and communities.
 
view our vision, mission, and core value statements here.






 
































 central clinic behavioral health






 

  partner with us






 

 





 




home






about central clinic






get help here






news






careers






contact us






donate now








 

  

  






 311 albert sabin way, cincinnati, oh  45229 | 513.558.5840
view all locations
united way 24/7 help-line: 211
central connection 24/7 live line: 513.558.8888national suicide prevention lifeline: 988



 central clinic behavioral health, a nonprofit organization, values and respects the breadth of diversity present in our community. as such, we will not tolerate discrimination of any kind in our programs and activities. moreover, we strive to increase our inclusivity and visibility in marginalized and oppressed communities. we stand as a proud ally to the lgbtq community, and we ensure that those who may experience racism, sexism, and discrimination due to gender identity/expression, national origin, socioeconomic status, language, disabilities, medical conditions (physical or mental), and veteran status are treated justly and fairly. central clinic behavioral health is an organization dedicated to helping children, families and adults dealing with mental illness or substance abuse/use.





  




  






 
    ©
            central clinic behavioral health
            2025
    
























