


theomatics





                    .



















please visit our gigantic new website.
the theomatics code in the bible has opened up the entire big picture as to why this world exists and why each person has been born.
also angels.net and angels.org


















welcome to the original theomatics website!



this may be the most fascinating religious site on the web
get ready for something totally unique and different




 







mission statement (read this first)

what is theomatics?

the numerical structure of the bible

scientific proof of the discovery

what theomatics is revealing







 
major books, publications, and research software






the original code in the bible

theomatics ii

theomatics & the scientific method

the research software and databases

how to contact us







 
examples of the phenomenon





theomatic example #1

theomatic example #2

theomatic example #3

theomatic example #4





 
other topics





theomatics and eschatology

what about torah codes and els?

what other people are saying



















this site is for those who may be
interested in the following:  
christian apologetics, apologetics, bible proofs, christian evidences, existence of god, creation, creationism, scientific creationism, science, scientific method, scientific proof, evolution, atheism, gematria, isopsephia, codes in the torah, hidden codes, torah codes, els phenomena, equidistant letter sequences, the bible code, michael drosnin, eli rips, eliyahu rips, yoav rosenberg, yacov rambsel, yeshua, amazing bible codes, brendan mckay, australia national university, moby dick, great men of israel, famous rabbis experiment, harold gans, robert kass, statistical science, jeffrey satinover, cracking the bible code, charisma and christian life, christianity today, secret code, secret codes, debunking the bible code, debunking bible code, debunk the bible code, kabala, kabbala, ivan panin, bible numerics, e.w. bullinger, number in scripture, karl sabiers, don kistler, arithmetic of god, biblical numerology, dr. john j. davis, oswald thompson allis, number symbolism, bible numbers, jerry lucas, del washburn, antichrist, millennium, millennial, millennialism, pre millennial, a millennial, amillennial, amillenialism, post millennial, bible prophecy, eschatology, end times, preterist, preterism, pre-trib rapture, pre tribulation rapture, post tribulation rapture, nostradamus, swedenborg book of genesis, daniel, revelation, the beast, the number 666, the 144,000, jesus, 888, lucifer, satan and the devil, religious philosophy, christianity, mathematics, hermeneutics, evangelism. the following authors are directly or indirectly quoted in our books and publications: hal lindsey, late great planet earth, grant r. jeffrey, grant jeffrey, grant jeffrey ministries, the signature of god, eden encoded, encoded in bible, encoded in the bible, james harrison, the pattern and the prophecy, john weldon, decoding the bible code, bonnie gaunt, sacred design, magnificent numbers, john walvoord, zane hodges, charles ryrie, dwight pentecost, salem kirban, jack van impe, chuck smith, calvary chapel, bishop earl paulk thomas ice, tommy ice, tim lahaye, john hagee, jerry falwell, dave hunt, alva j. mcclain, hank hanegraaff, christian research institute, john warwick montgomery, walter a. ewell, josh mcdowell, evidence that demands a verdict, john macarthur, jr., bruce metzger, text of the new testament, textual criticism, nestle text, majority text robert w. faid, robert faid, scientific approach to christianity, scientific approach to biblical mysteries, james mckeever, omega ministries, bob mumford, david wilkerson, times square church, loraine boettner, william e. cox, john h. gerstner, j.i. packer, cornelis vanderwaal, anthony a. hoekema, a.t. robertson, dana and mantey, john l bray, edward e. stevens and kingdom counsel, theodore winston pike, arthur pink, american scientific affiliation, christianity today, chuck swindoll, edward t. damer.



 

contact theomatics research at: inquire@theomatics.com
copyright © 1999 theomatics.com all rights reserved.
 basic site design and 3d graphics by wade h. buffington iii
who can be contacted at:  the underground cathedral
 


