










home - tri-cities chamber of commerce























































  



















skip to content















					login				








					email				








					604.464.2716				








					canada				














facebook





twitter





instagram





youtube











































 
about about the chamber board of directors chamber ambassadors staff directory sponsorship and advertising opportunities contact uschambers planmembership member directory join now membership tiers member benefits & savings chambers group insurance plan #shopchamber deals member loginadvocacyevents chamber events calendar community events calendar signature events event series sponsorship and advertising opportunitiesprograms #shopchamber program chamber travel td business spotlights tri-local tri-cities young professionals women in businessnewsresources certificates of origin chambers group insurance plan small business insurance tri-cities economic profile chamber resource library


























 







 





strong business. strong communities.












member login











find a business






















medical and dental insurance


benefits plan 
 














handshake


join the chamber 
 














calendar icon 


upcoming events 
 














dollar sign in magnifying glass


member savings 
 


















the voice of business in the tri-cities








































welcome to the tri-cities chamber. 
we're committed to advocating for your business.
for more than 50 years, the tri-cities chamber of commerce has been championing the local business community, fostering economic growth, delivering value to our members, and acting as a hub for connection in coquitlam, port coquitlam, port moody, and the villages of anmore and belcarra.
 
learn more

 





































chamber news










 

 



tri-cities chamber names ahyoung baek the 2025 chamber member of the year



					february 11, 2025				


the tri-cities chamber of commerce is set to celebrate ahyoung baek as the 2025 chamber member of the year at its business excellence awards gala on april 5. baek is the chef-owner of coquitlam’s pasta polo restaurant.
“i believe in the power of community and women in business. as a female entrepreneur, i hope my journey can inspire other women to follow their passions, take risks, and make their mark in their respective industries,” said ahyoung baek. 
learn more >






 

 



tricity news column: business, we have your back. feb. 10-14 is chamber of commerce week.



					february 10, 2025				


chamber of commerce week celebrates the vital role chambers of commerce and boards of trade play in building economically competitive and sustainable communities across the province.
february 10-14, 2025 is chamber of commerce week in bc by official proclamation.
learn more >






 

 



allison j. bran to keynote chamber’s international women’s day brunch



					february 5, 2025				


allison j. bran will provide the keynote at the tri-cities chamber of commerce international women’s day brunch at vancouver golf club in coquitlam on march 7. her talk, titled accelerate action: taking a seat at the table without permission, will challenge the traditional narratives women face around leadership, influence and success.
learn more >














welcome to our newest members

















view more


















mark your calendar















 
business excellence awards gala 
saturday, april 5 | 6 pm
join us for the tri-cities' premier business event of the year celebrating leadership, innovation, and community. learn more >
 



















 
new member welcome 
feb 26 | 11 am - 12 pm
from exclusive discounts and offers to building connections, be sure to make the most of your chamber membership. free registration >
 











chamber events


















member events


















explore our events calendar


















thank you to our leading partners & sponsors





















                                chambers plan                            














                                rbc royal bank                            














                                saputo                            














                                coquitlam continuing education                            













                                the tricity news                            













                                scotiabank women initiative                            














                                austin heights bia                            














                                downtown poco bia                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 tri-cities chamber of commerce 
 | 
site by growthzone


























request a quote »









quick links






chamber news
chamber resource library
member directory
member login
upcoming events






stay connected









facebook





twitter





instagram





youtube














sign up for our weekly newsletter! 










get in touch






tri-cities chamber of commerce









location




#205 - 2773 barnet hwycoquitlam, bc canada v3b 1c2 









hours and time


monday - friday9am - 5pmclosed fridays in july & august 









phone




call: 604.464.2716fax: 604.464.6796 










phone




info@tricitieschamber.com 


















we acknowledge that our chamber operates on the traditional, ancestral and unceded homelands of the kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (kwikwetlem), səlilwətaɬ (tsleil-waututh), xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (musqueam), sḵwx̱wú7mesh (squamish), q̓ic̓əy̓ (katzie), qʼʷa:n̓ ƛʼən̓ (kwantlen), qiqéyt (qayqayt), and stó:lō (sto:lo) peoples, and extend our gratitude for the opportunity to work on this territory.

















 © 2025 tri-cities chamber of commerce .  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top



















