






exotic aquarium on the web...









 
metro detroit's premier tropical fish store since 1951 







home


about


help & info


daily special


products


livestock


web specials


photos


past events


contact us


links page





exotic aquarium of detroit is closed

one of detroit's best pet shops - since 1951 - now closed...






exotic aquarium is closed after 60 years in business due to the current economy in detroit, . we would like to thank our many customers over the years for shopping at exotic aquarium.

a section of this website will continue in memory of the store but the 
												exoticaquarium.com website will eventually become a informational website about tropical fish care, informatoin and maintanence.
please visit www.kevsaquarium.com - new store
														located 5 doors down from the old exotic aquarium









												kevs aquarium
												16895 schaefer hwy
												at mcnichols - detroit, mi
												phone:313-744-3515
www.kevsaquarium.com 




former exotic aquarium employees open a new store - kevs aquarium
kevs aquarium is located at 16895 schaefer on the same side as the old exotic aquarium, 5 doors down towards mcnichols. they carry both freshwater and saltwater tropical fish store in addition to aquariums and related supplies for your tropical fish needs. the new store opened in february 2012, kevs aquarium is keeping the tropical fish hobby alive being one of the few remaining pet shops located in the city of detroit, possibly the only "fish only store" that still exists in the city proper.
kevin johnson, a 20 yr employee of the now defunct exotic aquarium is the proprietor of kev's aquarium hopes that the inner city will be alive once again and that keeping tropical fish will find new life as detroit's economy improves. according to johnson," there are still many hobbyists and fish keepers in the city that need support for their tropical fish", he adds "we will provide the support and knowledge to fish breeders and collectors to keep their pets healthy and beautiful"...








marineland stealth & stealth pro heater recall
united pet group - parent company of marineland is recalling all of the
									stealth and stealth pro submersible aquarium heaters. over 1 million of the
									heaters have been sold since 2004. some the heaters have a defect where they
									could break and damage the aquarium and cause glass breakage.
call united pet group at (800)338-4896 for refund or replacement
									or click here for more detailed information about the recall. 


exotic aquarium was a retail pet shop located in detroit, michigan. we know of at least two other pet shops in the united states that have similar names but are not affiliated with this store. as a convienience to our internet users we are providing links to their sites. please visit our links page for direct links to other stores in the united states called exotic aquarium. if you are looking for a good pet shop in detroit - click here!






home : about : help & info : daily calendar : web specials : contact us : links page : facebook : twitter
copyright â© 2011 exotic aquarium : email: 
								





