





management & environment technologies






























skip to content









							open facebook in a new tab						






							open twitter in a new tab						






							open instagram in a new tab						






							open linkedin in a new tab						






							open pinterest in a new tab						






 
search toggle






about us
our services
clients
work ready
contact
 










menu









search for:



submit





















management and environmental technologies, inc.
bridging the gap


services
contact us




who we are
management and environmental technologies, inc. is a full service management consulting firm providing services to the public and private sectors. founded in 1993, our primary goal is customized solutions using best practices and evidence based problem solving approaches.




our mission
our mission is to provide solution driven administrative management and general management consulting services using evidence based project coordination and implementation approaches.




our vision
ensure that our clients, shareholders and public are equipped with solutions to management and community based problems through education and training.




our team


dr. brenda k. mitchell
president & ceo

dr. mitchell brings to met, inc. experience in government and private sector management. as secretary of the commonwealth of pa, deputy secretary of pa department of commerce, and business manager, control data and city venture corporations, dr. mitchell managed budgets of over $22 million and a staff of 370.


kenneth j. dunkley
vice-president & sr. technology manager

mr. dunkley has a master’s degree in physics and has managed the home sales office of princeton applied research corp. and princeton instruments, inc. and directed pennsylvania state technology contracts and proposals. his formal technical background includes electro-optics, lasers, spectroscopy, holography, computers, and data communications. in addition to a background in nanotechnology education, mr. dunkley is an experienced microsoft and robotics applications trainer.


corrie n. mitchell
vice-president and co-founder

mr. mitchell oversees internal financial management and financial analysis for corporate and customer accounts. his experience spans entities such as general electric corporation, department of military and data systems operations. he attended johns hopkins university, penn state university, and st. joseph’s university.










as a certified dbe, met has proved to be an effective and resourceful partner with hntb in the facilitation of stakeholder involvement for a controversial transportation project. met’s creative, flexible and adaptive methods proved valuable in creating a an atomosphere of collaboration between local stakeholders, federal and state officials and hntb.narayana velaga, associate v.p., hntb
ryan washington, e.i.t., civil designer



management & environmental technologies
address:  river park service center3600 conshohocken avenue, suite sc#7philadelphia, pa 19131phone: (215) 220 3500email: bmitchell@met-corp. com











							open facebook in a new tab						






							open twitter in a new tab						






							open instagram in a new tab						






							open linkedin in a new tab						






							open pinterest in a new tab						





		© 2025 			
				management & environment technologies			















