














home - akita drilling















































who we are

board of directors
senior executive team
core values
indigenous partners
about akita
akita in the news


rig fleet

canadian rigs
us rigs


careers

careers
field positions
life on the rigs
apply now


investor relations

investor relations
news releases
financial and other filings
dividend information
environment social and governance
corporate governance documents


contact
 



 


















 
committed to excellence







fast-moving, high-performance drilling rigs
north american drilling operations

akita’s high performance drilling rig fleet is equipped from top to bottom with state-of-the-art technologies. our rigs provide compact loads enabling faster moves and accelerated rig-up and rig-down.






rigs







us drilling rigs







canadian drilling rigs







leading the drilling industry



 
performance



 
safety



 
environmental stewardship



core


rewarding

why work at akita drilling?

careers
as a leader in land-based drilling in the us and canada, akita offers you the opportunity to learn the latest advancements and grow as a drilling professional.
apply now
 












calgary
1000, 333 7 avenue sw, calgary, ab t2p 2z1 canada
phone: (403) 292-7979


denver
700 17th street, ste 1350, denver, co 80202 usa
phone: (720) 647-4700








© copyright 2022  |   
                                    disclaimer



sitemap
legal
privacy policy
 follow us : 
                                                    



confidential whistle blower
reporting system
report


© copyright 2022  |                       disclaimer












			×			





				auto-opening announcement popup			

material contained in the akita drilling ltd. web site is for information purposes only and is not intended to constitute an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. information disclosed under the corporate and securities laws of canadian jurisdictions applicable to akita drilling ltd. is not intended to be in any way qualified, amended, modified or supplemented by the information available in, though, or on this web site.
due to the technical and security risks inherent on the internet, and because the document you access may differ from the original depending on your browser software, the information set out in this web site should not be used for the purpose of making decisions with respect to akita drilling ltd. securities. the information posted was accurate at the time of posting, but may be superseded by subsequent disclosures. if you are contemplating trading in akita drilling ltd. securities, you should contact investor relations to obtain printed copies of the documents you wish to review or access them through the sedar website at www.sedar.com.
your use of this internet site is in itself acceptance of the terms and conditions regarding use, as stated in the legal notice.


			×			







