







ring-press music












































        
          
            ring-press music
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















            handbells
          

            worship
          

            orchestra
          

            strings
          

            piano
          

            voice
          

            engraving & arranging
          

            gear
          












































cart
















0











handbellsworshiporchestrastringspianovoiceengraving & arranginggear





                
                  
                    ring-press music
                  
                
              
andrew duncan, editor


















handbells • worship • orchestra • strings • piano • voice • engraving & arranging • gear



welcome!



what is ring-press?ring-press was started by andrew duncan in 2006 as a place to sell downloadable handbell music while supporting composers and arrangers. since that time we have grown into a full-featured music store for all kinds of music - orchestra, chamber, piano, vocal, and handbells. from day one, we have paid composers high-percentage royalties of their music sales while offering music at a lower price than other publishing houses. and, we don’t take the composer’s copyright away from them. how many copies do i order?one. because it is a digital download, you do not have to worry about the number of copies your group will need. your purchase of the file grants use by the person/organization that purchased it.how do i get the music, and how is payment handled?you can shop for music using the search features or categories to find what you need. when you are ready to checkout, payment is accepted via paypal, visa, mastercard, american express, or discover card. once your payment is finalized, you will be given download links for the music in pdf format. instant gratification!what software do i need to view and print the music?you just need a pdf viewer, and you probably already have one installed. if you have any trouble opening the files, just contact us. we will make sure you get your music – even if it ends up being printed and mailed to you.i need a piece transposed, notated, or arranged…can you help?yes! use our engraving and arranging services to turn your messy manuscript into a beautifully type-set piece of music, transpose a piece into a different key, or have a new custom arrangement made just for you and your group. i’m a composer/arranger- do you accept submissions?yes! our composers receive high-percentage royalties on their works, and retain all rights to their compositions and arrangements. ring-press is a great way to get your music out there and make better royalties than you can get from traditional publishers. prospective composers and arrangers should email both a pdf and an mp3 (recorded or computer-generated) of their work for consideration to andrew duncan at ringpressmusic@icloud.com. 



handbells • worship • orchestra • strings • piano • voice • engraving & arranging • gear










copyright © 2021 • ring-press music • ringpressmusic@icloud.com





stravinsky1911@me.com


hours




homecontactabout the editorcomposer loginreturns and refundspayment methodsshopping cart






sign up below to receive news from ring-press. your information is not shared with anyone.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





thank you!











