










+ donate  •  free cpr/stb  •  ride with us  •  join us




virginia beach volunteer rescue squad – because life happens









































about the squad

about us
our dedicated members
honor guard
life members & past captains / chiefs
equipment & facilities
butterfly mural and garden
history
faqs
awards and honors


support us

donate
volunteer
training
ride-along
swag
community partners
stories


contact us
resources

free cpr/stb classes
online resources
conference rooms
holiday safety hints
national preparedness month


events

fund drive
oyster fest
protection-in-pink campaign


 


select page


  
 



 



 











we are neighbors saving neighbors.
life happens. and in virginia beach, volunteers trained in life-saving skills are all around you when it does.

for 70 years, you've been coming to our rescue so we can come to yours. please continue supporting us!











the 49th oyster fest is on march 2, 2025


day(s)

:


hour(s)

:


minute(s)

:


second(s)



get tickets here







thanks to you,



vbvrs volunteer members have the opportunity to donate more than 83,000 hours of community service this year.



thanks to you,



residents of virginia beach can count on free pre-hospital emergency medical care.



thanks to you,



responses by vbvrs ambulances were made in 2024 at all times of the day and night. 







squad stories: volunteer daniella pizarro













support the virginia beach volunteer rescue squad.
every dollar counts.
you can be the difference that allows us to have the life-saving equipment and supplies we need to answer every cry for help.
 

support your local volunteer rescue squad





honor someone you know.
did you know that you can honor someone when you give us a donation?
 
 

honor a loved one



learn cpr. absolutely free.
did you know that 70% of all sudden cardiac arrests take place in the home? now you know. come learn what to do.
 

register for free cpr





join us. we need you.
help us help others. and see what a difference it makes in your own life. start the process by filling out the online application.
 
 

make a difference



you like us. you really like us.
share how a vbvrs crew rescued you! tell us your story and we’ll tell you ours, keeping you up to date with all that our crews are doing.
 
 

like our facebook page









thinking about joining?







ride with us. see what it’s like.

if you want to experience what a day in the life of a vbvrs volunteer is like, sign up as an observer. it’s the real deal.

join a crew for a shift





free training. that’s right, free.

learn a new skill, be a hero, give back to your community, or launch a new career. whatever your reason, ems training is free.

register for class





questions? we have answers.

here’s a list of the questions we hear most. if you don’t see what you need here, please let us know.

find out more about us








my mother talks so warmly about the care you gave her in her time of need. keep on sharing your gift; it does not go unnoticed.
- a grateful patient's daughter









here are some easy ways to support us.







kroger community rewards
link your kroger plus card to vbvrs and every time you shop you’ll be making a donation to vbvrs. it’s easy.
learn more ›





goodshop & goodsearch
using the search engine goodsearch or shopping for well-known brands through goodshop will bring us much-needed donations without costing you a penny.
learn more ›



 








 read the latest squad news in our newsletter and stay in the know.



sign up and keep up








home
about the squadour dedicated membershonor guardlife members & past captainsawards and honorsequipment & facilitieshistoryfaq's



contact us
support usdonatevolunteertrainingride-alongcommunity partnersstories



resourcesfree cpr classesonline resourcesholiday safety hintsnational preparedness month
eventsoyster festfund drive











followfollowfollowfollowfollow


© virginia beach rescue squad . maintained by vbvrs members. all rights reserved. privacy policy. website by red chalk studios.








  

 
 
 






















