












heather downs country club - golf course in toledo | toledo, oh














































 3910 heatherdowns blvd, toledo, oh 43614 | reservations: 419.720.3394|

online store










homecourse
about uscourse layouteventspro shopgallerybogey's bar & grillreviewsgolf instructionevents
event centerevent calendaroutingsleaguescontact usnewsemail clubbook a tee time
























heather downs country club

    northwest ohio’s premier semi-private golf and event destination

												book a tee time






 zac6541 websize
 


 











golf leagues

are you looking to find a new home for your golf league, or interested in joining a league this season?







book online

reserve your next round with our online booking engine.







events

host your wedding reception or social event with hdcc!







tournaments & outings

host your next event with us!














welcome to heather downs country club






established in 1924, heather downs country club of toledo, oh, was first a horse-racing track before it was a private country club. the now semi-private, 18-hole course welcomes members and the public to this historic site.
our full-service facility features a 30,000-square-foot clubhouse that serves as an ideal setting for wedding receptions, corporate meetings, luncheons, bridal & baby showers, reunions and golf outings. we also offer delicious dinner service in bogey’s bar & grill, competitive golf prices and a friendly staff.
give heather downs a visit today, and we're certain you'll soon find yourself returning — time and time again!










instruction
heather downs offers golf instruction for all level of players in the toledo area. whether you’re an accomplished player or new to the game, our professional staff of instructors is here to assist you at accomplishing your goals.
we take pride in our ability to teach students what will help them learn to swing the club better and improve their game.
learn more
membership
heather downs cc is a semi-private golf club that offers golf memberships to adults, couples, seniors and juniors. our facility has the top notch amenities throughout. a demanding yet fair, 18 hole layout will test every club in the bag. the driving range and practice center is always well maintained and is a great place to work on all areas of your game. our staff will quickly get to know you and greet you with a smile!
learn more
email club
join our email club and​ be the first to receive golf updates and specials.






first name(*)


invalid input



last name(*)


invalid input



email(*)


invalid input





submit














toledo, oh weather










© 2025 heather downs country club | 3910 heatherdowns blvd, toledo, oh 43614 | reservations: 419.720.3394powered by foreupcontact us | site map





close 







home








tee times








events








join








contact







homecourse
about uscourse layouteventspro shopgallerybogey's bar & grillreviewsgolf instructionevents
event centerevent calendaroutingsleaguescontact usnewsemail clubbook a tee time


 3910 heatherdowns blvd, toledo, oh 43614 | reservations: 419.720.3394|

online store 





