











 

















breakview llc
home|about

invoice payment
|webinars

sensitivity training consent sexual decision-making cultural sensitivity (business) cultural sensitivity (education) managing conflict managing emotions professional boundaries sexual harassment racial sensitivity unconscious bias
|self-study

course catalog login
|contact us|canada site
1.866.377.0165customer successwhat people sayi wanted to say thank you for helping me to interrupt and disrupt the narrative that i've often used when i don’t get my own way, or when i feel that my opinions and ideas are devalued.i could tell that the facilitator responded to my needs. at times, i could tell that the discussion was more important than running through the content.
i agree that adults learn by talking.youtubepodcastwithout a doubt, you helped me discover the missing piece in my  narrative with clients and staff.
i'm learning never to give into my inner child and to remain engaged.keep up to date with our newslettersubscribe thank you, we'll be in touch soon.online - self-study coursesself-study: using time wiselyduration: 3 hourscost: $149 - buy now - 16-step self-study course.self-study: consentduration: 2 hourscost: $149 - coming soon!self-study: professional boundariesduration: 3 hourscost: $175 - buy now - 20-step self-study course.self-study: cultural sen. for educatorsduration: 3.5 hourscost: $295 - buy now - 18-step self-study course.self-study: cultural sen. for non-teaching staffduration: 3 hourscost: $236 - buy now - 16-step self-study course.self-study: sexual harassment trainingduration: 2 hourscost: $99 - buy now - 10-step self-study course.live webinarsprofessional boundariesthe notion that boundaries bring people closer together seems astounding. after all, we can consider boundaries to be a like a fence. yet, it really is about purpose. webinarduration: 4 hourscost: $400please contact us for bookings 1.866.377.0165read moremanaging emotionsself-regulation is not an impossible task. we will help you to discover and unpack the link between your thinking, emotions, and behavior. get proven strategies to navigate challenging situations.webinarduration: 3.5 hourscost: $300please contact us for bookings 1.866.377.0165read moretransform conflictthe interactive managing conflict webinar will give you a series of frameworks to help you transform conflict into collaboration.webinarduration: 3.5 hourscost: $395please contact us for bookings 1.866.377.0165read moreunconscious biasthe interactive course will support you in removing the limiting beliefs and values that hinder the benefits of diverse talent - innovation and the capacity to speak authentically to a wider market.webinarduration: 2 hourscost: $200please contact us for bookings 1.866.377.0165read morecultural sensitivityone of the big ideas of the course is that educators have an obligation— legal, moral, and ethical— to support the well-being and success of those within their institution. webinarduration: 4 hours (for educators)cost: $400webinarduration: 3 hours (for support staff)cost: $295please contact us for bookings 1.866.377.0165read moremanaging emotionsboundariesfor professionalssexual harassmentconsentsexual decision-makingsensitivity trainingsensitivitycultural for educationracial sensitivitysensitivitycultural for business blog
 moving forward after an offense“the pendulum has swung too far, and people are just too sensitive these days.”  as a sensitivity trainer, i hear…continue reading → healthy boundaries in sales: building resilient, productive sales departmentsa report on the follow article: sales managers need to take mental health seriously. many sales reps struggle with stress,…continue reading → culture is key to productivityif culture is key to the productivity and success of an organization, why don’t we invest more in keeping our…continue reading → 3 reasons to avoid debating politics at workwhy avoid political debates at work? just ask google. according to a recent article in forbes, until very recently the…continue reading → how leaders are increasing productivity by increasing awarenessa recent article published in the higher education review lists some benefits of getting leaders trained in civility and respect.…continue reading → social location and social mobilitythis is a brilliant video that unpacks the concept of social location and the benefits that accrue to individuals based…continue reading → productivity a definition – part 2in part 1, i made the bold statement that the number one job of a leader is productivity. let’s continue…continue reading → productivity – part 1as a leader, your number one responsibility is to increase productivity. whether it’s improving employee productivity, employee efficiency, meeting deadlines,…continue reading →
breakview llcsensitivity trainingdiversity and sensitivityracial sensitivitysexual harassmentcultural for educatorsunconscious biasboundaries trainingmanaging emotionsprofessional boundariesmanaging conflictviolence preventionself-studycatalog of courseskeep up to date with our newslettersubscribethank you, we'll be in touch soon. copyright @2024 . all rights reserved




 

