




welcome to ventana's voyage









 



 





we’re glad you are aboard to join us for our voyage as we travel the world’s
oceans. this site is designed for our family and friends to accompany us on our
passages and to help those sailors, armchair and otherwise, who may wish to
follow in our wake to their own cruising destinations.  some of the
information is designed to educate our  landlubberly  friends who have
never sailed and other areas are for those preparing their boats for ocean
crossings.  we hope there will be plenty here to inform and entertain
everyone     
           .      
                
                                     
 
fair winds,
rob & dee


march 2012-- completing our circumnavigation of the world



ventana exited the mediterranean on october 20, 2011 at the straits of gibraltar 
and headed out into the atlantic ocean.  after stops in morocco, the canary 
islands and cape verde's we were ready to cross the atlantic ocean.  
departing the day after christmas for our third major ocean crossing we expected 
to be at sea about 16-18 days, before reaching barbados.  unfortunately we 
had our roughest ocean passage ever and after 17 days our trip finally ended- 
not with a bang but a whimper.   after a week of licking our wounds in 
barbados we set off for one of our favorite stops in the caribbean- the tobago 
cays.  it was here at 10:07 am on january 18, 2012 that we crossed our 
previous outbound track thus completing our 17 year 50,000 mile circumnavigation of the world .  
what a tremendous feeling of accomplishment!!
 

the truth at last...we won the lottery
when we departed to go cruising rob was only 42 
years old and dee a bit older.  most of our family and friends could not believe we could afford 
to retire.  no matter how politely they phrased it eventually most asked 
how we could afford such a lifestyle.  usually we mumbled something about 
investing wisely in the stock market but the truth is we can afford to cruise 
because we won the lottery.   until now we have not talked about it 
but our win was bigger than the new york state powerball 
prize.  to read the entire story click here. 

 

our indonesia scholarship program's first student graduated cum laude in 
2010 and has since been joined by several others.  by 2014 there we had 14 
kids in university or graduated.  
congratulations to all our students- we are very proud of you.


the scholarship program that dee and i  started 
with the participation of the 2006 sail indonesia rally awarded its first 
college scholarships in 2006.  since then eight more scholarships have been 
awarded bringing the total to eleven students  now getting university 
educations through our program.   
you can read about it here. 


 
to read about our four month, 9,000 mile 4 wheel drive 
safari in africa-  
click here
what we learned in 17 years at sea - rob's speech on 9 insights for an extraordinary life.  given at burning on the main stage and other venues.   
click here


nine insights for an extraordinary life

your sense of self worth comes from you not from others.
get rid of your old stories and old baggage that no longer serve you.
confront your fears – then courageously go forward.
learn the practical skills you need to master your relationships, your finances, your emotions and your health.
 learn to observe without judging- both yourself and others.
be present- live in the moment.
live in a state of gratitude.
find a way to contribute to others.
be comfortable with a degree of uncertainty in your life, because the magic lies just outside your comfort zone. 

©rob dubin 2018


recently added pages

spain 
gibraltar
morocco
canary islands
cape verdes 

 

mediterranean
greece
sicily
italy
sardinia
corsica
monaco
france

 
 
the two most common questions we get asked are about 
storms at sea and pirates.  for those of you wondering we can now tell you 
about both.
to read about a pirate encounter click here.
to read about a storm at sea click here.
for those who like the drama you can read about our 
near disaster in the red sea here.
a new section has been added to our website-
cruising notes
the cruising notes pages are 
specifically directed at other circumnavigators who are behind us and may 
benefit from our experiences.  they are brief unvarnished notes with 
details on anchorages, winds, weather, dive sites, where to get gas and 
groceries, etc.  most of them were written as email  advice to our 
cruising friends who were coming along in our wake.   to jump to the 
cruising notes click here.
 
new pages added november 2010

turkey 

turkey 2
croatia
 

new pages added may 2010

egypt
egyptian antiquities
israel
cyprus
turkey
petra, jordan
alanya marina warning- turkey

new pages added september 2009

ssca article on piracy
ssca article on cruising from 
  thailand to the mediterranean including the gulf of aden and the red sea

new pages added june 2009

red sea
oman
yemen
eritrea 

sudan
dinghy 
  etiquette
indonesia article in ssca 
  magazine

 

new pages added march 2009

south 
  indian ocean
north indian ocean
se asia
thailand
burma- myanmar
cambodia
vietnam
laos
sri lanka
maldives
oman
us 
  gyroplane trip 2008
 



insurance nightmare
not long ago we discovered that the cruising 
insurance that had cost us nearly $ 5,000 was invalid and that a disreputable 
broker (al golden of international marine insurance) had taken our money and not purchased any insurance.  as a warning 
to other cruisers
please read 
that story here. 

older pages



 indonesia



 
scholarship program



 komodo 



 
sumbawa 



 lombok  



 growing rice 



 bali  




royal funeral 



 java 




borneo



having lived 
aboard ventana and been cruising full time since 1996 we decided in 2004 to 
temporarily switch gears, so in october 2004 we began 
an entirely different adventure as we returned to the united states and began a 
tour of america.  with rob flying a tiny homebuilt gyroplane and 
dee driving a 35' motorhome we explored 
america.  a 
gyroplane looks like a miniature helicopter and usually flies only a few hundred feet off the 
ground at about 60 miles per hour.  rob became the first person in history to fly 
a continuous trip by gyroplane to all 48 states in the continental u.s. upon 
completion of the trip he received the prestigious pioneer of vertical flight 
award from groen brothers aviation.  to read about that adventure visit


www.gyroamerica.com
early in 2006 we explored a bit 
more of australia 
by car as well as spending 3 weeks in tasmania--  australia's large southern 
island.  following that we diverted to the 
u.s. again 
for an exciting 3 week kayak/raft trip down the 
grand canyon in arizona.  
to read 
about our australian adventures- click here.
in may of 2006 
we returned to our sailboat in australia to begin the long 2,200  mile 
sail up the east coast and over the top to darwin.  in july of 2006 we 
joined the 
darwin, 
australia to kupang, indonesia rally.  from there we sailed through 
indonesia to bali. in early october we continue on to borneo, then malaysia with stops in singapore, lankgawi 
and on to phuket., thailand by december of 2006.  

 

ventana 
at anchor in englishman's bay 
tobago, 1996

 
about the dubins:
rob's background is adventure.  mountain climbing including reaching 
the summit of alaska's denali, kayaking unexplored rivers, downhill and cross 
country skiing, scuba diving, piloting small aircraft,  bicycling, mountain 
biking and of course sailing. 
dee's background is varied from working on minority employment  
programs, to banking to construction.  she too is an avid skier and 
mountaineer and experienced kayaker, scuba diver and sailor.

rob & dee were married in 1982 and at that time dee discontinued her job as 
a condominium construction superintendent and joined rob in his
company, alpine film productions.  over the next 15 years they
produced hundreds of tv commercials, television programs, corporate films and
sports documentaries.  with dee working as a producer and rob as a
director/cameraman they traveled throughout the world for clients such as abc,
nbc, cbs, espn, the travel channel and many fortune 500 companies.  in 1989
they launched sailing quarterly video magazine, a videotape series 
covering the sport of sailing.  in the process of videotaping these
programs the dubins learned sailing from their program hosts including
america's  cup veteran  gary jobson and ocean veterans tristan jones,
hal  roth, don street, john rousmanierre, robert perry and others. spending
10 -15  days of each month on the water from 1989 - 1995  the dubins had the
opportunity to sail on hundreds of boats from tonga to norway, romania to new
zealand.  the boats  included typical charter boats to
circumnavigators to america's cup and whitbread racers resulting in a broad
experience covering all aspects of the fascinating sport of sailing.  in
1995 the dubins put down the cameras sold the house, bought a new boat and began
to live the life they had been filming.  



 
where
in the world is ventana
right
now?





through the incredible wonders of technology you can see a map of the world showing exactly where we are in near real time. 
 ventana will be indicated by dee's ham radio call sign which is
kg4ayo


when you are through the back button on your browser will return you here
 
click here to see where we 
are
 

in addition to seeing a map locating ventana you can also find 
out 
our latitude and longitude and sailing conditions.




for an explanation of the technology that makes this 
possible click here.   

for an explanation of latitude and longitude

  
click
here.




our website is large so if you do not find what you
are looking for please 
click here to go to our 
contents page .  


you can also check in our 
links page for others that can help you. 




 







 


 

back to top.
webmaster- rob dubin                            © copyright 2003-2018   rob  dubin               
page last updated
12/16/2012

