
















custom workbenches, workstations - lab furniture | formaspace







































































 







































call us

(800) 251-1505

     
























call us

(800) 251-1505

     






3dconfigureshopgallerywet lab gallerytech lab galleryindustrial furniture galleryproducts galleryverticals galleryget quotesmart shipdesign workbenchessubmit custom requestcontactabout usoverviewcareers




















products

basix™
bench plus™
benchmarx™
flx
rgx
drafting tables
accessories
surfaces
cabinets
chairs
finishes


wet lab

chemical resistant countertops
lab casework
lab instrument tables
sample processing
cleanroom for wet lab
fume hoods


tech lab

esd workbenches
lan stations
cleanroom for tech lab
data entry workstations
monitoring stations
computer workstations


industrial

assembly workbenches
material handling workstations
manufacturing workstations
tool benches
rack systems
heavy duty workbenches


office
verticals

aerospace
government (gsa)
education
makerspace
healthcare
pharmaceutical
entertainment
life sciences
testing lab
medical and clinical lab


services

custom furniture design
rapid plant assessment
commercial furniture installation
powder coating services
enterprise furniture design pm


inspiration

articles
videos
case studies


support & tools

faq
become a reseller
order samples
download catalogs
product assembly
product ordering
product shipping
formaspace warranty
our green policy
installation request
make a payment
freight claim
office space calculator
corner workbench calculator


 






























            loading...
            


wet lab



browse applications



tech lab



browse applications



industrial



browse applications



office



browse applications



3dconfigure



configure now















project gallery


















view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery view in gallery 

















testimonials












i recommend formaspace because they are reliable, timely, and they keep promises.
– j. garzon, aviall,a boeing company






fast, courteous and professional service with no issues and better than predicted lead times.
– g. lindberg, arrow cryogenics






the product is high quality, at a reasonable price and the customer service is excellent!
– s. satterfield, nike, inc






very responsive, great customer service. extremely customizable products.
– j. saliba, saliba’s extended care pharmacy






efficient, timely and perfect furniture for our lab! we love the flexibility to never-ending changes that occur in laboratory medicine.
– l. davis, mission health hospital













our product capabilities





standard

what is standard?
formaspace standard products are pre-engineered and quickly manufactured. the 5.0 product line simplifies the workbench specification process and helps you rapidly reach install day. configure your space with basix, bench plus, benchmarx, or the architecturally specified products, fabwall and triton.
what are the standard sizes?
starting at 24”, 5.0 workbenches increase in width in 6” increments up to 96”. starting at 24”, 5.0 benches also increase in depth in 6” increments. standard products are available in 30”, 36” or 42” high.
what are the standard materials?
formaspace 5.0 standard product surfaces come in maple butcher block, stainless steel, powder-coated steel, laminate, esd laminate, phenolic, epoxy, and hdpe. the frame is made of 100% american-made steel and powder coated in your choice of color.



products


basix™bench plus™benchmarx™flxrgx



























modified

what is a modified product?
a modified product requires a simple engineering change to the 5.0 standard product line. need a specific size that does not fall within the 6” increments? or would you like to use a unique material outside of our standards? inform your account manager and our team will customize our products to fit your specific needs.
why should i modify a product?
to improve spatial efficiency and productivity in your facility. task-specific workbenches support end-user efforts and, for many clients, help you achieve your strategic business goals.
how can i modify a product?
modified products are based on the basic structure and components of the 5.0 standard products. tweak the size, shape, surface material, or get the powder coat color matched to your corporate branded color. talk to your account manager about how you want to furnish your space today!





modified

what is a modified product?
a modified product requires a simple engineering change to the 5.0 standard product line. need a specific size that does not fall within the 6” increments? or would you like to use a unique material outside of our standards? inform your account manager and our team will customize our products to fit your specific needs.
why should i modify a product?
to improve spatial efficiency and productivity in your facility. task-specific workbenches support end-user efforts and, for many clients, help you achieve your strategic business goals.
how can i modify a product?
modified products are based on the basic structure and components of the 5.0 standard products. tweak the size, shape, surface material, or get the powder coat color matched to your corporate branded color. talk to your account manager about how you want to furnish your space today!















custom

what is a custom product?
a custom product is designed and engineered from scratch to meet your unique needs. formaspace custom workbenches and other products are created based on your operation, your operating shifts, and your specific workflow. read about how we helped our clients with custom furniture in our case studies.
what is the custom product design process?
our team of industrial designers and engineers specialize in custom furniture design. a member of our id&e team will work with you and your account manager​ to bring your idea to life. send over your concept as a sketch or an image you found online. your am will collaborate with id&e to create a two-dimensional product drawing. you can critique and tweak until the product meets your requirements. upon your approval, the product moves into production. then, the custom piece will ship to your desired facility for installation. the process takes an average of 10-12 weeks from ideation to shipping.
how long does a custom product take?
depending on the pace of approval and your material selection, the custom product design takes between 10-12 weeks on average.










dell






ft. sam houston








capital one






ariosa















custom

what is a custom product?
a custom product is designed and engineered from scratch to meet your unique needs. formaspace custom workbenches and other products are created based on your operation, your operating shifts, and your specific workflow. read about how we helped our clients with custom furniture in our case studies.
what is the custom product design process?
our team of industrial designers and engineers specialize in custom furniture design. a member of our id&e team will work with you and your account manager to bring your idea to life. send over your concept as a sketch or an image you found online. your am will collaborate with id&e to create a two-dimensional product drawing. you can critique and tweak until the product meets your requirements. upon your approval, the product moves into production. then, the custom piece will ship to your desired facility for installation. the process takes an average of 10-12 weeks from ideation to shipping.
how long does a custom product take?
depending on the pace of approval and your material selection, the custom product design takes between 10-12 weeks on average.










dell






ft. sam houston








capital one






ariosa











inspiration







case studies

learn more





videos

see more





articles

read more



 














newsletter
                        sign-up































                                contact
                                formaspace







location
1100 e. howard lane
suite 400
austin, tx 78753

 







phone
toll free: 800.251.1505
local: 512.279.2576
fax: 512.279.2589

 







email
email sales department 
email marketing department
 email client support

 




















©copyright 2025.  formaspace . all rights reserved.


     
 ©copyright 2025.  formaspace . all rights reserved.





become a resellerprivacy policyterms & conditionsformaspace warrantycareers

 











  do you want us to contact
                    you?
                
×


























                                no
                            



                                yes
                            





your dedicated design consultant is notified. he/she
                        will contact you as
                        soon as possible.










thank you!

×




your dedicated design
                    consultant, will contact you shortly to initiate your furniture project















×


email the department





























 attach files














send


















 






























