









kingsburg realty - central california real estate since 1923



























































 skip to navigation
skip to content





celebrating our 94th year serving california’s central valley
(559) 897-4151
  
menu
home
our listings

homes
commercial


search

kingsburg homes for sale
selma homes for sale
quick search
advanced search


rentals
local

restaurants
resources


about us
contact us

homeabout us
contact us
disclaimer
kingsburg homes for sale
listing details
news
our listings

our listings: commercial
our listings: homes


resources
restaurants
selma homes for sale


















 



home




                           
welcome to kingsburg realty
kingsburg realty, established in 1923, is located in kingsburg, california; it is one of the oldest real estate companies in central california.
click here to view our current featured listing or click here to do a search of all of the listings in the fresno multiple listing service.

are you interested in buying or selling real estate in kingsburg and selma, california and the surrounding area? there is no better way to save time, stress, and money in your central california real estate search than to get reliable and unbiased local information from our web page.
this site has been assembled with you in mind. every effort has been made to include the information that will be useful and instructive, whether you are buying your first home or selling your tenth.
if you are looking for a home or any type of property, please go to our contact page and register with us to get the latest and most comprehensive listing information as it comes on the market. if you include your e-mail address, we will send you all the new listings that fit your needs.
if you are unable to find the information that you need on this site, please contact us anytime. there will always be someone to help you.
larry lungren
broker/owner









			© kingsburg realty. all rights reserved.
					

kingsburg realty
1473 marion street, kingsburg, ca  93631
(559) 897-4151 fax: (559) 897-3568
contact@kingsburg-realty.com
ca dre# 01038299
website developed by webcity press | disclaimer 



 kingsburg realty 


homeour listings

homes commercial
search

kingsburg homes for sale selma homes for sale quick search advanced search
rentalslocal

restaurants resources
about uscontact us













