













borghi e saveri - equipment and sevices for testing
























































































































































 
























company

about us
history
motor valley


test cells

building and revamping
test bench control system


products

active dynamometers

asyncronous dynamometer fa type
permanent magnet motor fm type


passive dynamometers

eddy current dynamometers
hydraulic dynamometers


brake control unit


services

powertrain and component testing
vehicle testing
industrial application
maintenance


news
jobs
contacts





 










long experience and deep knowledge in dynamometerstest benchesfor future'spowertrainsstrong reputation with customers worldwidediscovermaintenancezero-downtime exchange
discover 















test cells and active / passive dynamometers 















companylook to the futurein 2019 the company was acquired by alma automotive, creating an industrial group capable of providing innovative and reliable solutions for engine testing, combining the high quality of our products with the competence in electronics and control systems of alma automotive.discoverhistory of borghi&saveryheritagelocationthe motor valleyinnovationthe alma automotive groupreliabilitythe legendary build qualityservicezero down-time for maintenanceperformancesolutions from big industrial engines to f1 















servicesfollowing the requirements
of the most demanding engine manufacturersthe company was founded in 1935 and started producing weight scales for commercial and industrial applications. we are located in the motor valley of emilia romagna, a place with an immense automotive heritage and where the most prestigious sports cars and motorbikes manufacturers were born.discover 















blognews & insights22 apr’ 24electric drive testing06 mar’ 24case study: thrust stand for micro turbojets23 oct’ 23brake control unit (bcu)06 jun’ 23tailor-made test cell for comprehensive testing solutions17 may’ 23test bench control system10 mar’ 23products and services showcasemore articles 















contactsget in touch

 














* – fields are required
				


first name *




last name *




email *




company *




i have read and accept the privacy policy



* – fields are required
				






message










 













 borghi & saveri s.r.l. società unipersonale
via provinciale bologna 28/30
40066, pieve di cento (bo) italy
c.f. 00625240379
registro imprese (bo) 00625240379
p.iva it 00519631204
r.e.a. presso c.c.i.a.a bologna n.116095
capitale sociale € 119.000,00 i. v.

 info@borghisaveri.it
tel:+39 051 975364
fax: +39 051 6861014
borghisaveri@legalmail.it (pec)
gli aiuti di stato e gli aiuti de minimis ricevuti dalla nostra impresa sono contenuti nel registro nazionale degli aiuti di stato di cui all’art. 52 della l. 234/2012 
l’elenco degli aiuti ricevuti è consultabile qui

 subscribe to newsletter

 










 name (required)
 

 surname(required)
 

 email(required)
 

 i have read and accept the privacy policy and i agree to subscribe to the newsletter.













© copyrights borghi & saveri srl - all rights reserved





scroll down




cookie policy






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





technical



technical

								always active							






technical cookies are strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of allowing the use of the site or of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of transmitting a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
cookies that are used exclusively for statistical purposes.





marketing


marketing







cookies required to create user profiles to send advertisements or to track the user on one website or multiple websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage vendors
read more about these purposes



accept all cookies
accept technical
manage settings
save preferences
manage settings


{title}
{title}
{title}



rivedi cookie
 

















































