






richmond – english language teaching
















 






















menu







close







catalog

bilingual education
preschool
primary
secondary
young adults
supplementary
exams
readers
richmond digital


webinars
where to buy
about

this is richmond
the authors





let's be friends































































choose your local site
latin america
argentina
brazil
bolivia
chile
colombia
costa rica
dominican republic
ecuador
el salvador
guatemala
honduras
mexico
nicaragua
panama
paraguay
peru
uruguay
venezuela








richmond
...is for everyone
…anytime, 
anywhere!






lastest news

education group santillana expands partnership with advantages digital learni...






webinar
setting up dynamic teaching platforms (session 1)


02 · 28 · 2021
















 
we are richmond, a leading publisher focused on english language teaching.

we work daily with teachers and parents to help students develop the skills they need to become successful citizens in a challenging and changing world.
we are committed to developing innovative, high-quality solutions to give students the best possible route to learning success.


more info










a solution designed for you!
richmond solution is our educational innovation system, aimed at schools that seek to advance their english language teaching programs through the design and implementation of a personalized plan.






 


solutions
richmond solution offers different proposals to better suit the needs and objectives of each institution. the different options take into account the number of hours per week being taught, the institutional teaching approach, and offer a variety of print, digital and blended contents and components.




 


educational technology
in richmond solution, learning develops through edtech and digital learning environments and paths, which provide meaningful learning and teaching experiences.




 


methodology
our methodology places students at the heart of the teaching and learning process, and encourages them to actively participate in their own learning in and outside the classroom.




 


systematic evaluation
evaluation in richmond solution acknowledges students´ accomplishment of the institutional goals proposed for each school grade.




 


learning analytics
our digital learning environments allow the creation of comparative repots, at entry and exit of a school year and for more than one year.




 


coaching and consultancy
our academic teams support innovation management strategically and in a flexible way.




 


processes
in richmond solution, processes are based on the institutional needs and on providing learning evidences to allow schools to make informed decisions.








more info...







 

richmond digital

the best decision for your school. here are some reasons why 








let's talk richmond!
from preschool through to young adults and adults, our innovative educational solution is your best path to complete learning success!




 bilingual education




 preschool




 primary




 secondary




 adult / young adult




 supplementary




 exams




 readers




 richmond digital







richmond elt catalog 2021

view richmond catalog




 

also available on




          app store
        




          play store
        






what parents, teachers and students say about richmond






 “the student progress monitoring tools in the richmond learning platform allow us to see clearly when our children need additional help and to be more involved in their learning process.”

raúl
parent, mexico





 “planning my lessons in the richmond learning platform is a great deal easier. i have all the content and resources i need for my classes in one place, accesible with a single click.”

romina
teacher, argentina





 “classroom time is precious and the rlp has helped me maximize class potential and use the flipped classroom model to share information online in a variety of formats and then use class time for group tasks and discussions.”

emiliano
teacher, colombia





 “i like studying with the richmond learning platform because i can work on my own and choose the activities i want to do. when i make mistakes, i keep trying, until i reach my goal.”

sônia
student, brazil










 
we would love
to hear from you!

richmond international’s main office is based in oxford, uk and we have people and offices all around the world.
if you would like to order our books or find out more about what richmond has to offer, get in touch with your local sales office.





let's get in touch! 

your name



your email




select your country
argentina
bolivia
brazil
chile
colombia
costa rica
dominican republic
ecuador
el salvador
guatemala
honduras
mexico
nicaragua
panama
paraguay
peru
puerto rico
uruguay
venezuela
other countries



your message




i agree to privacy policy


send message


















av. andrés bello 2299,
providencia, santiago, chile
contact

600 600 1808
asupport@richmondelt.com




join our community, let's be friends!




















              copyright © 2025 richmond publishing s.a. all rights reserved. 
              a company of 


terms of use
cookie policy
privacy policy














