ï»¿pompano beach hotel on the beach | beachcomber resort & clubskip to content  book now×make a reservationhave a question? 954.941.7830check incheck outrooms  adults  children  book now   open menuhomeabout uscontact usroomsguestrooms & suitesvillas1229 apartmentsluxury penthousegift cardsdiningdeepthings to do groups & eventsweddingsrequest proposalgallerybeach camday pass & cabana rentalsbeachcomber resort & club  1200 s. ocean blvd. pompano beach, florida 33062 united states    phone:  954.941.7830 social  link to facebook    link to instagram beachcomber rewards club oceanfront resortsun lovers wanted stay with us dine with us relax with us open modal button  ×close modal celebrate 2025 and save 25% - just extended - not for longwhen you stay 2 or more nights10% off 1 night stays-or- pre-pay & save 30% on 4 or more nightson select room typesreserve on our web site or call us directly954-941-7830and save even moresubject to availability, restrictions, terms & conditionslimited time only offer - reserve now sunshine and fun times await at our pompano beach hotela family-owned south florida classic, beachcomber resort & club have rooms, suites and villas placing you just steps away from the beautiful sands of pompano beach amidst the fun-filled attractions of the greater fort lauderdale area. escape your cares and soak up the sun in relaxed style—our pompano beachfront hotel is your ticket to paradise.when you stay at the beachcomber resort & club, you get the best of both worlds. enjoy the sun, sand, and surf at our private beach and pools, as well as the opportunity to explore unique water activities, dining, sporting, and concert events at the pompano beach amphitheater, hard rock stadium, and amerant bank arena. don't forget the shopping at the galleria and sawgrass mills malls. our tropical oasis is minutes away from all that pompano beach and the greater fort lauderdale area has to offer.  explore local attractions relax with us in styleoceanside relaxation awaitsflorida’s ocean scenes—there’s nothing quite like them. surround yourself with the warm sands, the beautiful palm trees, and the sound of the surf. vacation your way at beachcomber.learn morebeachside wedding timetreat yourself to the special location you’ve always wanted for your special day. weddings at beachcomber are timelessly classic on our lovely sand beaches.learn morebeachside dining in styletake in the ocean view with your toes in the sand at deep oceanfront dining and bar or refresh yourself at our beach bar. visit the living room café by day for freshly brewed specialty coffees, smoothies, and pastries, and join us in the evening when it transforms to the barracuda lounge for creative craft cocktails.learn moreoceanside amenitiesexperience the perfect blend of relaxation and adventure at beachcomber resort, where pristine beachfront meets exceptional hospitality. discover our vibrant community, cozy accommodations, and a variety of amenities that promise an unforgettable getaway.beachfront locationparkingwi-fiheated outdoor poolslearn morefollow us on social mediasrt  facebook link    instagram link  deals & packagesroomscontact usweb accessibilitysitemap footer navigation for mobile navigation   beachcomber resort & club  1200 s. ocean blvd. pompano beach, florida 33062 united states    phone:  954.941.7830 sign up for e-mail  sign up   facebook    instagram hotel website designbyvizergyour commitment to cleanliness and safety read more x click to close  scroll to top  call usbeach cambook now   