

battle of fulford 1066















fulford battlefied under threat
find us


    battle of fulford - 20 september 1066
search
summary of published report







if you are new to the battle, here are some starting points


extracts from the 
published report

finds 


evidence of metal 
      reprocessing work

literature


some 
articles about the battle and related matters



battle sequence showing 
what happened



evidence assessed form 
10 years work



soil survey



landscape archaeology



maps

the (lost) planning battle to save the battlefield
work in progress reports - 2005 -2008

a draft of the report of all the work, prior to publication, will 
      be on the site in august.
activity days




fulford report lecture and activity weekend 
  september 2010
the results of 12 years work to find the battle were revealed to 
    the people of fulford. the room was packed




latest new and changes
the next walk round the battlefield is scheduled for 25th 
    september, 2011.
meet opposite fulford cemetery 
    at 11am.


    battlefield archaeologists at the royal armouries in leeds 
this talk took place on 11 
    june 2011 

the 6th fields of conflict conference at osnabrück and kalkriese 15th-18th april 2011
the fulford research was presented at the leading 
international conference.
friday 17 february, 7.30 pm, fulford social hall
follow in the footsteps of king harald and 
his viking army as part of london 2012 open weekend 
charcoal making
xrf work
the sad story of the water voles 

(but there might be a happy ending)

progress report
in the news


national geographic the story of the recycling sites at fulford
walking to waltham abbey 
on bbc radio 4


the story from the press in york a bit of practical historic research. to see how 
ancient clothing worked and how long it would take to get the news of the defeat 
at fulford to harold at waltham abbey. hear a bit about it on the bbc
making 
history programme. 
if you want to understand a bit about the insane rules under which 
planning operates then read my recent letter 
published in the press. it describes two incidents when the inspector 
ignored reality because it was contrary to the official view. 
sad news about planning decision  
the minister has determined that the battlefield will provide the access road 
to this housing development. there is a news 
release.  efforts must now be devoted to ensuring that the rest of the 
site as well as the exciting finds we have made are properly investigated before 
the site is destroyed. 
 
in parallel with this, the complaints that were made to the minister about 
the bias and intrinsic unfairness of the inquiry process immediately after the 
public inquiry closed, will now be pursued. 
letters to the secretary of state after the inquiry 
 (left) in august 2010, road signs have 
    been erected to tell people that they are crossing the fulford battlefield. 
    the signs are on the a19 and are placed just to the north (the english side) 
    and the south (the norse side).this 
    sign is near the place where the land begins to slope down towards the ford.
    
many thanks to the parish council for this 
    imaginative way to let the locals know about the national heritage around 
    them.



we believe 
we have 3 metal working sites identified on the norse side of the battlefield. 
  it appears that metal from the battle was being reworked, presumably after the 
  battle.
  interpretation, 
  new finds, arrowhead
there are a couple of work in progress reports -
  2005 -2008
analysis of the finds will continue. we have now sorted through 2/3 of the 
finds.
a great activity day took place on sunday & monday 18/19 february 
    2007 to  sort the ferrous collection.
metal working tools. there are some similar items to those we have 
found in the city museum in northampton. see what you think.
museum, finds,
x-ray, and now xrf analysis.
the various floods have tested the evidence to the old course 
of germany beck that was revealed during soil survey work. the results are 
encouraging. we are now confident that we know where the beck flowed in 1066.





if you would like to be
    
    kept updated then register you interest. we will be publishing our 
    report, selling prints of the tapestry and other products to help with the 
    fund-raising to keep the projects going. more








   
  



  search battleoffulford.org.uk 
     










the public inquiry into the fate of germany beck opened on 
13 june 2006 and continued until late july. the inspector will be reporting to 
the secretary of state in the autumn. the minister has decided to approve the 
development and has not even required that relevant archaeological investigation 
is undertaken.   





    3rd reprint   
    
    now available in paperback



    ourownhisotry website
    for parents and children, of all ages
chas jones has written a 
    book which explains the events of 1066 leading to the battle of fulford. the book challenges much of the received wisdom about the 
    events of 1066. 

the role of earl tostig as the choreographer of the two invasions of 
      1066 is explored as is the routing of duke william's southern invasion by 
      king harold's navy.
drawing on the research that has been carried out around the site at 
    fulford, the course of the battle is interpreted for the first time. 
was king harold confident that duke william has already been defeated 
      in an unreported sea battle before heading north?

on 20 september 1066 a battle of the size and duration of the clash a few 
    weeks later at hastings led to the defeat of the northumbrian army. 
click on the cover to go to amazon to purchase the book.
published by tempus (now the history press), hardback, june 2006 - 0752438107, paperback 
    edition has now been published. about 
    the book paperback 9780752443263
 

    contact me and i will sell you a signed copy. very special price of 
£12.85 including postage in europe (please add an extra $ for overseas delivery) 





battlefield trust  site 
this is a wonderful, new resource for those who want to know about the battlefields 
of england and wales.


can you help? one author has donated copies 
of their books for us to sell.



    the embroiderers are making exceptional progress with the tapestry. 
    this was the first time that the pieces of the tapestry were all laid out 
    together!
the yorkshire 'bayeux' design  
a full sized, coloured print of our tapestry is due to be displayed for the 
first time at the battle of hastings commemoration 13/15 october 2006 
you can look at a black & white image of the 5 metre tapestry split into 
sections.
coloured-in design: panel 1
panel 2 panel 3
panel 4 panel 5
panel 6
part 1  
part 2  part 3 
part 4  part 
5   work in progress




using the landscape analysis it has been possible to reconstruct the landscape on which the battle was fought. a 
    table-top model has been built.
understanding the way the land looked in 
    1066 makes military sense and fits the literature very well.
    more






background to the battle of fulford
the battle of fulford, on the outskirts of york, has been
        overshadowed by the other great battles of 1066 at stamford bridge and
        hastings. 

20 september 1066 fulford
25 september 1066 stamford bridge
14 october 1066 hastings

   the sequence of events that flowed from the defeat of the northern earls at fulford led,
        a few weeks later, to the norman conquest of britain.
study the six map sequence
        that speculates on the fateful course of the battle.

to convey an impression of the importance of this battle, the size of the
       hastings
        battle site has been imposed on the
        fulford map for comparison. fulford looks bigger!
         
 

the battle of fulford 
destined to become an access road for a new estate
evidence section
a study of the landscape helps 
        reveal the setting for the battle.
a paper on the methodology adopted has been added. 
some interesting pottery 
the pattern of finds is analysed 
        and a new chart is added most months
maps 
    index - including 3d, geological and ancient maps.
views from battle of 
      hastings re-enactment 14 october 2006
what the experts say 
"the site of the battle that followed is still miraculously clear of 
urban development which has halted a few hundred yards north of the battlefield. 
the area is a challenge to the civil conscience as a site for permanent 
presentation - an eternal reminder of an interesting fragment of yorkshire 
history." edwin tetlow 'the enigma of hastings' pp 103 (peter 
owen 1974)




walking to waltham abbey



the underlying
        geology
        is key to placing the battlefield.
there have been 2 pieces of
        work to confirm the assumptions:


environmental work on the
            ings

latest work by developers

could
        fulford have been a bigger battle than hastings? no prizes for guessing
        the right answer. look at the evidence
other theories


history today.com 
history today has kindly given permission for the article about
        the battle of fulford to be reproduced on the site.
published in october 1966, its title is 
        "the
        third battle of 1066".  
 it makes very interesting reading...



 

 



home 
search contents 
books threat to the site


to register interest and get an email when it is available just 
click here


site provided by
    xhost



    keep me updated



© c jones 2001-11

the site was updated  14 june 2011



