



	schäferhund










schäferhund home







        the website for all your german shepherd endeavors









schäferhund home











welcome











information















overview















anatomy















schutzhund















breed standards















dog clubs















registration types











health















brood bitch



















pregnancy calendar















stud dog















puppy health















first aid















hip dysplasia















elbow dysplasia











marketplace















imports















puppies















stud dogs















search















breeders











articles















links to news and articles









 
    "remarkable in his unswerving loyalty to his master, irrepressible in his high spirits,
        
        never idle, always in motion, good-natured but not a flatterer, a constant pleasure
    to the eye."
   
    

        this is the description that prussian captain of cavalry max von stephanitz, who
        founded the german shepherd club over a hundred years ago, used to describe horand
        von grafath, the spirited ancestor of all german shepherd dogs which was born on
        the first of january 1895 and first registered as hektor linksrheim before being
        acquired by the captain.
    

        notable quotes
    

        he is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog.  you are his life, his
        love, his leader.
        
   he will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart.   you owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. 
               
        -anonymous

        gerlert

        a sad tribute to a dog named gerlert stands in the north wales town of beddgerlert.
        
        in the thirteenth century, gerlert's master, a prince, returned from the hunt to
        find his infant son missing and his crib bathed in blood. seeing gerlert's bloody
        mouth and fearing the worst, the enraged prince stabbed and killed his pet.
        
        gerlert's yelps of pain awoke the baby - who was hidden amid the blankets. under
        the bed, the prince found a dead wolf. it's throat had been torn out.
    

         









                         

                    copyright © 1996-2009 schaferhund.com created by 
                    laurie k. tollifson






