




matthew clark – graphic design






















 



















home
biography of matthew clark
experience
gallery
 





matthew clark graphic design


 






matt is a phenomenal graphic designer with a broad range in style and technique.
he is really good at bringing that out-of-the-box flavor to even the most standard projects, and then seeing those ideas through to production reality. he has flexibility and speed, and he’s comfortable working in a variety of brand contexts. he works more creatively than the average designer, even under challenging external constraints.
he’s great at coming up with lots of different concepts quickly, drawing from incredibly wide personal and creative influences. he can concept both visually and in short and long-form copy, then mock up his concepts with a depth and richness often missing in creative pitches. in other words, he can work inside the box, but lives outside of it.
– mia delong, former creative director, plesit



working with matt is easy and enjoyable … his ideas are lucid, his work exemplary and the results surprising and effective. my existing customers have been impressed with the imagery and design matt has provided, and new customers have told me how original, unexpected and delightful our visual materials are. with matt’s work, my company’s message is stronger and clearer than it’s ever been.
as a mostly inept computer user, it’s been important for the people with whom i work to communicate ideas without bogging me down with minutae and tech-jabber. though he is incredibly proficient with the software and hardware that he uses to produce his work, matt has understood this need since the beginning of our working relationship and has never overwhelmed me with jargon. he’s been instrumental in communicating our mission and quality of work, and a key component of our rapid growth and success.
– don williams, marketing director at valentines gifts for her



matthew delivers great creative, period. he is consistent and fast – two things that are important in any marketing organization. regardless of the industry, size of company or target audience, i know matthew will immediately understand what i’m trying to accomplish. and then, he always impresses me with his ability to translate marketing requirements into compelling, relevant and impactful creative. i’m always looking for an opportunity to work with him – he’s that good.
– lea toss, marketing operations systems manager, holla






 
     principles of design - graphic design theory  from abanoub milad nassief 








 contact us  |  desclaimer








