











































































st. louis post-dispatch | breaking news | read st. louis, mo and missouri breaking news. get latest news, events and information on missouri sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.























skip to main contentskip to main content



























26°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


metro



st. charles



illinois



nation & world



send a news tip




explore


email newsletters



stl 100 restaurants



top workplaces



winning stl



homicide tracker



public salaries



stl headliner awards




news topics


education



law & order



politics



traffic



weather



columnists



business


health care



nation & world




opinion


editorials



columnists



mailbag



submit a letter




obituaries


share your story



find an obituary




sports


cardinals



blues



stl city sc



b'hawks & more



mizzou



illini



slu



forums



betting




high school sports


schedules



schools



stats




fun & games


comics - a to z



games



puzzles



events




life & entertainment


books



dining



music



movies & tv



arts & theatre



home & garden



get healthy



pets



people



travel




digital exclusives


archives



e-edition



live chats



mobile apps



newsletters



podcasts



photo galleries



videos




share with us


news tip



press releases



share video



send a story



share a photo



stl pinch hits


feast magazine


ladue news



brand ave. studios


college connection



nurses



stories of honor 



teacher appreciation





buy & sell


place an ad



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce



jobs



customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



contact us



clear cookies



gift subscriptions






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest


my subscription

help center
my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obits

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

business

jobs

stl headliner








26°
snow shower


























        
            messenger: long after brew tulum coffee shop closed, landlord fixed lead issues

the owners of brew tulum are still fighting in court over the closure of their popular coffee shop in st. louis. 



















        
            worthy: baseball fans, let’s all agree not to give up on prospects so quickly

the rush to label still young baseball prospects as "busts" has gotten out of control. a plea for sanity. 



















        
            plaza frontenac’s movie theater, which often screened arthouse films, will close

the operator of the theater inside the high-end mall is being sued for back rent.



















        
            how a chesterfield man launched a meme coin worth millions on a ‘crazy’ crypto ride

ron branstetter created the “unicorn fart dust” meme coin to prove a point. what happened next surprised him.



















        
            sex inquiry at st. louis jail leads to wild standoff between sheriff and jail chief

when st. louis sheriff alfred montgomery went to the downtown jail on friday to question the detainee, a deputy jail commissioner blocked him. montgomery said he then had her handcuffed.



















        
            new nuclear plants in missouri? ameren says high demand requires new power mix

ameren missouri chairman and president mark birk called the updated plan "an acceleration of things that we would’ve done in the future," in an interview friday. 



















        
            historic ‘octagonal house’ in glendale gets a new addition

one of the most unique and historic homes in the heart of glendale, known as “the octagonal house,” recently got a respectful addition.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you






















        
            plaza frontenac’s movie theater, which often screened arthouse films, will close




















        
            sex inquiry at st. louis jail leads to wild standoff between sheriff and jail chief




















        
            meet nick anderson, once among mlb's elite relievers. can cardinals help him regain zip?
















                
                the latest





















        
            mcclellan: islands and dolphins and capital gains taxes





















        
            missouri lawmakers blast public defender for employing felon tied to child murder case





















        
            the oldest known image of st. louis is from a bank note dated 1817





















        
            trump’s plans to cut medical research funds will hit missouri hard




















                
                sports
                
                    




















        
            'i'm back and i'm ready to go play ball': all-star nolan arenado arrives in cardinals camp

jupiter, fla. — with a bag he received as the cardinals' representative a few years ago in the all-star game in seattle, nolan arenado walked toward the clubhouse he calls home again. 






















        
            hochman: who’s on first? contreras. but what guy’s on second for cardinals … and rf, cf, c and dh?

nolan arenado's return to the st. louis cardinals leads to a domino effect in the lineup.






















        
            how to watch mizzou tigers basketball vs. alabama crimson tide: tv, live stream, game time

after a slightly easier week, the difficulty is ratcheted up again this week as mizzou hosts alabama on wednesday.






















        
            mizzou's anthony robinson ii snaps slump with key performance in win over georgia

robinson tied for the team lead with 15 points. he also added seven assists, five rebounds and four steals — and no turnovers.














                
                latest video





















        
            cardinals' kyle leahy pitches to live batters at spring training





















        
            at home: the octagonal house of lauren and chris crevits





















        
            'we just have to be better executing,' slu's gibson jimerson on loss to loyola chicago

















                
                life & entertainment
                
                    




















        
            things to do in the garden this week

• begin to fertilize house plants as they show signs of new growth. plants still resting should receive no fertilizers yet. 






















        
            mcclellan: islands and dolphins and capital gains taxes

mcclellan writes that he might have some insight into the capital gains tax debate. 






















        
            tips for reusing pots for spring plantings

q • i have lots of pots i plan to reuse for plantings this spring, both plastic and terra cotta. how should i clean them to make sure there aren’t any leftover pests on them? 






















        
            8 shows to stream this black history month

with art oftentimes imitating life, many popular television series became platforms to explore, educate and inform on the depth and beauty of black history.












                
                partner
                
            









contributor










        
            post-holiday blues: best thc gummies to kickstart the new year

contributor content. this list covers a nice selection of thc gummies to help kick-start the new year. 












sponsored










        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor










        
            building a collaborative workplace culture: diana thomas shares insights for leaders and teams

contributor content. creating a workplace culture that values collaboration and teamwork can be essential for any organization’s success.












sponsored










        
            why we root: the psychology of sports fandom

content by underdog. learn about the psychology behind sports fandom. 
















                
                opinion
                
                    




















        
            editorial: one tall latte, with extra race-baiting

a day after filing bizarre starbucks lawsuit, bailey pleads for more staff






















        
            editorial: how does missouri's ag abuse his office? let us count the ways ...

missouri attorney general andrew bailey has repeatedly forced the taxpayers to fund headline-grabbing partisan litigation of questionable (or non-existent) legal validity, while failing in numerous ways to carry out his actual responsibilities as missouri's lawyer.






















        
            lynn schmidt: whatever you think of rfk, sen. cassidy did his duty while supporting him

advise and consent






















        
            opinion: how we have arrived at the brink of losing our democracy

since returning to the presidency last month, president donald trump has signed more than 50 executive orders. these include measures imposing steep tariffs, ending birthright citizenship, eliminating dei (diversity, equity and inclusive) policies and pardoning more than 1,500 individuals in…













                
                winning stl
                
                    




conversations with st. louis leaders. presented by purina



















        
            winning stl: katie's pizza founder on food, hospitality and not giving up


feb 4, 2025


katie lee tells her unique story of personal and professional failures and triumphs. she’s also writing a book.  






















        
            winning stl: why giving back to st. louis is important to the o’loughlin family


nov 11, 2024


bob o’loughlin, chairman and ceo of lodging hospitality management, discusses his philanthropic efforts and serving as chairman of old newsboys day alongside his son and grandson. 






















        
            winning stl: how the right attractions, and the right attitude, can ‘showcase a great city.’


jul 23, 2024


bob o’loughlin, chairman and ceo of lodging hospitality management, discusses the development key landmarks and why we should proudly promote the region’s assets. 






















        
            winning stl: maryville university’s ‘laser focus’ on technology and running ‘like a startup’


jul 9, 2024


maryville’s president, mark lombardi, discusses digital education and moving away from a tuition model to a subscription model. 













                
                business
                
                    




















        
            trump’s plans to cut medical research funds will hit missouri hard

rep. wesley bell: “it’s more than a financial blow; it’s a betrayal of the families who are depending on breakthroughs in cancer treatment, alzheimer’s research, and other critical health challenges.”  






















        
            people in business: central institute names; ranken jordan appoints; urban strategies promotes

here are this week's local business appointments, hires, and promotions.






















        
            business bulletin: a.t. still wins; hoffmann family markets: hda designs: sheer logistics earns

here are this week's local business awards, donations, and projects.






















        
            developer tried to save building from vandals. st. louis yanks grant instead

a developer has denied that work to shore up the building from break-ins violated federal rules after a st. louis agency rescinded a $2 million hud grant. 












                
                nation & world
                
            



















        
            who are the americans still in russian custody?

teacher marc fogel was released this week in what the white house described as a diplomatic thaw. here's a look at other americans who remain in russian custody.






















        
            fans in montreal loudly boo us anthem prior to americans’ 4 nations face-off game vs. canada

fans across canada have booed the u.s. anthem at nhl and nba games since president donald trump began making repeated references to the country becoming “the 51st state.”






















        
            rubio kicks off mideast trip in israel as arab leaders reel from trump’s gaza proposal

he will meet with netanyahu on sunday before traveling onward to the united arab emirates and saudi arabia, regional heavyweights that have rejected any mass displacement of palestinians.






















        
            us presented ukraine with a document to access its minerals but offered almost nothing in return

ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskyy’s decision not to sign a deal, at least for now, was described as “short-sighted” by a senior trump administration official.












                
                interact with us




















        
            nominate a nurse to be featured in the st. louis post-dispatch!





















        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 






















        
            nominate your favorite teacher to receive $250!





















        
            test your knowledge at the st. louis post-dispatch trivia night!












                
                events
                
                    










 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save












                
                listen now podcasts






















        
            mizzou hoops right back on track after thumping oklahoma: eye on the tigers podcast

eli hoff digs into missouri men's basketball's 85-81 loss at tennessee and argues it was actually a net positive for the tigers. eli sorts mu's remaining nine matchups into tiers of how winnable they are.























        
            best podcast in baseball's 13th season premiere: answering 10 questions facing cardinals

from jupiter, fla., post-dispatch writers benjamin hochman, daniel guerrero, and derrick goold discuss questions greeting cardinals for 2025.























        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.























        
            first impressions: cardinals top prospect jj wetherholt readies for spring training debut

shortstop, the no. 7 pick in the recent mlb draft, joins bpib for a conversation about cutting-edge tech, health, and much more with baseball writer derrick goold













                
                curated commerce
                
                    




















        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 






















        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.






















        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 






















        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    





























        
            apex learning for brightmont a



                                        1215 4th ave ste 1500, seattle, wa 98161
                                    






 website
























        
            affordable housing commission



                                        1520 market st  ste 2080 sherrell jacobs, st louis, mo 63103
                                    
























        
            mid-county fire protection district



                                        1875 pennsylvania ave, st louis, mo 63133
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















sale







        
            wheeler auctions - ad from 2025-02-16




9 hrs ago
























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





pinterest





instagram







feast magazine

ladue news

stl high school sports

stl pinch hits



sites & partners


apps

archives

calendar

chats

comics & games

contests

e-edition

forums

newsletters

our events

press releases

online features 

submit an event

get healthy




services


advertise with us

autos

classifieds

contact us

homes

jobs

site help

subscriber services

work here

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        st. louis post-dispatch, 901 n. 10th st. st. louis, mo 63101
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






trending

subscribe






national news

subscribe






news

subscribe





























