




chuang yi singapore - filming locations @ luxury condos










































contact us
privacy



rss







chuang yi singapore
filming locations @ luxury condos

home
privacy
contact us















 fullmetal alchemist creator announces new manga – possibly feature singapore’s landscape? aug 03 2021




 amber park: a site location, faqs dec 15 2020




 avenue south residences: review from a realtor mar 02 2020




 pacific mansion enbloc turns into new condo, the avenir, at river valley close. oct 04 2019






fullmetal alchemist creator announces new manga – possibly feature singapore’s landscape?
hiromu arakawa, creator of fullmetal alchemist, has revealed the first image from her new manga series. the manga series’ title has yet to be revealed, but it will apparently be set in feudal japan and will follow the narrative of an archer.square enix’s shonen gangan magazine will serialize the new series, which originally published full […]


 



amber park: a site location, faqs
where is amber park in singapore found? amber park’s actual location is 14 amber gardens, in singapore. the property’s postal code is 439960, and its workplaces’ working hours are from 9 am to 8 pm. amber park is a freehold rent private townhouse advancement, which is arranged along the amber road, and leads straightforwardly to […]


 



avenue south residences: review from a realtor
avenue south residence offers the experience of a lifetime to its residents. the residential property was developed by the uol group, along with its sister companies, the kheng leong company, and the united industrial corp. the main site is exquisite and is just a short drive away from outram park belt and chinatown. this makes […]


 



pacific mansion enbloc turns into new condo, the avenir, at river valley close.
entities controlled by singapore property head honcho kwek leng beng and his malaysian extremely rich person cousin quek leng chan have united for the $980 million acquisition of a freehold site in singapore’s upscale river valley region, turning it to the avenir at river valley close. see more of the avenir: theavenircondo.sg their procurement of […]


 















august 3, 2021
fullmetal alchemist creator announces new manga – possibly feature singapore’s landscape? 

hiromu arakawa, creator of fullmetal alchemist, has revealed the first image from her new manga series.
the manga series’ title has yet to be revealed, but it will apparently be set in feudal japan and will follow the narrative of an archer.square enix’s shonen gangan magazine will serialize the new series, which originally published full metal alchemist. note: no release date given.

image source: https://www.cbr.com/fullmetal-alchemist-creator-announces-new-manga/
shonen gangan teased in june that it would have some new news to share in time for the 20th anniversary of the first publication of fullmetal alchemist.
while this new manga series does not appear to be tied to edward and alphonse’s exploits, it does appear to be a part of the new announcements mentioned in the magazine.
featuring singapore landscape
singapore is a business hub and home to a number of global corporations.singapore, as a well-developed industrial metropolis in the heart of asia, is home to some of the world’s most prestigious condominiums and luxury film locations, making it a particularly appealing base for foreigners and expatriates.
the new fma series is rumored to feature a tribute to a location in singapore – the river promenade of singapore. the river promenade, located right beside riviere (also a film location for rent!), delivers a masterpiece that will stand the test of ages
it promises the view of singapore river as well as the famous singapore skyline.
we do not know exactly how and if it will be feature, but it’ll sure be a surprise tribute!
other similar anime tributes we seen previously includes – hellsing, fruits basket, ouran high host club, shaman king, and most recently, haikyuu!! at the tokyo olympics 2020.






by chuang yi singapore
comic, film locations










december 15, 2020
amber park: a site location, faqs 

where is amber park in singapore found?
amber park’s actual location is 14 amber gardens, in singapore. the property’s postal code is 439960, and its workplaces’ working hours are from 9 am to 8 pm.
amber park is a freehold rent private townhouse advancement, which is arranged along the amber road, and leads straightforwardly to the tanjong katong road. amber park has a perspective on the ocean and coast park, consequently why it is incredibly simple to find.
the site’s perspectives likewise incorporate radiant perspectives not too far off every day, is secure and encircled by a lot of engaging fascination. it is only 200 meters from the tanjong kiting mrt station, which gives a methods for open transportation on the doorstep of the amber park property.
the freehold improvement is additionally inside strolling distance to mrt, is generally, an unbelievable spot to live or to rent to different occupants and may fill in as a dependable resource for the future, especially due to its area.
tanjong katong mrt is just 3 minutes from the private turn of events and will give direct admittance to the marina constantly 2023, consequently one more motivation behind why this advancement is viewed as a mind blowing contribute, particularly for what’s to come.
where do i discover the floor plans of amber park in singapore?
amber park is a freehold rent private apartment suite improvement that is arranged close by amber road. amber park is a private improvement that prompts tanjong katong road and is together claimed cdl and hong realty.
the private advancement offers impeccable lodging choices to inhabitants living in singapore who might either want to buy a home for themselves or put resources into a home for others to rent.
the improvement offers unbelievable highlights, for example, perspectives on the ocean and east coast park. it is additionally arranged just 200 meters from the tanjong katong mrt station, offering much more comfort to inhabitants.
amber park’s design and condominium site have a double view advantage. to access a rich loft, you should act quick, as there are restricted accessible. there are likewise no extra structures accessible after the chinese swimming club.
for more data on amber park and to audit floor plans, you can get in touch with them on their site, amber park, or register for an early review on the web. amber park floor plans range from one-room lofts and that’s only the tip of the iceberg.
upon enlistment, clients will be educated about new floor plans being delivered on the site.
amber park’s actual location is 14 amber gardens, in singapore. the property’s postal code is 439960, and its workplaces’ working hours are from 9 am to 8 pm.
amber park is a freehold rent private townhouse advancement, which is arranged along the amber road, and leads straightforwardly to the tanjong katong road. amber park has a perspective on the ocean and coast park, consequently why it is incredibly simple to find.
the site’s perspectives likewise incorporate radiant perspectives not too far off every day, is secure and encircled by a lot of engaging fascination. it is only 200 meters from the tanjong kiting mrt station, which gives a methods for open transportation on the doorstep of the amber park property.
the freehold improvement is additionally inside strolling distance to mrt, is generally, an unbelievable spot to live or to rent to different occupants and may fill in as a dependable resource for the future, especially due to its area.
tanjong katong mrt is just 3 minutes from the private turn of events and will give direct admittance to the marina constantly 2023, consequently one more motivation behind why this advancement is viewed as a mind blowing contribute, particularly for what’s to come.

where do i discover the floor plans of amber park in singapore?
amber park is a freehold rent private apartment suite improvement that is arranged close by amber road. amber park is a private improvement that prompts tanjong katong road and is together claimed cdl and hong realty.
the private advancement offers impeccable lodging choices to inhabitants living in singapore who might either want to buy a home for themselves or put resources into a home for others to rent.
the improvement offers unbelievable highlights, for example, perspectives on the ocean and east coast park. it is additionally arranged just 200 meters from the tanjong katong mrt station, offering much more comfort to inhabitants.
amber park’s design and condominium site have a double view advantage. to access a rich loft, you should act quick, as there are restricted accessible. there are likewise no extra structures accessible after the chinese swimming club.
for more data on amber park and to audit floor plans, you can get in touch with them on their site, amber park, or register for an early review on the web. amber park floor plans range from one-room lofts and that’s only the tip of the iceberg.
upon enlistment, clients will be educated about new floor plans being delivered on the site – amberparkshowflat.com.sg/





by chuang yi singapore
film locations, property singapore










march 2, 2020
avenue south residences: review from a realtor 


avenue south residence offers the experience of a lifetime to its residents. the residential property was developed by the uol group, along with its sister companies, the kheng leong company, and the united industrial corp.
the main site is exquisite and is just a short drive away from outram park belt and chinatown. this makes it even more appealing to residents and has especially left me impressed and excited about the residential development’s surrounds.
the location is perfectly thought out and is situated along silat avenue, which is directly connected to major roads, such as jalan bukit merah and kampong bahru road. the residential development is also surrounded by countless amenities, boasting with views of the heartlands’ estate, including tiong bahru and telok blangah.
apart from its shopping facilities, the development itself has an incredible design and entertainment options that will blow your mind. these include the clarke and outram shopping district, which are two of the most popular shopping destinations in singapore.
what makes the condominium so special, is also the fact that the building itself is iconic and is a 99-year old development. it offers amazing views of the southern waterfront. if that isn’t enough, avenue south residence also offers incredible views of orchard and the ganges roads. the area itself is considered one of the most prime in singapore, with the buildings towering over the city’s other buildings.
why avenue south residence left me impressed
singapore is well known and adored for its incredible buildings and developments, but avenue south residence particularly has something unique to offer.
it offers an experience of a lifetime. there’s an exclusivity about avenue south residence that just doesn’t compare to any other. with a tenure of only a year short of a century, its 245,975 square foot site area has plenty of excitement and expectation that awaits, to say the least.
the experience avenue south residence has to offer
the residential development also includes 1074 units and an impressive 56 stories, which only leaves one imagining about how good the view looks from the top.
the condominium units range from one-bedroom to five-bedroom apartments and are perfect for families of all sizes. one of the condo’s biggest attractions, is its simplicity, translating the idea of how incredible it is to live in this magnificent skyscraper-like building.
the units are strategically placed with efficient airflow and ventilation. it provides perfect views, which is designed to face landscaped gardens, along with the sea and unblocked vistas leading to the city.
amenities surrounding the residential condominium development, furthermore, adds to its endearing popularity. it is located towards the end of the popular jalan bukit merah road, starting from queensway and leading to kampong bahru road. these roads include many well-known commercial and industrial buildings, such as connection one and rubicon offices, the public bukit merah library, primary schools, and bukit meral central.
finally, what impressed me the most, is the development’s design. it includes roads and transportation services that will literally make your life easier, the best educational facilities for your children, and is located close to popular amenities such as the orchard shopping district, the southern waterfront district, and south marina bay.
source: avenuesouthresidencecondo.sg/






by chuang yi singapore
film locations, property singapore










october 4, 2019
pacific mansion enbloc turns into new condo, the avenir, at river valley close. 

entities controlled by singapore property head honcho kwek leng beng and his malaysian extremely rich person cousin quek leng chan have united for the $980 million acquisition of a freehold site in singapore’s upscale river valley region, turning it to the avenir at river valley close.
see more of the avenir: theavenircondo.sg
their procurement of pacific mansion in district 9 denotes the greatest aggregate deal in over 10 years and the second-most noteworthy on record, as indicated by cbre, which handled the arrangement.
singapore-recorded guocoland, constrained by mr quek, reported yesterday that it has effectively offered for the site with intrepid investments and hong realty.
both intrepid investments and hong realty are lion’s share possessed by hong leong investment holdings (hlih), which is successfully constrained by mr kwek, however other relatives additionally claim stakes in these organizations.
guocoland and intrepid investments each hold a 40 percent stake in the task, while hong realty possesses a 20 percent premium.
the most recent arrangement denotes the biggest exchange in the present aggregate deal cycle, surpassing tampines court’s $970 million and amber park’s $907 million, and is outperformed distinctly by the closeout of farrer court for $1.34 billion out of 2007.
cbre chief of capital markets galven tan said that the delicate for pacific mansion drew enthusiasm from a bunch of neighborhood and remote engineers.
specialists gauge that the land cost for the pacific mansion site may mean an earn back the original investment cost of $2,530 to $2,800 per sq ft (psf), and a potential selling cost of $3,000 to $3,200 psf for the up and coming venture.
in simply the initial three months of this current year, 14 aggregate deals have timed all out continues of $5.6 billion, which is now 64 percent of the absolute continues of $8.7 billion from 30 aggregate deal locales for the entire of a year ago.
as hlih is regarded a generous investor of guocoland, intrepid investments and hong realty are considered intrigued people of guocoland under singapore exchange’s posting rules.
pacific mansion includes 288 lofts and two business units. proprietors speaking to more than 80 percent of the strata region and offer estimation of the advancement have assented to the aggregate deal. each private unit proprietor will remain to get a gross payout of $3.26 million to $3.48 million. the shop units will get between $2.2 million and $4.5 million.
retiree peter chia, 60, who has been living in pacific mansion for as far back as 10 years, respected the updates on the aggregate deal.
“it is a decent value,” he stated, including that he has not chosen where he will live later on.
he said another advancement could help inhale new life into the region, taking note of that the maturing property was not well-kept up.
be that as it may, not every person is happy. an inhabitant, who needed to be referred to just as mr lim, said he purchased a three-room loft in pacific mansion in 2016 and would bring about a 12 percent dealer’s stamp obligation (ssd).
he said he has neglected to get a ssd waiver from the specialists despite the fact that he didn’t sign on the aggregate deals understanding. the ssd, evaluated to be $384,000, would need to be paid even before he gets the deal continues. “this invalidates the point of the ssd in light of the fact that i am not an examiner,” said mr lim, adding that he burned through $40,000 to $50,000 on redesigns.





by chuang yi singapore
film locations, property singapore










october 25, 2018
fourth avenue residences: now on propertyguru 

about fourth avenue residences
fourth avenue residences by developer allgreen properties limited is situated in fourth avenue and bukit timah road. the development is bounded by guthrie house, fifth avenue condo, sixth avenue ville, bukit timah road, fifth avenue, and fourth avenue.
sixth avenue mrt station is located at doorstep of fourth avenue residences, and the pan island expressway is just mins drive away. pie is accessible via bukit timah road with just 1 minute drive away. taking the downtown line mrt towards the direction of the city, will bring you to botanic gardens mrt station, which is also an interchange for the circle line.
see: https://www.propertyguru.com.sg/listing/21536609/for-sale-fourth-avenue-residences
sixth avenue residences is conveniently

5 stops to orchard station
5 stops to buona vista mrt station
7 stops to bugis mrt
8 stops to jurong east


in this part of singapore and bring in a low density district makes the place very suitable for family living. reputable schools in the area include nanyang girls’ high school, hwa chong institution, nation junior college, raffles girl’s school, ngee ann polytechnic, and singapore institute of management. singapore’s premier education and university national university of singapore is also only about 10 mins drive away. a follow up review of the education institutions here are available online or by request.
fourth avenue residences location will be on site, the showflat will consists of 2 and 3br show suites. fourth residences floor plan will also be made available once you have registered with us, the development will consist of smaller units of 1bedroom up to 5 bedrooms to cater to every buyers’ needs. fourth avenue residences showroom will feature units with fully equipped furnishings and fittings, high quality marble and homogenous tiles will be provided to the units sold at fouth avenue residences at a very attractive price. the floor plans for fourth avenue residences will be put up in the showroom.
some amenities surrounding the development includes beauty world centre, bukit timah shopping centre, bukit timah community club, singapore botanic gardens, and bukit timah nature reserve. reviews from surroundings home owners indicates that once you have gotten used to the tranquillity and convenience of this estate, you’d feel less than the need to move to anywhere else.
fourth avenue residences price and psf will be around 2800-3500psf, further price adjustments will be made once the floor plans and condo price are released. as the pricing are still in the works, do check with our developer sales team or sales associates for final updates on the pricing and psf. allgreen properties will conduct a review on the price, and the pricing will be released. floor plans will also be made available once they are finalized.
the developer, allgreen properties limited is determined to maximize the potential of this piece of prime bukit timah real estate, and create a living space and home where families and children yearn to return to everyday.
full condominium facilities will be provided, including a lap pool, gym, sun deck, function room, bbq pits, children’s playground.
details & specifications:
address: fourth avenue residences
site area: 199,478
developer: allgreen properties limited
district: 10
tenure: 99 years
total units: to be confirmed
storey height: to be confirmed
doorstep mrt: sixth avenue mrt station
 





by chuang yi singapore
property singapore










august 4, 2018
announcement: granmil holdings to launch luxury condo in orchard road: boulevard 88 

granmil holdings (cdl & hong leong holdings) will release its new luxury boulevard 88 modern condominium project in late 2018 – the first large-scale launch in orchard road & cuscaden road.
the plum site at the corner of 81 orchard boulevard, which will yield 154 apartments and 28 storeys, was one of the most highly contested land plots last year.
the units will be released in phases. boulevard 88 prices have not been fixed yet but will start at an estimated high psf (per square foot) for the smallest apartments, which are two-bedders. marketing agents expect pricing to be more than recent condominium launches following the property market hype.
the nearby 302-unit martin place residences has had an average transacted price of $1,969 psf over the last 12 months, according to zacd group. average prices for martin 38 were $2,305 psf and $1,949 psf for the 545-unit rivergate. starlight suites, completed in 2014, has averaged $1,812 psf in the past 12 months.

mr. thomas seet, head of research and consultancy at sgcondo group, estimates boulevard 88’s breakeven price will be in line with one of the top condominiums in the area. the firm raised eyebrows when it paid $2,910 psf per plot ratio for the site last year.
mr. seet said: “you’ve got to give credit to them. what some developers would do is to carve out many small shoebox units to squeeze a higher psf price, but they didn’t.”
boulevard 88 condo will feature 28-storey towers will house 154 apartment units.
these will likely comprise a variety of two bedrooms, two-bedders plus a study, three-bedroom units, and premium three-bedders (including penthouses).
the largest units will be the top storey penthouses.
sgcondo group managing director expects half the buyers to be owner-occupiers and the other half investors.
boulevard 88, which has a freehold tenure, should be completed after 2022.
by then, the whole area will be primed with even more prestigious landmarks and shopping malls.
“if sales of boulevard 88 condo go well, there’s a possibility some developers might trigger that tender,” mr. seet said.
press release source: https://boulevard88condo.sg
prices: https://boulevard88condo.sg/prices





by chuang yi singapore
property singapore










june 13, 2018
south beach residences, a condo of fun and joy? 

back in 2016 when south beach residences top and launched its preview, the hyped up luxury condominium halted sales and preferred a vacant period to selling off to the hype. citing reasons, “sometime in 2014, cdl, south beach residences’ developer, turned down an offer of $26 million for one of its penthouses citing imperfect timing to launch the project. it did not wish to sell any unit until market conditions were suitable.”
this quarter of 2018, cdl reannounced plans to put south beach residences back to the market, suggesting that the market is right and primed for real estate. this could potentially mean the property outlook is strong for the next few years and while prices are rising, it is a great opportunity to spring into the first wave of purchases before prices skyrocket due to market speculation.

what is south beach residences all about?
south beach is the epitome of the definition of an integrated development. situated right in the heart of the most happening and busiest district of singapore, the development will consist of 5 star hotel, upscale grade a offices, luxury retail, ballrooms, business centres and restaurants. south beach residences gives the opportunity to own an ultra-luxury residential unit in this mega-development. jointly developed by city developments limited and ioi group, south beach is located next to the esplanade mrt and city hall mrt and within downtown.
the condo itself includes about 500,000 sq feet of office space, 190 apartments, a 654-room hotel, about 37,000 sq ft of retail space and a 29,000 sq ft private club. you can guess why it attracted an excited crowd especially investors from around the region. everyone wants to get a foot into this prime condominium since its becoming of an integrated resort-like development like the previously acclaimed marina bay sands.
property boom in 2018
previously mentioned, we expect the real estate market to go nuts in 2018. this is in line with what we observe thus far: more and more new condo launches with up to 6,000 residential units up for grabs in singapore. “this year, 18 private residential projects with an estimated 6,000 units were launched for sale, says ong teck hui, jll national director of research. he foresees about 20 projects being launched next year, yielding 8,000 to 9,000 units. ong’s forecast for new home sales in 2018 is 11,000 to 12,000 units.” up from 11,000 projected sales in 2017, this is roughly an 8.3% increase in projected sales. in fact, there has been a 38% increase in sales as we moved from april to may. no wonder south beach residences has always been ready for this moment – they wanted prospect buyers who are able to an ultra-luxury development like this!

what makes south beach residences so attractive?
being an all-integrated mega development (the 29,000 sqft private club makes it crazy alone!), here are the main reasons why south beach residences is so attractive:

iconic architecture
surrounded by iconic buildings and monuments
ultimate convenience – dining, retails, drinking, clubbing under 1 development
access 3 mrt lines via underground walkways
spectacular views
destination in its own right
truly the “one-in-a-million” development, made for the wealthy

to quote from the developer:
“fine craftsmanship. thoughtful finishing. south beach residences caters to the most discerning. each unit is furnished with quality appliances and fittings from leading international brands such as miele, duravit and keuco, infusing every unit with a sense of modernity and timelessness. exquisitely designed, these homes set the benchmark for urban luxury.”

since south beach residences is developed beside the cbd, the site itself is fantastic. get views of the sea, singapore cbd skyline and the marina bay reservoir area all under 1 roof with a good bird’s eye view of the city landscape. furthermore, the condo is rich in heritage too – the south-west face will open onto the war memorial park which houses the civilian war memorial monument. this is one of singapore’s most famous heritage landmarks (completed and unveiled in 1967). it is highly unlikely this site will ever be redeveloped anywhere in the near future. beyond that is the padang and esplanade park which are open greenery space. this will probably be where the prime stacks will be facing as this frontage offers the best-unbridled view of the cbd skyline and the marina bay area.
a luxury development alongside positive real estate outlook
in mathematics, you learn that two positives create a greater output. and here’s the situation developing for south beach residences. on one hand, a highly reputable development with incredible amenities, prime location, and one of the best views in the city. on the other hand, a property outlook that looks like it’s ready to charge into a bullish movement anytime. which is why we think that south beach residences is set to boom for 2018.
in case you were wondering, the unit sizes are atypical of singapore housing – they are fairly huge (of course with a greater price to pay):
unit types: 

88, 2-bedrooms (968 – 1647 sqft)
61, 3-bedrooms (1,733 – 2,260 sqft)
35, 4-bedrooms (2,282 – 2,627 sqft)
3, 3-bedroom penthouse (3,581 – 5,048 sqft)
2, 4-bedroom penthouse (4,127 – 5,629 sqft)
1, 5-bedroom penthouse (5,768 sqft)

the current prices psf are not officially released yet, and we advise interested buyers to contact us to get an early preview during the relaunch, together with any e-brochures disbursement.
how the surrounding area – south beach avenue – makes the development even better
enough about the condo, let us take a quick dive into what makes the area so special.
south beach residences is located right at 38 beach road, surrounding south beach avenue. south beach avenue spans 32,000 sqft located within the basement, street level and conservation heritage buildings, south beach avenue has attracted many crowds from the civic district. with direct connections to esplanade mrt station and city hall mrt interchange, many can now seamlessly enjoy convenient access to dining establishments and drinking experiences in south beach avenues’ expansive and generous spaces and exquisite.
for the foodie, south beach singapore is home to 16 dining and lifestyle concepts, including more than 10 restaurants, cafes and drinking places. you’ll never get to miss a day without a drink or two (or a good night out!)
so be ready to enjoy your lifestyle when you finally decide to be a resident of south beach residences!

finally, how to find out more about south beach residences?
learn more about the project details and the condo itself when you visit our main page at https://southbeachresidences-official.sg. for those who want to get a more personalized touch and an experienced consultant to understand and help you plan for the best suitable units for your purchase, then simply drop us an enquiry email at here.





by chuang yi singapore
property singapore










may 14, 2018
why should you opt for the company of film production in singapore 

many individuals in urban communities like singapore, apartment suite, are progressively inspired by being a piece of the film business or making one at their own particular carefulness. be that as it may, working in an organization committed to film creation in singapore, apartment suite isn’t that basic. 
this requires impressive learning about all the specialized perspectives related with film generation. in this way, before attempting to end up a piece of the organizations engaged with the film business in the two urban areas, it is smarter to request assistance from the creation organization, which has numerous times of administration, and additionally their quality feel in different ways. 
if you figure out how to get a dependable organization for the generation of movies in singapore, townhouse, influencing a decent motion picture or a portrayal of your musings on the canvas to will be a simple assignment for you. the fortunate thing about these organizations is that they are outfitted with all the fundamental things to effectively total the generation of the film. the primary preferred standpoint is that you will have an intensive information of the different gear utilized as a part of the film business. 
you have the chance to attempt this hardware as opposed to knowing them in your first occupation. the second favorable position is that experts with years of involvement in film and silver screen will be accessible to make the film impeccably. you can gain from your experience and find out about the subtleties of the way toward making a movie.the advantages of acquiring a dependable organization in singapore film generation organizations don’t simply end here. 
truth be told, there are numerous different things that you will keep on collecting when you get the kind help of the organization’s notoriety here. the organization will enable you to finish the motion picture the way you need it to be finished with no pointless altering. 
regardless of whether you don’t have a content, yet musings or creative abilities, you don’t have to feel discouraged and dismissed. the organization here has all that you require – straightforwardly from the essayist to the coveted area for the falling star, music, music arranger, educator in battle, so you don’t need to travel between various places to the film was finished in all the aspects.while obviously evident that in urban areas like singapore, condominium, there are an expansive number of film generation organizations, however it is additionally evident that solid organizations don’t bring much advantage.
in this manner, you ought not pick the primary organization that stands in your direction. actually, you should practice every one of your precautionary measures and information before entering a specific organization. while picking an organization, the main thing to consider is the quantity of years amid which it works. different things to consider are the rundown of fulfilled clients, their bundles and other important details.
this article was composed to inform its perusers about the organizations of film organizations in singapore, kondo. in any case, if you are an occupant of any of these two metropolitan urban communities, you ought not get the feeling that all organizations will similarly understand your specific needs and prerequisites, and thusly there is no compelling reason to complete watchful arranging and intensive examination ahead of time. select an organization. 
truth be told, organizations that understand their clients are not extremely valuable. consequently, it is completely important that you make the best choice before settling on a choice to discover the administrations of a specific organization.





by chuang yi singapore
film locations










may 13, 2018
filming around the world 

many time we stayed impressed with amazing scenes of
a big screen and we often want to feel the places were some of our favorite
movie heroes were.
an excellent reason for traveling, especially
because we should never forget that some of the most interesting scenes are
recorded in the reality, sometimes without any help of scenography
there are various and various film locations
rome- very dynamical with enigmatic legends, rich
with history and old architecture. generally
with the reason bring the name eternal city. because its second name it
attracted the producers of the film “da vinci code”, realized by the same name
of den browns book.
ten years before gregory peck and odry hepburn
visited rome for the film “holiday in rome|.
well known fountain baroque in rome contributed to
the film dolce vita.
prague- city which bring name golden city. it is
recognized for a films “casino royal”, “oliver twist”, blade 2”, “mission impossible:. finally, milos
forman decided to make the film” amadeus:. the reason is artistic atmosphere on
the streets of these city.
liverpool- recognized for his mystic, it is a ideal place for films. all is very likely
due to the known docks, which look just like xix century. guy ritchie has a big
reason why he decided to shoot sherlock holms here. in addition to this, the
film” batmen”” the dark knight” and” harry potter” and “the deathly hallows” have
also been filmed, but finally film with marlon brandon “ on the waterfront”.
queenstown, new zealand- the cult lord of the rings
was shot in this fairytale place, created for the epic scene that exist in this
film. this impression certainly contributes to the crystal clear lake vakatipu
and the mountain ben lomound. in this small town hugh jackman also made a trip
to the film” x men origin:
peking- bernando bertolucci decide to realize
completely natural film about the last ruler of china, placed it in its
historic place. the last emperor filmed in peking’s famous” forbidden city”,
which was residence of all rulers of the ming and quing dynasties. for this
film bertolcci won the oscar.
almeria- a port city, located in southeastern of
spain, because of its mediterranean position, attracted ridley scott to prepare
their biblical epic film exodus goods and kings. there also extravagant films
such as cleopatra, wild wild west, el cid and king of the kings
tokyo- while watching the modern classic lost in
translation in 2003, you simple want to be in tokyo. when you step down on the
streets, you find the perfect mix of ultramodern, digital, technological with
traditional elements here of the ancient asian country. part of the film babel
was also filmed in tokyo.
paris- city with an epitome, city of light, many
films realized in paris. borrowed is only the air of their light and made them
famous. in this city there was a love between characters that was interpreted
by nicole kidman and juan macgregor. jean paul belmond recorded – until the
last breath in the sixties and amelia experienced her :”miraculous fate”
wadi rum desert, jordan- also known as the valley of
the moon. here was shoot “lawrence of arabia” and later they recorded “the red
planet”. transformers where the display of this desert served as egypt.





by chuang yi singapore
film locations










may 13, 2018
visiting hogwarts 

haven’t you always dreamed of receiving a letter from a school of
witchcraft and wizardry on your 11th birthday? or wished you could drink a
small vial of liquid luck and turn your life around? while the world of harry
potter may be a fictional one, there are certain real life places that you can
visit to feel the magic that went into bringing those beloved characters alive
on the big screen.
while some of the harry potter experience can be lived in the
filming studio where the movie was shot i.e. warner bros.’ wizarding world of
harry potter or at the harry potter themed park in florida, this article
particularly focuses on a location of timeless beauty, situated in the heart of
england – the alnwick castle
the alnwick castle is one of the many real life locations of the
harry potter movies, specifically harry potter and the chamber of secrets. in
the movie, one can identify certain scenes where harry, ron and their friends
are flying around the castle on their broomsticks. the alnwick castle is
situated in northern england, not too far from scotland, and was the home to
the duke of northumberland’s family – the percys.
the alnwick castle was possibly selected due to its charming,
antiquated appearance. the exquisite exterior walls of the castle, along with
the high turrets and the view of rolling green grass in all directions that the
eye can possibly see also contributed to its eclectic, enchanting features. the
alnwick castle is surrounded by velvety green grass that has been dotted with
various tall trees. a large number of sheep and other cattle use its grounds
for grazing. the pathway leading up to the stables is lined up with delightful
fountains, giving the location an ethereal, other worldly appearance. because
of these qualities, long and panoramic shots could look truly majestic. these
characteristics become evident in the shots with the broomsticks flying across
the sky with the castle grounds as the most perfect backdrop.
the fact that the alnwick castle was used as a filming location
for this movie added to the number of tourists the castle was visited by each
year. the alnwick castle is a famous tourist spot and is often combined with a
visit to the holy island or the viking coast. the alnwick castle has received
generally favourable reviews from its visitors, who mention that there is the
option to enter the castle through the “hogwarts gate”. the visit is
accompanied by a whole lot of entertainment experiences. apart from being able
to learn the history of the percys and view the lovely state rooms, one is also
able to have the broomstick experience or the dragon quest. reviewers state
that both of these, especially the broomstick training. it gave adults and
children reason alike to laugh and have a wonderful adventure. apart from
engaging in this, one can also take the film tour at the castle, or witness
jousting and the sparring of knights, which can transport one back to the
medieval times.
the tour of the alnwick castle can easily take up half your day,
more information for which is available online. apart from enjoying the harry
potter experience, one can simply have a good time by taking a picnic basket
along and sitting on one of the picnic tables on the castle grounds that
overlook the river. as a filming location, alnwick castle has generally
received a 5 star rating. have you already visited this location, or any other
where a film was shot? we’d love to hear more about it, and what all the
location had to offer!





by chuang yi singapore
comic, film locations

























chuang yi singapore copyright 2015-2018 top filming locations singapore 

















