




 online web site builder, website software, homepage creator, personal ecommerce - event website builder. 





  





home
features
screenshots
benefits
support















 

competitor
              price


$39-$245


regular
              price


$29.98


 
super 
                sale price!



only $19.98!
 to try it now!

as astonishing as this sounds, in less 
      than 5 minutes you can have a website for your event live on 
      the internet. 
      the amazing eventwebsitebuilder technology enables you to quickly build your own 
        professional website, complete with email, pictures, newsletters and much, 
        much more in just a few short minutes.
the secret to this earth shattering technology is an incredibly powerful, 
        yet simple software interface.
this interface is so easy to use, over 172,000 websites have already 
        been built using it. most of these sites were built by people who 
        have little internet experience and some by people who have such limited 
        computer experience they only knew how to use their mouse.
 

 perfect 
              for any event!





• festivals • parades • mainstreet celebrations 
            • golf events • trade shows • concerts 
            • corporate retreats • galas • conventions 
            • youth activities • and any other event!












 “most 
                people don’t truly understand the value they’re getting. 
                it would cost thousands to get a site that performs to the same 
                level. eventwebsitebuilder is a true bargain!” 
                 - wendy lau, graphic designer 







 with 
        eventwebsitebuilder you're only limited by your imagination!
your website is totally customizable!
 • you can decide to have as many or as few pages as you want. 
      
• adding images is hassle free and only requires a simple 
        click of your mouse. 
• easily add cool features like links and email or advanced 
        features like newsletters, polls, shopping carts and ecommerce.
• your eventwebsitebuilder site is so easy to use you will always 
        be able to stay one step ahead of the competition. you can change 
        your site’s features, sales, products and pricing in seconds! 
• entering text directly onto your website is as easy as typing 
        a letter. your eventwebsitebuilder site includes two text editing tools, 
        one of which looks just like ms word with all the buttons and commands 
        you already love to use.






try 
                    it now!
click 
                    here
for 
                    a 10 day free trial


take advantage 
            of the huge savings on now!


 




 


 “my 
              staff laughed when i told them i was going to make our website myself, 
              but 
              you should have seen their faces when it was done!”
- gerod floyd, entrepreneur







 so 
        easy, 
        you can do it!
you know you need a website for your event but you don’t want 
        to spend thousands of dollars for it. that is exactly why eventwebsitebuilder 
        was developed and is perfect for you. eventwebsitebuilder has taken the 
        most powerful technologies on the internet and combined them to make a 
        super website building tool. 
eventwebsitebuilder 
        is the most powerful and easy to use website building system anywhere. 
        it is so perfect that it comes with an unconditional 100% no risk guarantee.
 dare 
      to compare  you’ve seen websites like eventwebsitebuilder sites 
        offered by professional designers and programmers. they cost between $2,500 
        and $15,000. they are usually designed on eventwebsitebuilder-like software that is 
        exclusive to the design industry. 
the 
        problem is that once you get your site, you are stuck with a site that 
        is outdating itself everyday it's online. since you don’t want to 
        be held hostage by a designer’s high update fees, you need a way 
        to update your site by yourself.
eventwebsitebuilder is the only solution that allows you to have a professional 
        designer-quality website and at the same time gives you the ability to 
        easily update it whenever you require. 
 


 
              why you must have
              a website for your event!







your customers expect one!

              your customers expect you to be online. 2 years ago a website was 
              a luxury, now it is a necessity that shows you're a serious professional. 
              
 your competitors are online!

              your competitors are online and if you are not, you are missing 
              out on the power of the internet and losing sales to your competitors.
you're always open for business!
              your customers want to do business with you when it is convenient 
              for them, let them get info and buy from you when they are ready, 
              right off your website. 
 your customers need info! 
              the number one reason why consumers will go online is to get more 
              info for future purchases. you have to provide this before your 
              competitors do.
 your customers need directions! 
              if your customers travel to your business, you need to provide a 
              map and directions for them to find you.
 your customers are guessing!
              don’t make customers guess when you are open.
 your customers expect support! 
provide online help, manuals and documentation to support 
              the products and services you provide.







try it 
              now!
click 
              here
for 
              a 10 day free trial






"after 6 months and $1,500 working 
              with a major bank ecommerce solution, i did better by myself in 
              a one weekend @ a savings of 80% a year! i am now working on 2 more 
              sites!!" - kevin lake









unconditional 
        100% no risk guarantee 



eventwebsitebuilder goes well beyond a simple money 
              back guarantee. you are guaranteed 100% unconditional satisfaction 
              with your eventwebsitebuilder website. 
take a whole month and try eventwebsitebuilder for yourself. 
               if it is not for you, all you have to do is request a 
              refund and one will be provided immediately – no questions 
              asked. to get you started you even get a 10 
              day free trial to test it out yourself!










 


includes 
              thousands of dollars of vital website features 
              with every site! 





 • visitor auto-responders
              give your visitors the info they want when they want it. auto-responders 
              send your visitors info immediately after they request it on your 
              site. 
• visitor feedback forms
              feedback forms allow you to collect visitor info or give your visitors 
              a way to request info from you. 
• customer newsletters 
              this great tool gives you the ability to publish your own email 
              newsletter just like the big sites do. 
• subscriber management
              never worry about spam; all newsletter requests go into an opt in 
              system which confirms subscription. 
• catalogs 
              if you have a product you sell either offline or online, show it 
              off in your site’s catalog section. 
• shopping cart 
              let your site run on autopilot. the shopping cart feature is perfect 
              for any business that sells online. 
• ecommerce 
              have your customers pay online or submit their order so you can 
              process it manually in your store.
• order tracking 
              don’t ever lose track of a sale. all orders are emailed directly 
              to you and then tracked on your site.
• secure server certificates
              your site’s transactions are secure and protected with secure 
              certificates that protect customer info. 
• search engine registration
              once your site is done, eventwebsitebuilder will register it with 
              the search engines so the world can find you. 
• business email 
              send email with your site name in the address. avoid the embarrassment 
              of free services (hotmail.com, yahoo.com.) that scream “amateur."
• your own domain name 
              pick the website name and internet address for your site. increase 
              your pro look and get your own name (www.yourname.com) and transfer 
              it to your site.
• website membership 
              allow staff, clients or a membership base into a private “members 
              only” areas of your site.
 • photo albums
              show off pictures of your work, business, products and team, professionally 
              in an online photo album.
• maps 
              give your visitors a map to your office or event.
• links page 
              provide as many links as you want to other sites you think your 
              visitors would find valuable.
• contact us page
              tell your visitors how to get a hold of you and your team.
• about us page 
              tell your visitors who you are and why they should do business with 
              you.
• online coupons
              promote online sales or drive online traffic to your offline store 
              with website coupons.

• message boards
              communicate with your visitors, customers, staff and friends with 
              full featured message boards.
• polls/survey 
              always know what your customers are thinking with your own custom 
              online polls.
• guest book 
              give your visitors a place to share their comments about your site 
              with this great guest book feature.
• press releases 
              publish and share good news in one central organized area. this 
              is a favorite of the media!
• quotes page 
              show off the great things your customers have to say about you. 
              give new customers a reason to buy.
• customizable web pages
              you can have virtually any other web page you need added to your 
              site with the easy to use layouts!



 
 hear 
        what people
 just like you have to say




 
“i don’t know why 
                      everyone does not do it this way. eventwebsitebuilder 
                      websites are great and very effective.” 
- garfield mccormick, 
                      website usability expert

 i never knew how easy 
                    it could be to get a website!” 
- darryl lavelle,
                    aircraft mechanic


“the websites are 
                  idiot-proof. i just entered my text, picked my features 
                  and my site was done. no problem!” 
- janet nixon, accountant
“with the 
                  money i saved using eventwebsitebuilder, i can now invest 
                  in marketing my site.” 
– robert lazaro, 
                  audio retailer



“eventwebsitebuilder 
                  is probably the best kept secret on 
                  the internet!” 
- ryan sharp, salesman
“great 
                    service, great product, great people, great price. you guys 
                    are more than a service, you’re a part of my team.” 
                    
– kevin lawrence, 
                    business coach




full 
        time support
eventwebsitebuilder wants to ensure you get the website you have always 
        dreamed of. 
if you ever have a question, you have the comfort of knowing that a certified 
        eventwebsitebuilder designer will be immediately dispatched to help you 
        with your site. this designer is there to support you in any way you require.


your event needs a website and eventwebsitebuilder wants to ensure it 
        gets one. that is why there is always an easyeventwebsites support team 
        behind you ready to help if you ever need it - free!
no where else on the internet does anyone dare to make this offer. 
try it now, you have nothing to lose!
you get eventwebsitebuilder's free 10 
        day trial, 30 day money back 
        guarantee and eventwebsitebuilder's 
        online success guarantee which includes free online support to 
        help you finish your site. 
this is an amazing deal and an opportunity that you should not pass up. 
        you know your event needs a website, it's time to get one.

requirements:
 
      the following is all that's required to successfully build an eventwebsitebuilder 
      site: 



 • 
              personal computer
              • color monitor 
              • internet connection 


 •
internet 
              browser
              (microsoft internet explorer or netscape)
              • mouse 
              • keyboard



success 
      checklist 



yes
• easy
yes • 
              fast
yes • 
              affordable
yes • 
              free 
              trial
yes • 
              free 
              support

yes
• fun
yes • 
              flexible
yes • 
              powerful
yes • 
              full 
              featured
yes • 
              guaranteed


your eventwebsitebuilder website contains everything you need to be successful 
        online.

super 
      savings
sign 
        up now and save 33% on eventwebsitebuilder’s already 
        low website fee. get everything included for the unbelievable price of 
        $19.98 a month. 
give the eventwebsitebuilder free trial a try now and when you sign up 
        you will be able to take advantage of this unbelievable offer.
click here to give eventwebsitebuilder's 
        free trial a try.



 


 free 
        ecommerce 
 get your website now and the full ecommerce package is included with 
        your website. this package would cost over $100 a month if purchased elsewhere. 
        this includes full shopping cart, 25 catalogues, 250 products, customer 
        order database, free merchant id and free online payment 
        setup (oac). this is a very limited time offer so start 
        your free trial today to ensure you get it before it's gone.
everything 
        your event needs to be successful online – fully 
        loaded website ($2,500 value). includes email, ecommerce, shopping cart, 
        newsletters, auto-responders, subscription management, catalogs, order 
        tracking, secure server certificates, search engine registration, visitor 
        submission forms, links page, maps, contact us page, online coupons, message 
        boards, guest books, polls, press releases, quotes page, 200+ templates, 
        free support and much, much more. only $29.95! now 
        only $19.98/month.

click here and try 
        eventwebsitebuilder’s 10 day trial for free. no obligation. it is 
        time to get the site you have always wanted.


get your event 
            online today and save thousands by taking advantage of eventwebsitebuilder!




try it now!
click 
                      here
for 
                      a 10 day free trial














 









