

casey movers | relax - let us move it for you!




























casey

☘movers☘


main
request an estimate
casey junk removal
customer reviews
faq
contact us
about us
team
material prices
service areas
x






request
estimate

submit your information via the included form, and we will contact you to set up your free in-home estimate - or simply call us toll free at 1-800-482-8828  or call/text us at 781-261-0004 and ask to speak to one of our friendly sales representatives.


name (first & last):



phone # (required):



email:



current town/city:



new town/city:








casey movers offers top-tier residential & commercial moving throughout all of new england, plus interstate moves throughout the continental united states.
services include packing, moving, storage, junk removal and short-term truck holds. local and inter-state moves. full time moving staff.







customer
reviews

 

click here to see more customer reviews!




facebook


        click here to see our men!
        





youtube


        click here to see our movers in action!
        





instagram


        click here to see our instagram page!
        





casey box drop game


        click here to play our video game!
        



featured
clients





















why
choose
us?





                        full time moving staff works year round
                        




                        small, privately owned business; support your local economy
                        




                        serve single family homes, condos, apartments and businesses
                        




                        local and long distance moving; we move you anywhere and everywhere
                        




                        we provide everything: the movers, the truck, moving blankets, dollys, tape, etc.
                        




                        free over-the-phone & in-home estimates to plan your budget
                        




                        overnight truck holds available to help work around your closing times
                        




                        long term warehouse storage while you wait for your new home's construction to be completed
                        




                        moving trucks and tractor trailers available for any size job
                        




                        hourly service: pay only for the services you need
                        







copyright © 1993 - 2024 casey movers - moving & storage company - 1-800-482-8828. all rights reserved.
















