





zambra – a tapas experience
















































 






skip to content













































 














 






















menu












 















winter hours5pm-9pm thurs, sun, mon5pm-10pm fri & sat 












bienvenidos! 



 



zambra is a charming nod to the tastes and traditions of the western mediterranean, offering downtown asheville a contemporary twist on fine wine and tapas. in between the romantic amber-lit ceiling and smooth stone floor is a festive atmosphere that holds true to our name which means “gypsy dance of celebration.” we’ve carefully selected only the best of local ingredients and exotic spanish wines to give our guests an unforgettable feast of the senses and a warm celebration of life. 

















































 











we love to hear your experiences 



check out some of our google reviews. 



see them all here. 













sam napolitano  


						my wife and i had never been to asheville, nc, but heard the food scene was spectacular. we were not disappointed… our uber driver recommended a few places and zambra was at the top of their list.

talk about being spot on… we had one of the best meals we have had in a very long time. the menu was filled with something for everyone and we had a hard time narrowing down or selections because we wanted to try everything.
					






jenna stamatov  


						zambras was one of my favorite restaurants i’ve been to in asheville. wasn’t even planning on going until we had change in plans and boy am i so grateful for it. the tapas style was really fun to split everything and after 5 tapas we were very full and satisfied. the pomegranate mango pork spring rolls were to die for. also the fried soft shell crab was so delicious with a very tasty sauce with serrano ham on top. the lemon and egg soup was another fantastic tapa. the atmosphere there was very vibey and cozy, felt like we were in a cool underground cave, and even the music playing was so good. the lamb meatballs and patatas bravas were the other dishes we got and those were also phenomenal. i will absolutely be going back and taking more friends and family there to try!!
					






robert williams  


						i absolutely loved this place! it was my first time here. the food was outstanding, and the drinks were top-notch. it's such a beautiful place, especially at night. they have it all lit up with low light and candles. it was very romantic and sexy. the staff was wonderful, too.
					





 

 
















reserve you table! 



 



make sure your dining experience goes smoothly. we suggest booking due to possible seating wait times. 




 
































































dinner
mon, thurs, sun @ 5pm – 9pmfri & sat @ 5pm-10pm 















85 w walnut stasheville, north carolina 28801 (828) 232-1060 







 



site design by vsibl marketing 


















home
tapas menu
wine menu
parties
gallery
news
 

home
tapas menu
wine menu
parties
gallery
news
 







facebook
 



instagram
 



yelp
 












































