






















trucking news - land line - the magazine for professional truckers

































































 












skip to content










 contact us




subscribe


  login






 





land line


land line now





news

daily news by state
opinion
features
business


listen
watch
archives

magazine archives
radio archives


resources

the truckers’ 2025 state legislature directory
chain laws 2024
diesel prices
road conditions for truckers
truck show calendar of events


englishenglishfrenchspanish 














search for:



 advanced search



land line















federal, news
broker transparency comment period to reopen
truckers who missed the opportunity to voice their opinions about a proposal to improve broker transparency will soon have another chance.

by mark schremmer | february 14													











listen now
podcast: analysis – driver shortage report falls short
andrew king of the ooida foundation joins land line now to offer some analysis of a new report claiming a truck driver shortage.






 

the latest





 


crime & courts, news
owner of whiskey dix receives nine-year prison sentence
former trucking company owner sentenced to nine years in prison for fraud, other charges. here’s what led to his conviction.


by land line staff | february 14									





 


news, state
states consider bills to address left lane use
left lane use for large trucks and other vehicles is a topic of legislation in multiple statehouses from arizona to minnesota.


by keith goble | february 14									





 


federal, news
broker transparency comment period to reopen
truckers who missed the opportunity to voice their opinions about a proposal to improve broker transparency will soon have another chance.


by mark schremmer | february 14									





 


federal, news
nhtsa administrator nominee announced
president donald trump has nominated someone with experience in both the public and private sectors to serve as nhtsa’s administrator.


by mark schremmer | february 14									





 


crime & courts, federal, news
supreme court to move forward with california vehicle emission challenge
the trump administration was denied its request to pause a case disputing the epa’s ability to allow california’s advanced clean cars.


by tyson fisher | february 13									





 


federal, news, state
fuel, weather-related emergency orders issued
fuel supply concerns have led to emergencies following the latest round of winter weather, which included snow and freezing temperatures.


by land line staff | february 13									





 


federal, news
bill would force electric vehicles to contribute to highway trust fund
a bill in the house and senate would ensure electric vehicle owners pay into the highway trust fund. it would impose as much as $1,550.


by mark schremmer | february 13									





 


federal, news
autonomous vehicles need safeguards, safety advocate tells house subcommittee
the urge to deploy autonomous vehicles should not outweigh existing safety regulations, a safety advocate told a house subcommittee.


by mark schremmer | february 13									





 


news
not much change in eia latest outlook
the energy information administration released its february short-term energy outlook, which was largely similar to january’s analysis. 


by sj munoz | february 12									





 


news, state
georgia governor’s tort reform package moves forward
the georgia governor’s tort reform bill package moving through the statehouse is touted to level the playing field in courtrooms.


by keith goble | february 12									



1
2
3
…
987
next » 







current issuefebruary 2025download pdf 









featured podcast
podcast: congress hears plea for autonomous vehicle safeguards
 









latest podcasts
all podcasts »




podcast: analysis – driver shortage report falls short



podcast: congress hears plea for autonomous vehicle safeguards



podcast: tariffs 101 – how they might affect you



podcast: nine states eye changes to their fuel tax



podcast: redesigning intersections to improve safety














become a member of ooida today.











follow us: magazine





follow us: radio





follow us: podcasts









news
opinion
podcasts
subscribe
unsubscribe


archives
about
advertise
privacy policy
login































© copyright 2025 land line magazine & land line now. all rights reserved.



























