


        
	        home
    











































×




home
bio
contact us
galleries
blog
faq
kind words
client viewing

 















featured galleries







real estate








weddings








travel








musicians








headshots








 



contact us







get in touch



we are always looking forward to meeting new faces. 
please call any time.


e-mail:cathystrong.photo@gmail.com
phone:770-306-1200





fields marked with * are required

*








*



















































 


recent posts




walkabout farm update
it has been too long since we updated everyone on the house project and the butterfly farm...



floor system construction
after a month long delay, the beams finally arrived with all the lumber for the floor system....



tara and cathy house construction
2018 construction on the new home for tara and cathy.



may 2-3 progress
the floor system continues to develop. tomorrow (5/4) the crane is coming again to lift more...



may 11 progress
the crane was out again to lift lumber onto the platform. as usual, many starts and stops. and...



first platform images
it should have been more exciting. we really just wanted to be safe; however, we did climb the...



may 18 exterior walls
beginning to see the house take shape is really exciting. exterior walls, window and door...



oatway royal wedding high tea
our wonderful friends from the uk hosted high tea on the day of harry and meghan's wedding,...



6-1- 18 pond levels
the next four images show very low to very full pond levels; this change came about in three...



6-11-18 dry in
it's hard to see in the photo, but that is black tar paper on the roof. we are dried in and...



roof metal aug. 2018
we used silver galvalum pbr panels for the roof. the sun is so bright that it looks white. next...



interior wall framing aug. 2018
seeing the framing of the walls was extremely emotional for us after all this time. there is a...



views from the ground aug. 2018
it is still the rainy season. the ponds are at full capacity. this one is in our front yard....



september 2018 brace removal
the views from up in the house changed dramatically with the removal of the bracing; views from...



9-12-18 deck boards begin
got the north and west sides completed today.....big day



september 2018 first lap
got to take our first full lap around the house now that the perimeter decking is complete



september 2018 kitchen porch
another big push today-two men on the ground cutting and sending boards up one at a time; and two...



sandpearl resort wedding
the sandpearl resort in clearwater, florida was the location for casey and jay's wedding on...



4-27-19 living forward house
sherell white had her house warming party for the new living forward mixed use homein dunedin,...



4-6-19 ringling inspires event
what a wonderful opportunity to cover this amazing celebration of the fundraising goal...



4-10-19 beach session



longboat key club family session



don cesar surprise proposal
of course, jamie asked and becky said yes






 

contracting information








what is the best time of day for outside portrait sessions?  the light is most beautiful at sunset. for this reason, we like to begin shooting about thirty minutes prior to sunset. then when the perfect light is upon us,  we are already in progress.   
what should we wear? one must keep in mind never to clash with mother nature. therefore, even if fuscia pink is your signature color, do not where it. polka dots and plaid are out (unless you are a bluegrass band). choose a color theme for the family or individual session based on the location; for example blue and white works great on the beach. think solid colors with clean lines. if you are a lady concerned about your weight and will want some digital retouching, wear a dress or blouse and skirt. guys, keep your colors neutral and your lines clean. the best place to add interest is with accessories like jewelry, belts, shoes, glasses, hats. with all this neutrality, don't forget to be yourself and have fun with your wardrobe choices. 
what is the best makeup for a photo session?  the best make up makes you gorgeous without looking made up. 
ultimately, the best make up anyone can have is a great attitude and healthy self esteem. your happiness and level of self confidence shine through your eyes. 
do you also do indoor and studio photography?  yes! in addition to family sessions on the beach and weddings, we also do corporate headshots, real estate and interiors, product and lifestyle, and in-studio at our farm. as a matter of fact there isn't much that we have not photographed over the years. 
how can i hire your studio for my session or event? generally, a deposit saves your date. we then require a signed agreement detailing the services and products you wish us to provide along with our fees. the agreement can be electronic or via old fashioned paper and postage. final balance is due prior to the session.
 
 
 
 
 
  









×

 










music
on
off


tara adcock and cathy strong, photographers, © 2017












