











  




washougal, wa | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 


    your government      our community      doing business      for visitors      how do i...  



 

 

 

 

 



 


 














all you need at your fingertips
quick links

 






  
 
 














online paymentspay bills and fees quick and easy








jobsfind current job openings








agendas & minutesstay up to date on city business










 
 














report a concernsubmit questions or identify an issue








backflow tester portalsubmit test results through tokay








apply for permitfind out how to apply for building permits










 
 














file a police reportsubmit non-emergency reports








projects learn about what we’re working on








visit washougal explore, learn and enjoy










 
 
 






































stay up to date
city news
 






  
 
 











washougal city council workshop and regular meeting for monday, february 10, 2025 

the city of washougal workshop and city council meeting will be in person on monday, february 10, 2025.  virtual attendance remains an option.  information on how the public can attend virtually is now available on the city website.				read on...




joint city council/planning commission workshop and regular council meeting for january 27, 2025 

the city of washougal joint city council and planning commission workshop and council meeting for january 27, 2025 will be in person.  virtual attendance remains an option.  information on how to attend virtually is now available on the city website.				read on...




join the washougal planning commission! 

the city of washougal is seeking a passionate individual to serve on the planning commission! as a member, you’ll help guide the future of the city by making recommendations on rezones, comprehensive plan amendments, and more.				read on...




washougal city council workshop and regular meeting for monday, january 13, 2025 

the city of washougal workshop and city council meeting will be in person on monday, january 13, 2025.  virtual attendance remains an option.  information on how the public can attend virtually is now available on the city website.				read on...





view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 















camas and washougal places regional fire authority proposal on april 2025 ballot 


the cities of camas and washougal are asking voters to consider forming a regional fire authority (rfa) that would make the current partnership permanent. this proposal will appear on the april 22, 2025, special election ballot.						read on...







public works after hours assistance 


did you know that city of washougal public works is here for you 24/7/365? if you experience an emergency outside of our normal business hours and need assistance from our public works team (water, sewer, stormwater, streets, or parks), call 360-735-9509!						read on...







city of washougal initiates ada transition plan with city-wide survey starting september 


the city of washougal is currently developing an ada transition plan to assess all existing and missing accessible pathways throughout the city's transportation network.						read on...







city of washougal acts on pfas detection in drinking water 


the city of washougal has detected trace amounts of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas) in its drinking water supply.						read on...







washougal police department announces leadership transition 


chief wendi steinbronn to retire december 2024; captain zane freschette assumes leadership role in january 2025						read on...







washougal delivers: community survey reveals increased resident satisfaction 


the city of washougal's 2024 community survey findings have been released and emphasize a strong sense of satisfaction among residents regarding city services.						read on...







washougal towncenter revitalization project 


the washougal towncenter revitalization (wtr) project will develop outdoor recreation facilities in the heart of washougal’s revitalizing towncenter district including in the creation of an off-leash dog park, pocket park and expanded public parking.			additional info...







city of washougal unveils new strategic plan 


the city of washougal is pleased to announce the unveiling of its new strategic plan, which outlines a clear and comprehensive vision for the future of the city over the next 5 years.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 










 














don't miss any
meetings & events
 






  
 
 










february 2025




su


m


tu


w


th


f


sa




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1










wed, feb 19  

regional fire authority (rfa) planning committee meeting

regional fire authority (rfa) planning committee meetingread on


thu, feb 20  

 parks and cemetery board of commissioners meeting  cancelled

 parks and cemetery board of commissioners meeting  cancelledread on


mon, feb 24  

city council workshop  

city council workshop  read on





view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 











 














what's new
spotlight
 






  
 
 



  
 
 














fire station 43 replacement& police station remodelthe fire station 43 building and some of their fire engines are reaching their useful life. the city proposes to replace station 43’s building and remodel the police station. the new fire station would be located adjacent to and adjoining the existing police station to allow for shared use of break rooms, fitness facilities and a training/community room.read more
 





 






  
 
 















 




washougal towncenter revitalization projectthe washougal towncenter revitalization (wtr) project develops outdoor recreation facilities near to the planned washougal library and the existing washougal community center. the project will result in the creation of an outdoor community space, the city’s first off-leash dog park, a pocket park, splash pad, play element and improved and expanded public parking.read more
 






  
 
 














about washougal

our small community is located on the washington side of the columbia river, with its lowlands and famous prairie situated on the west entrance to the scenic columbia river gorge. motorists who approach washougal from the west on the lewis & clark highway can see mount hood rising above the cascade mountains framed by the columnar cliffs that signal the gateway of the gorge. 

read more
 





 






  
 
 



  
 
 



  
 
 



 















 






  
 













 








 








 








 










 
 













sign up for e-notifications here.










 
 







contact us







city of washougal1701 c streetwashougal, wa 98671phone: 360-835-8501public works emergency(after-hours) phone: 360-735-9509
 






  
 







quick links







pay your utility bill



municipal code



careers



events & activities



form center



employee portal









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



staff directory



accessibility 



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














quick links








news








calendar








spotlight








connect










 
 
 



 














 government website by civicplus®
 


















  
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









