






martha zoller | broadcaster, pundit, former candidate and current student





































home
archives
contact
martha’s bio
martha in the news
book martha for your program
martha’s substack
















martha zoller
broadcaster, pundit, former candidate and current student



 
 









                            january 28th, 2025                        

people that matter: 100 years of alan kinder
alan kinder turned 100 years old on january 26th. he survived the second wave of d-day in 1944 and the battle of the bulge in 1945. he came home and married, had a family and a life. he didn’t talk much about wwii until his grandson asked him about it for a paper he was writing at school. that was
read more



 martha zoller
                            

 tags: alan kinder, battle of the bulge, d-day, friends, politics, resilience, wwii 












                            november 7th, 2024                        

the greatest political comeback
donald trump and his perseverance has orchestrated the greatest comeback in modern politcal history. here’s a fantastic interactive tool to show how completely donald trump won this election. he won people over on the issues. there are three things that lead to this comeback nationally and in georgia. first, the total embrace by donald trump and his campaign and surrogates of early
read more



 martha zoller
                            

 tags: donald trump, election 2024, kamala harris 












                            october 17th, 2024                        

caregiving 101: what young boomers and gen x have in common
i have had a challenging couple of years. i turned 65 this year and my husband will be 70. we thought at this time in our life, the difficult family stuff would be over. but we are finding out what many young boomers and gen x behind us are learning. many of our old parents did well, lived long but
read more



 martha zoller
                            

 tags: boomers, caregiving, family, gen x, hospice 








← older posts















martha zoller hi, i'm martha zoller, owner of insights in georgia politics, long-time pundit, one-time candidate, politico, culture guru, staffer, wife, mother, oma—. it's never too late to go through an open door.

 



 the martha zoller show






 latest from twitter

tweets by marthazoller  



 latest from facebook

martha zoller fan page




 
 
























            © 2022 copyright 2016, martha zoller. all rights reserved.
            

 
 







