






baby boomers united shares information and resources to help as you grow older – eveything baby boomers need can be found right here!







































 

























 
navigation






home
resources

products & gifts
retirement resources


wellness

anti-aging for women
appearance – women
anti-aging for men
appearance – men
weight loss
fitness


spirit

soul soothers
spiritual gifts


travel
dating

gay boomers resources


blog
baby boomers unitedeveything baby boomers need can be found right here!home
resources

products & gifts
retirement resources


wellness

anti-aging for women
appearance – women
anti-aging for men
appearance – men
weight loss
fitness


spirit

soul soothers
spiritual gifts


travel
dating

gay boomers resources


blog

 







baby boomers united welcomes you!
there are many things boomers and seniors are dealing with & thinking about these days.
this site offers you articles, products and more to help boomers/seniors grow older gracefully.   we are concentrating on how you can live a good life as you age.
i know, life all of a sudden seems shorter. if we take care of ourselves, exercise, eat right, we will live longer.
i started this site back in 2005 because, as a boomer/senior, i felt that there was a need to find, and share, information and resources  to help us as we age, and to help make that process easier and healthier.
hard to believe that we are now in our senior years. many of us have passed our 65th birthday while others are heading towards 70 plus.  we are now seeing our parents in the mirror.  it’s hard to believe we are that old isn’t it.
for many of us boomers/seniors life is not so easy, as much as our kids, and the media, may say different.
we are in a lot of ways the sandwich generation. taking care of our kids, and our elderly parents, plus we are growing older too and having to deal with all of that entails!
some of us facing our ‘silver years’ alone and wondering if we can find someone to share it with. i am here to tell you that you can find a partner even at our age.
new products and gifts have been added. have a look!

 find a gift for someone who has everything!
 
share this:facebookxdisclaimer
all products and services featured are personally selected and reviewed. we may receive a commission if you purchase a product via a link on this page which in turn supports our work.


categories

auto finder

baby boomer appearance – women

baby boomer bucket list

baby boomer canes – walking sticks

baby boomer gifts

baby boomers aging

baby boomers articles

baby boomers exercies help

baby boomers preparing for retirement

baby boomers products

clubs

father's day gifts for boomers

featured

female baby boomer products

general

heated portable chair

help for hair loss

important health product

personal baby boomer post

personally picked gift

sleep help for baby boomers

specials

tech help for baby boomers

unique gift

unwanted hair removal




recent posts


comfort and luxury all in one chair


get rid of unwanted hair


look younger with these products


exercising after a long spell of inactivity


do you suffer from tinnitus well here is something that can help you



search our site

copyright © 2025 baby boomers united · disclaimer & privacy policy page
site design by jbcr virtual solutions




















