 













       welcome to bugguide.net! - bugguide.net      


 





	 identification, images, & information
	 for insects, spiders & their kin
	 for the united states & canada




 

register · log in




homeguideid requestrecentfrassforumsdonatehelp




clickable guide


































calendar
upcoming events

photos of insects and people from the 2024 bugguide gathering in idaho july 24-27
moth submissions from national moth week 2024
photos of insects and people from the 2022 bugguide gathering in new mexico, july 20-24
photos of insects and people from the spring 2021 gathering in louisiana, april 28-may 2
photos of insects and people from the 2019 gathering in louisiana, july 25-27
photos of insects and people from the 2018 gathering in virginia, july 27-29  
previous events





 
welcome to bugguide.net!
photo © joyce gross

all abuzz about bugs!

we are an online community of naturalists who enjoy learning about and sharing our observations of insects, spiders, and other related creatures.

we enjoy the opportunity to instill in others the fascination and appreciation that we share for the intricate lives of these oft-maligned creatures.

our mission

using the best resources we have access to, we are creating a knowledgebase to help each other and the online community.

our method

we collect photographs of bugs from the united states and canada for identification and research.

we summarize our findings in guide pages for each order, family, genus, and species.

making new discoveries

more than just a clearinghouse for information, this site helps expand on the natural histories of our subjects. by capturing the place and time that submitted images were taken, we are creating a virtual collection that helps define where and when things might be found.

we capture never-before-seen behaviors and we have photos of species that you won't find anywhere else on the web.

join us!placed by robert h. biagi 4 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » ants, bees, wasps and sawflies (hymenoptera) » aculeata - ants, bees and stinging wasps » apoidea (clade anthophila) - bees » sweat, furrow, nomiine, and short-faced bees (halictidae) » sweat and furrow bees (halictinae) » halictini » lasioglossumplaced by robert h. biagi 27 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » ants, bees, wasps and sawflies (hymenoptera) » aculeata - ants, bees and stinging wasps » apoidea (clade anthophila) - bees » miner, fairy, allied panurgine, and oxaeine bees (andrenidae) » mining bees (andreninae) » andrenaplaced by robert h. biagi 30 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » ants, bees, wasps and sawflies (hymenoptera) » aculeata - ants, bees and stinging wasps » apoidea (clade anthophila) - bees » leafcutter, mason, and resin bees, and allies (megachilidae) » leafcutter, resin, mortar, sharptail, mason, and woolcarder bees and relatives (megachilinae) » leafcutter, resin, mortar, and sharptail bees (megachilini) » leafcutter and resin bees (megachile)placed by robert h. biagi 34 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » ants, bees, wasps and sawflies (hymenoptera) » aculeata - ants, bees and stinging wasps » apoidea (clade anthophila) - bees » sweat, furrow, nomiine, and short-faced bees (halictidae) » sweat and furrow bees (halictinae) » halictini » striped sweat bees (agapostemon)placed by avnj 44 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » springtails and allies (collembola) » globular springtails (symphypleona) » dicyrtomidae » ptenothricinae » ptenothrixplaced by robert h. biagi 48 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » true bugs, cicadas, hoppers, aphids and allies (hemiptera) » true bugs (heteroptera) » pentatomomorpha » pentatomoidea » stink bugs (pentatomidae) » pentatominae » cappaeini » halyomorpha » brown marmorated stink bug (halyomorpha halys)placed by robert h. biagi 51 minutes ago inarthropods (arthropoda) » hexapods (hexapoda) » insects (insecta) » ants, bees, wasps and sawflies (hymenoptera) » aculeata - ants, bees and stinging wasps » apoidea (clade anthophila) - bees » cuckoo, carpenter, digger, bumble, and honey bees (apidae) » honey, bumble, longhorn, orchid, and digger bees (apinae) » bumble bees (bombini) » bumble bees (bombus)
 






disclaimer: dedicated naturalists volunteer their time and resources here to provide this service. we strive to provide accurate information, but we are mostly just amateurs attempting to make sense of a diverse natural world. if you need expert professional advice, contact your local extension office.

contributors own the copyright to and are solely responsible for contributed content.click the contributor's name for licensing and usage information.
	 everything else copyright © 2003-2025 iowa state university, unless otherwise noted.
	 
bugguide is hosted by:
printer friendly version

terms of use
privacy statement
site map
contact







 

