



transmitter.com


transmitter.com
transmitter.com
        is a web site created by doug lung for the exchange of
        information relating to rf technology, specifically broadcast rf
        technology. at this time this site does not accept advertising
        and does not use cookies to track your use of the site, although
        links on this site to sites outside the transmitter.com domain may. 

latest articles by doug lung:





receiving





                  atsc 3.0
 tv technology magazine - may
                26. 2020
in this article doug explains how
                atsc 3.0 improves reception over that available from
                legacy atsc signals in the presence of multipath and
                impulse noise. links are provided to the atsc 3.0
                recommended practice and to an app from onemedia that
                can be used to determine the trade off between
                robustness and data rate. 







'open source' rf
                hardware - the nanovna
broadcast







                  technology society newsletter - 2q2020
some enterprising engineers have
                used off the shelf hardware, including an ic originally
                designed for decoding fm stereo, to create vector
                network analyzers that offer surprising performanc for
                well under $200 in price. doug compares availablle
                units, how they work and where to find them. part 2 of
                this article in the 3rd quarter 2020 bts magazine covers
                software for the units. the magazine is free to ieee bts
                members but there is a charge for non-members. if you
                are looking to purchase one of these units, email dlung@transmitter.com
                for the latest recommendations. 







transmitter.com archive: 




transmitter.com:





                  rf technology page 
doug lung's r.f. technology page
                first appeared on the web in 1995 and moved to transmitter.com in 
                january 1996. the site contains historical data on the
                u.s. transition to dtv including fcc channel and power
                assignments. many of the external links in rf current to
                news articles and in the resources pages are now dead.
                where appropriate and useful, features will be updated
                for transmitter.com.







this month's legacy
                r.f. technology article - 03/1994 build







                  a simple frequency standard receiver and calibrator

today gps frequency standards are
                relatively inexpensive, but in 1994 obtaining an
                accurate reference for frequency measurements could be
                quite expensive. this article from march 1994 describes
                how to build a direct conversion receiver for wwv/wwvh
                that provides an output that can be used to drive a
                frequency contour. part







                  ii - 05/1994 explains how to use the receiver to
                optain accuracy to 0.02 ppm. (note: these legacy
                articles were published as text files rather than html
                files.)  (full







                  sized schematic available here) 






transmitter.com file libraries:

transmitter.com/tools/

bash script for measuring signal level
          and mer from multiple tv stations, fcc repack tvdeptester

transmitter.com/bts/

links, program code, examples and more
          related to doug lung's ieee bts articles


updated august 9, 2020
        copyright â© 2020 h. douglas lung transmitter.comâ„¢


