







mitsubishi motors europe b.v. (mme)








































































 
















company

brand
philosophy
organization
network


products

models
connectivity

map updates


owner’s manual


innovation
commitments
careers
news
press
contact
 





















welcome to mitsubishi motors in europe






























driving success 



leading innovation and sustainability in automotive technology 



mitsubishi motors europe bv, based in the netherlands, serves as the european headquarters for mitsubishi motors corporation. we oversee the sales, marketing, and distribution of mitsubishi motors vehicles across europe. we have a strong focus on providing innovative, sustainable mobility solutions, emphasizing electric and hybrid technologies such as the outlander phev. we are committed to delivering high-quality vehicles that meet the diverse needs of european customers while contributing to environmental sustainability. 






read more













































mitsubishi motors distributors in europe 







select country
austria
belgium
bulgaria
croatia
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
estonia
finland 
france
germany
greece
hungary
iceland
ireland
italy
latvia
lithuania
luxembourg
macedonia
netherlands
norway
poland
portugal
romania
serbia
slovak republic
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
turkey
u.k.
ukraine





  visit website
              

























careers 



ready to be part of mitsubishi motors europe' success story? 



explore our current job listings and take the first step toward driving your ambition with us. 






explore careers





































latest news










february 18, 2025
mitsubishi motors’ all-new family suv to be called “grandis”
mitsubishi motors will introduce two new compact suvs in 2025. the first, targeting young families will  be called “grandis”, reflecting…










october 28, 2024
mitsubishi motors to launch c-segment offensive with second new suv in 2025, adding ice and hev to previously-announced bev model
mitsubishi motors will introduce a second c-segment suv in fiscal year 2025, adding to the previously announce battery electric vehicle…










october 1, 2024
mitsubishi motors europe premieres its new outlander phev, the flagship vehicle leading the firms european resurgence
mitsubishi motors europe premieres the new outlander phev d-suv, specifically developed for europe , the next stage in the company’s…


 


























contact 



how to reach out to us. 











to serve you as our customer, mitsubishi motors have developed a network of authorized mitsubishi dealers- and workshops throughout europe. their well-trained staff are in the best position to provide assistance with all matters concerning your mitsubishi-vehicle.in addition, each country has an assigned national mitsubishi motors representative who is directly responsible for the authorized mitsubishi dealer network and the assurance of customer satisfaction.to learn which national mitsubishi motors representative is responsible for your country, please check our global network 







in the event the national mitsubishi motors representative has not been able to solve your query, we advise you to fill out the customer contact form.
in order for us to process your request, we ask you to upload copies of your correspondence with the national mitsubishi motors representative of your market.
in case you are interested in a business relationship with mme, please fill out the business inquiry form. 





        customer contact form      







        business inquiry form      












































correspondence addressmitsubishi motors europe b.v.p.o. box 1576130 ad sittardthe netherlands 







european headquartersmitsubishi motors europe b.v.mitsubishi avenue 216121 sh bornthe netherlands 







 mitsubishi motors europe b.v.gondel 11186 mj amstelveenthe netherlands 







european distribution centermitsubishi motors europe b.v.mitsubishi avenue 16121 sh bornthe netherlands 























































        cookies improve our customers’ experience on our website. please see in settings which cookies we use or how to deactivate them. if you “accept” you agree to mme processing your personal data through cookies.      

accept
reject
settings









cookie settings





privacy overview
strictly necessary cookies
persistent cookie
cookie policy




privacy overview
this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.




strictly necessary cookies
strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. these cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of the site, and therefore cannot be deactivated. they are generally used to make the content and functionalities of the site available to you or to carry out the actions you initiate (e.g.: remembering your cookie choices or allowing you to authenticate on the site).







persistent cookie
this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.






cookie policy
more information about our cookie policy





accept all
reject all
save changes










company 
home
philosophy
organization
network
careers
news
press



products

models
connectivity
map updates
owner's manual



discover 
innovation
commitments



contact 

mitsubishi motors europe
contact us




 










©mitsubishi motors europe 2024. all rights reserved




disclaimer
terms of use
cookie policy
privacy policies & notices















































