


the articulate professional - persuasive and high-impact communications, public speaking, & selling














 




 
 


 
 



 
 



keynotes + seminars/coaching
  |  
public speaking
  |  
sales training
  |  
vocabulary tips 

words of the month
  |  
book
  |  
about v.j. singal
  |  
contact us
  |  
blog
  |  
home page


 
 



 
 



 
 


 
 


welcome to verbalenergy.com, home of the articulate professional.  since high-achievers recognize the immense value that 
		lies in constantly invigorating their communication skills, this site offers several features that will undoubtedly attract 
		your interest!  among them: "uncommon tips for highly effective presentations;" "uncommon tips on public speaking;" 
		topics on communication training/coaching designed to help you master the techniques used 
		by enormously successful communicators such as gen. michael hayden, 
        david darst, 
        david frum, rep. adam schiff, ellen futter, 
        christiane amanpour, marin alsop, condoleezza rice, david axelrod, neil degrasse tyson, david brancaccio, and anti-terrorism expert bruce hoffman.  
		it also includes a list of our clients and testimonials; tips on how to enlarge your 
		vocabulary as well as tips on how to use it without coming across as 
		intimidating, pretentious, or pompous; information 
		about our widely acclaimed publication the articulate professional (3rd edition, 2008); some 
		coaching success stories; 
		and of course, our popular feature "words of the month" 
		which, until june '09 when avantgo changed its business model, was that sybase company's most popular 
		educational channel and boasted a subscription exceeding 176,000 high-achievers.
		


 
 


 
 

what's new

"the clutch is engaging, but into some lower gears initially"
"strengthen the quills of the ukrainian porcupine so that it's indigestible to the invaders"
"a waiting for godot experience"
september / october 2022 words of the month
vocabulary quiz






        the articulate® professional, 3rd edition
click here for sample pages and other information

 
 



 
 



	copyright © 1999 - 2022 by v.j. singal. articulate is a registered trademark.

 
 




 





