







home | church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc™)church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc™)































































































go

close










  














church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc™)
temple beth elchief rabbi phillip e. mcneil



google learning center
tabernacles
member registration






covid-19 update: help us to help our communities impacted by this pandemic, your financial support is needed. learn more »












toggle navigation




main menu

about 

doctrinal synopsis
this we believe


leaders 

prophet william s. crowdy
chief bishop joseph w. crowdy
bishop william h. plummer, g.f.a.
elder calvin s. skinner, counselor
rabbi howard z. plummer, g.f.a.
rabbi levi s. plummer, g.f.a.
rabbi jehu a. crowdy, jr., g.f.a.
chief rabbi phillip e. mcneil


cogasoc egiving
departments 

daughters of jerusalem and sisters of mercy
department of religious education
home & international mission


digital store
observances 

sabbath
new year
passover
shavuoth
rosh hashanah
yom kippur
succoth
holy convocation/fast of tebeth
day’s work
annual assembly
re-establishment day


calendar
 











 







welcome to thechurch of god and saints of christ 



we welcome you to worship with us at our international headquarters, temple beth el in suffolk, virginia, or at one of our tabernacles located throughout the united states, jamaica, and southern africa.i trust that you will find great pleasure in our singing that brings heaven and earth together, insightful biblical teaching and exegetical preaching that addresses issues prevalent in our communities.our religious organization adheres to the tenets of judaism. anchored in the principles of a love for god, a respect for character and a yearning for wisdom, we embrace the faith of our forefathers as recorded in the bible.enjoy an inspirational and informative visit as you read about the life and works of our re-establisher, prophet william s. crowdy, his successors, and the doctrinal beliefs of our organization. 











tabernacle quick links 











in-person re-entry information 



medical team covid-19 information 



frequently asked questions (faqs) 



giving - make a one-time contribution 



about us 



tabernacle contact information 











learn more about us 












 




every girl, everywhere, period! kadzere, zimbabwe – november 2018 



global outreach 



our spiritual reach circles the globe in an outpouring of humanitarian service. 






learn more












 




passover service, suffolk, va – april 2017 



worship services 



join us for a sabbath worship service on any saturday of the year. 






learn more












 




sentara groundbreaking, suffolk, va – may 2, 2017 



community development 



our commitment to human betterment has fueled more than a century of land development dedicated to sheltering the underserved. 






learn more















worship with us this week 






find a tabernacle
















  
to keep in touch with the church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc)
contact us




church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc™) |3927 bridge road, suffolk, va 23435 | (757) 484-1161 | media@cogasoc.org
copyright © 2000-2025 church of god and saints of christ (cogasoc™). all rights reserved.




















