














microbe magic | learn about microbes and science













toggle navigation










microbes
body
health
dictionary
quizzes
experiments
games
teachers




























all about microbe magic
welcome to microbe magic, the interactive science website for primary school students!  why not try out all of the links?  you can play games, take a quiz or even try out experiments.  there are lots of choices for students, parents and teachers! microbe magic is the main information portal for primary school students to apc microbiome ireland!
 








introducing some characters
throughout this website you're going to come across some interesting biological characters. a few of the more important ones are here. keep in mind that some of these guys are microbes and may live in or on your body! you can also check out their adventures in our cartoon section. be sure to hover over them to get a better look.







gi jake
gi jake is a type of micro-organism called a probiotic. once he is eaten by you he will keep your body healthy by fighting against bad bacteria.




pat o'gen
pat o'gen is an infectious microbe and an enemy of gi jake and luke o'cyte. he spreads disease and if he finds his way into you he may make you sick.




luke o'cyte
luke o'cyte on the other hand is a white blood cell (one of the good guys). he rides around in your blood stream and helps fight against infections.





apc microbiome ireland
the apc microbiome ireland is a scientific research institute, based at university college cork, where more than 200 scientists are working hard to figure out how the good bacteria in your gut keep you healthy and how they can be used to treat disease.  your clever body can tell if a microbe is good for you or if it is bad and apc scientists are trying to find out how your body knows this.  when they find out, they want to make microbes work for mankind – and work hard to keep you healthy!
the education and outreach team at apc helps to take care of the microbe magic website.








back to top
 ©apc microbiome ireland 2015 · disclaimer · privacy · terms








