






trumbull church of christ – passion for god…..compassion for people

































 skip to content 

 


















 trumbull church of christ passion for god.....compassion for people 

 


skip to content	
home
our church

bible studies, classes & sermons

live sunday feed
our youtube channel
death and the afterlife (wed 7pm zoom class)


announcements
plan of salvation
our beliefs
our history

150 history booklet
150th anniversary photos
geneva bible from the 16th century on display at connecticut church




our leaders

elder, preacher, ron saracino
elder, bruce pancoast


our ministries

care baskets
spooner house
education
families with young children
men’s bible study
ladies bible study


calendar
times of service & studies
contact us

directions


members area
 



 


 



 welcome to the trumbull church of christ website  




 we are live on sunday's from 10am-noon click here to view our youtube channel for past videos when not live
donation page / página de donación


 
we are so excited that you decided to visit us online today! as you browse through our website, you will see that we are a church who has a passion for god, and compassion for people. we meet regularly to share in worship, study, prayer, friendship, and service to others. it is our hope to share the same kindness, compassion, and love that jesus christ has shown us with everyone we come into contact with. we invite you to join us at one of our services where we passionately worship god and study his word. we pray that as you visit with us, you feel loved and are challenged to grow in your walk with jesus. we look forward to meeting you! if you would like to know more about us or would like to set up a more personal study of god's word, please contact us.  

if you visit us you will find . .  

 




if you visit on a sunday morning you will find . . .
you are not the only visitor. we have numerous visitors every week and are always pleased to have you.
there is plenty of parking places on the side of our building and handicap accessible spaces in the front entrance.
there is seating in an auditorium filled with rows of pews. there are no reserved seats, so you may sit anywhere.							


read more  





free bible course 

 




wbs offers a core set of lesson booklets and online lessons known as the master series. the bible-based lessons teach the fundamentals of god, his grace and love, jesus, the gospel message, the church, and christian living. wbs courses are designed to increase your knowledge and faith in god by seeing for yourself what the bible says.							


read more  





steps to salvation 

 




what must be done to be saved?							


read more  





live worship playlist 

 




click on the "read more" button to be taken to our archive of all past sermon and lessons spoken in english.							


read more  





our calendar 

 




“and let us consider one another in order to stir up love and good works, not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as is the manner of some, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as you see the day approaching.” –							


read more  





beyond reasonable doubt 

 




the goal of this series is to help all who would look at the evidence openly and honestly to see that in the pages of the bible we can find and know ‘beyond reasonable doubt’ a reliable and trustworthy guide to finding faith in god through his word and from that knowledge finding in jesus of nazareth: love, value, forgiveness, and hope.							


read more  




 
 

 





where we meet:

building address
2 drew circle
trumbull, ct 06611
building phone: (203) 261-5201
map & directions

 



when we meet:



sunday mornings10:00 am – 10:45 am: 
bible class11:00 am – 12:00 am: worship
wednesday07:00 pm: evening 
(online) study
 




 











 
powered by tempera &   wordpress.		
























