


bick green associates - business intelligence solutions.




































products






services







about us






contact us

























bick green associates are internet developers specialising in business intelligence (bi) solutions.
established in 1996 and building upon a rich experience of providing web-based business applications, 
we are able to deliver reporting, analysis and dashboard solutions to clients across a wide range of 
industries and sectors.
in recent years qliktech’s flagship bi software qlikview has emerged 
as the clear front-runner 
among business analysis tools. qlikview quite simply “lets you stop guessing and start knowing how 
to make faster, smarter decisions”. for bick green associates qlikview is the obvious choice for 
meeting our clients’ needs to transform lifeless data into meaningful analysis tools for strategic 
advantage.
a properly developed bi solution using qlikview can produce a dramatic strategic advantage for a 
business. e-mail us for a free initial consultation.
prior to specialising in bi solutions for our clients, bick green associates focused on web-based 
applications in two main areas: insurance claims management and email marketing.
paperswift is a 
claims and incident management system for the internet and the intranet, meeting the demands on insurance 
and legal professionals for greater compliance, process visibility and cost-savings.

























rhomboidmail is our fast and powerful marketing 
tool used to communicate with your customers and prospects. using email with trackable links you can raise 
your brand profile, drive down marketing costs and drive up traffic to your site. compared to traditional 
methods, response rates are very high – 
and immediate. see sample
paperswift and rhomboidmail allow remote-working by staff and 
associates using only a browser. the flexibility and the security of your business are enhanced, especially 
in the event of business disruption.























