
















how to make money









































































how to make money






























































































friday, december 10, 2010








make money online as a telemarketer





    make money online series contd.  telemarketing, if done right can allow you to:1) make money2) work from home   telemarketing  has been around for a very long time.   in fact, it is one of the most powerful tools in the business-marketing  arsenal.  more   and more people are turning to telemarketing from their homes as an  excellent  way to earn money, without having to endure the 9-to-5 grind  of a regular job.   in addition, while the economy might be tanking, telemarketing is  booming.  how  can you make money online as a telemarketer?   why would you want to?  many  reasons exist to learn how to make money online as a telemarketer.   first,  you will be able to work from the comfort of your own home. that  means  no more worrying about driving to work, enduring an endless commute and   paying high gas prices.   it also allows you to spend more time with your family and friends, and  more time doing things that you love.   how does the modern telemarketing world work?  in  order to make money online as a telemarketer, you will need a decent computer  with high-speed internet access.   you will also need some form of home office software, such as microsoft  office, or open office.   finally,  you will need to have a home office setup, with long distance  access  on your phone line (or voip service), a printer, scanner, fax machine  and  all the other assorted tools of the trade.   a dedicated email address is also a requirement in most cases.  to   make money online as a telemarketer, you must be able to set aside the  required  time, each day. this may be in the morning, the afternoon or  the evening.   some companies even have overnight positions, though these are rare.   being flexible in your scheduling is a necessity for the home-based  telemarketer.  you   must also have an area to which you can retreat where quiet is the  rule,  somewhere away from noisy children and the distractions of daily  life.   each phone call must be made this way.  finally,  to make money online as a telemarketer, you will need to sign up with a  telemarketing service.   thankfully,  due to the increased interest and continued efficacy of this  type of  position, numerous companies exist through which you can work.   each  company will have their own hiring, scheduling and pay stipulations,   so make sure you find a company that fits your wants and needs.  after   you get your connections set up to make money online as a  telemarketer, now you  need to know how to make the money come in fast,  big and consistent.   1st  quick make money tip - make your immediate benefit easily clear within the  first few seconds of your presentation.  2nd  - quick make money tip – remember selling is a numbers game. so learn to  prospect.  you  are looking for the right prospect for your product or service.   don’t try to convince people to buy, but instead look for the buyers.  3rd   quick make money tip – have a customer follow-up system in place to  stay in  touch with the would be buyer so they can make a decision to  buy at there own  pace if they are not ready to buy at this moment.   the  prospect will appreciate your follow-ups & you will have a chance   to build trust and eventually make money bringing a solution to the  table in  time.  here,  you will find a few resources to help you get started.





posted by



mr.fox




at

3:24 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest





















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















الكود












followers











like people





blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2010

(26)





        ▼ 
      



december

(3)

make money online as a telemarketer
3 easy ways to make money online with ezines
make money online for free








        ► 
      



november

(21)







        ► 
      



october

(2)









about me





mr.fox



view my complete profile

































total pageviews




















simple theme. powered by blogger.
























