





unitech solutions




























































services
solutions
about us  our history
why choose us
our executive team


contact
 

























home


 



ict services designed for your business.



we tailor technology solutions to give you a competitive advantage, improve operations and facilitate growth.



we do this through customised smart solutions to meet your business requirements:

















cloud solutions


cloud solutions can be confusing and create uncertainty regarding security, maintenance and access to business-critical information.


whether you’re thinking of starting, migrating or simply require support of an existing cloud environment, unitech solutions can make this process simple and seamless.















digital transformation


in today’s fast-paced business world, the use of new, fast, and frequently changing digital technology to solve problems is becoming increasingly common.


digital transformation is shaping the way clients do business and the team at unitech solutions has the experience, knowledge and proven track record to assist any business through their digital transformation journey.















managed services solutions


with over 30 years experience in providing ict solutions and services to our clients, unitech solutions has developed comprehensive, proactive and efficient outsourced managed services packages to suit any client’s needs across any industry.















cyber-security solutions


cyber-criminals have become more sophisticated in their approach to accessing your digital information and with the advent of technology, they have more options than ever for gaining access to your business-critical information.


implementing policies and security systems are critical in minimising the dangers of cyber-attacks. unitech solutions can help you decide what the best solutions are to meet your needs and put your mind at ease.





				get in touch			





we provide an extensive range of ict services through our 6 service pillars:















				consulting			

we have extensive experience in a wide range of ict areas...

discover more

 













				design			

like your business, each network is unique. we can help design the network...

discover more

 













				procurement			

purchasing the right products for your business can be confusing...

discover more

 













				implementation			

we have skilled and experienced staff to do the job right the first time...

discover more

 













				maintenance & support			

with over 30 years in business we've developed comprehensive systems...

discover more

 













				ongoing assessment			

as your business evolves, so will your technology needs...

discover more

 










contact us today for an evaluation on how we can improve your business performance and achieve a better bottom line.

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *phone number *companyyour message *submit 













 

 

copyright © 1989-2021 unitech solutions.
all rights reserved.



local call: 1300 it help

(1300 48 4357)


sydney

(02) 9223 4853

140 william street east sydney, nsw 2011
po box 3222 parramatta, nsw 2150


wollongong

(02) 4224 6900

101 kenny street wollongong, nsw 2500
po box 1583 wollongong, nsw 2500













cloud solutions


cloud solutions can be confusing and create uncertainty regarding security, maintenance and access to business critical information. we can guide you whether you’re thinking of starting, migrating or simply require support of an existing cloud environment. unitech solutions can make this process simple and seamless.
if you’re considering cloud for your business or have already migrated to the cloud, the team at unitech can tailor a solution to meet your specific needs and requirements.
unitech solutions has partnered with some of the world’s leading cloud vendors and with over 10 years experience in designing and implementing cloud solutions, we can help your business.


			✕            






cyber-security solutions


cyber-criminals have become more sophisticated in their approach to accessing your digital information and with the advent of technology, they have more options than ever for gaining access to your business-critical information.
implementing policies and security systems are critical in minimising the dangers of cyber-attacks. unitech solutions can help you decide what the best solutions are to meet your needs and put your mind at ease.
with cyber-security being the number one economic crime in australia, it’s more important now than ever to ensure your cyber-security solutions are aligned with today’s evolving hybrid and cloud network environments.
without a complete solution encompassing security hardware, software, monitoring, detection and remediation, the cost to your business can be devastating, not just financially, but professionally.
we can consult and design a solution from a range of world leading products and services to maintain business continuity.


			✕            






managed services solutions


with 30+ years experience in providing ict solutions and services to our clients, unitech solutions has developed comprehensive, proactive and efficient outsourced managed services packages to suit any client’s needs across any industry.
unitech solutions has developed a comprehensive, multi-layered approach to proactively monitor & support your ict systems and network environments.
our serenity package gives you the peace of mind that your ict systems and network environments are continuously running at optimum performance, whilst troubleshooting potential problems before they lead to costly business downtime.
the serenity package is a comprehensive network management offering, which combines 24×7 monitoring of all types of network environments with pre-emptive, auto-corrective detection of potential problems within your networks to minimise the impact to your business.
since the serenity package is modelled around fixed costs for our clients, we take on the financial and technical risks in the agreement. this fuels our commitment to ensuring your networks have maximum uptime, productivity and security.
the serenity package is also designed to be tailored to meet the specific needs and requirements of our clients to offer a more comprehensive network, disaster management, helpdesk and support solution.


			✕            






digital transformation


in today’s fast-paced business world the use of rapid and frequently changing digital technology to solve problems is becoming increasingly common. digital transformation is shaping the way clients do business and the team at unitech solutions has the experience, knowledge and proven track record to assist any business through their digital transformation journey.
digital transformation in the technology sector encompasses a multitude of elements designed around your software, hardware and cloud solutions.
having traveled our own digital transformation over the last 30 years, we understand the challenges associated with this journey and the benefits gained at the end.
we can assist your business through this journey so you can remain competitive within your industry.


			✕            






vince iacovelli


vince has been with the company since its conception in 1989. during that time, he has built the business from a one-man operation to a multi-departmental organisation encompassing consulting, sales, service & software development.
with over 35 years’ experience in the information communications & technology (ict) sector, he has worked with multi-nationals in technical support, research & development, product development & business operations, and has provided consulting services in malaysia, papua new guinea, taiwan and the usa.
his passion for solving business problems using the latest technology has created a culture that resulted in many business and personal achievements, including multiple national awards and recognitions.
his passion is engineering (as well as cars) and the pursuit of solving operational and business problems using the latest technology.
vince is an associate member of the australian institute of engineers australia (amieaust) in the itee college (information technology electrical & electronics).
 


			✕            






gordon krstevski


gordon joined unitech solutions in 1995. over his 25+ year tenure with the company, gordon has held the roles of network engineer & senior solutions architect, and in 2006 was promoted to his current role of service manager.
gordon is responsible for managing the technical division including the field engineers, the helpdesk team and the project implementation team. due to his lengthy experience, gordon is heavily involved in the design of solutions with the senior solutions architects to ensure ‘best outcomes’ for clients.
gordon has experience on a wide range of areas including cloud solutions, lan, wan & risk management systems. he has managed project for a multitude of small, medium & large organisations and has been involved in all aspects of the design, implementation and rollout for each individual client.
his industry qualifications include computer engineering, microsoft azure, office 365 cloud, itil & prince2 frameworks, citrix, vmware, hp & cisco. he is also a microsoft certified systems engineer.
gordon focuses on getting strategic insights into client operations, culture and objectives to design and select best solutions for clients that will exceed their expectations. his passion for client satisfaction is only surpassed by his dedication to his beautiful family.
 


			✕            






luke iacovelli


luke has worked at unitech solutions since 2005 across a wide range of different areas including administration, finance, sales, marketing & project management.
since 2008, he has been the sales manager at unitech solutions, responsible for the sales department and driving further business growth through client management, product knowledge and delivering smart solutions.
luke has a bachelor of commerce degree from the university of wollongong (majoring in management). he has experience in running a department, corporate finance, selling techniques, as well as technology solutions in the market, giving luke a broader understanding on the scope of each individual client’s needs & requirements.
luke also has extensive industry qualifications from key vendors like microsoft, hp, vmware & citrix (just to name a few).
as the sales manager, luke prides himself on the quality of his sales team, product knowledge and the delivery of efficient, cost effective smart solutions for the wide range of clients under his portfolio.
 


			✕            






jana nicolaou


jana joined unitech solutions in 2012 as a receptionist.
during her 8+ year tenure with the company, jana has been involved in every aspect of the business, from reception duties, through to sales & service department administration, accounts and timesheet management.
her friendly and bubbly personality has made her a favourite with the clients and staff alike, and when her office manager retired in 2017, she was promoted to the office manager position.
jana has a certificate ii & iii in business administration and besides keeping the clients happy, jana’s other passion is her two lovely poodle dogs (boris & izzy) whom she calls her ‘babies’.
 


			✕            






harrison marczak


harrison heads the unitech solutions software development team and is involved in the design, development and implementation of the company’s two leading software products, the valitag and the caretag system.
harrison joined the software development team in 2018 and very quickly established himself as a leading developer, with project planning and resource management skills.
he joined the company with a background in having over 6 years of experience in full stack development, including desktop & mobile application development, database design & maintenance, report writing, web graphic design & web development.
harrison graduated with a bachelor of computer science degree from the university of wollongong in 2013 and also ran as president of the game making club for 2 years.
besides programming, his other passion is running as an organiser for the pokémon company international, hosting and volunteering for events in the wollongong area.
 


			✕            






ongoing assessment


as your business evolves, so will your technology needs. we’ll be there constantly monitoring and reviewing to make recommendations as required.
we can take care of:




hardware lifecycle management


software upgrades & renewals


preventative maintenance




network trends & patterns


warranty & vendor management








			✕            






maintenance & support


with over 30 years in business we have developed comprehensive systems and processes to ensure your network is available when you need it. we have a team of local professional and friendly staff ready to support your needs.
our support services include:




managed services agreements


pre-paid plan agreements


ad-hoc support




on-site & remote support


local in-house help-desk services


complete ict outsourcing services




comprehensive network monitoring services


customised ticketing & automation center systems







			✕            






implementation


using the latest technology requires product knowledge and ongoing training. we have skilled and experienced staff to do the job right the first time. our staff is trained in a wide range of industry leading products and services, backed by vendor support.
our implementation services include:




complete network rollout


remote site integration


security




cloud-based infrastructure


back-up & recovery systems


infrastructure as a service (iaas)




software as a service (saas)


telephony & data networks







			✕            






procurement


purchasing the right products for your business can be confusing and challenging. we can make this process simple and stress-free. no matter what brand or product we can source it at a competitive price. we also service what we sell.
compare us for:




hardware


software


consumables




peripherals


mobile devices


subscriptions




hosting & internet services








			✕            






design


just like your business, each network is unique. we can help design the network that’s right for you. utilising the latest technology to deliver smart solutions our custom designs are robust, scalable and help improve efficiency in an ever competitive market.
our design services include:




cloud-based network design


hybrid network design


collaboration solutions




multi-site connection & integration


hosting platforms


risk management solutions




telecommunication & voip solutions


in-house network & infrastructure design







			✕            






consulting


we have extensive experience in a wide range of ict areas including planning, management and outsourcing. when consulting we take a holistic approach to ensure your technology tracks and supports your business plans and requirements.
our consulting services include:




ict strategic planning


project management


cost vs. benefit analysis




network evaluations & audits


risk assessments & mitigation


software evaluations




technology mergers & acquisitions


software evaluations, reviews & recommendations


government & legislation compliance review






			✕            






test


test popup.


			✕            

















services
solutions
about us  our history
why choose us
our executive team


contact
 































