






















lisa shea's wineintro - basic wine tips, faqs, information



















































wineintro
lisa shea personally guides you through the world of wine









toggle navigation










home
basics
wine types
pairings
sangria
regions
forum
blog

 











welcome to lisa shea's wineintro website!

						welcome! my name is lisa shea, and i am your personal guide to the world of wine. my mission is to help all levels of wine drinkers find fresh enjoyment and interest in the fascinating world of wine. i feel strongly that wine information should be free - people pay enough to buy the wine bottles!
						
						i've been writing on the internet about wine since 1998. over the years i've created over 25,000 pages, photos, and reviews. all content here is written by me, and it's all ready for your enjoyment. in addition to my articles i also have a blog area for fun updates and a wine forum where you can chime in and participate.
						
						if you have a question and can't find the answer on this site, please post in our wine forums. we are happy to help you out.
						
enjoy a delightful day!



lisa's featured wine blog post


sake japanese rice wine glass serving cups - 4/4/2024 2:17:18 am
most of the time i tend to drink sake out of my porcelain cups, but if it's hot out and i'm drinking a sake which is meant to stay cool, i definitely pull this glass set out.


with this set, you put an ice cube or two in the inner blue area of the flask. the ice keeps the sake cool while not diluting it with the melting ice. it's the best of both worlds. and the blue sake cups are quite lovely.



https://youtu.be/kkf9p6wehfs


all of lisa shea's wine blog posts ...


wine basics
there is always something new to learn about wine. what is the best temperature for serving a chardonnay? how do you store a wine after the bottle has been opened? does refrigerating a wine harm it? learn tips and techniques for serving and enjoying your wine. 
wine basics

wine types
there are thousands of wines in the world, from the typical cabernet and chardonnay to the more rare bull's blood and ice wine. learn about the countless varieties of wine - what makes each one unique, and which might become your new favorites. expand your horizons!
wine types

wine and food pairings
each of us has a very different set of taste buds. some of us love spicy flavors, others prefer their food more mild. this means that the proper pairing of food and wine is individual, based on your personal likes and dislikes. we can help you in your quest.
food wine pairings











follow us



facebook   



twitter   



youtube   



pinterest   



linkedin   



search for:






subscribe





subscribe to our mailing list







categories 
champagne cocktails

food and wine pairings

news and events

quotes and songs

sangria recipes

tv and movies

wine cork crafts

wine reviews

wineintro info


wine books advertising




twittertweets by wineintro wineintro rss feedrss - posts









about wineintroall content copyright (c) 
lisa shea / minerva webworks
all rights reserved.
contact lisa shea


follow usfacebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest
linkedin








	privacy & cookies: this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
to find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
	
		cookie policy	

advertising







facebook

wineintro










                        powered by                         
                            wordpress                        
 | 

                        twinkle theme by                         
                            wp compass                        
















































































