



tyrinth





		be part of the online villa community: click here for discussions, pictures, announcements, more.
		
villa pictoral history

		bellingham's undiscovered northern beaches are prime locations for driftwood structures.  "the villa" was one of the most
		elaborate and had become a destination
		for many bellingham beach explorers until the folks from the cliffside neighborhood chainsawed everything resembling art on the beach.
		peace through destruction, not.

photography by scot ranney

		pictures of the bellingham area and more.  beautiful, intersting, frightening, curious... photographs of bellingham beaches,
		scenery, art, chuckanut area, mt. baker ski area, and more.
		
things that scot writes

		when the time comes to scribble, scot can be a serious writer, however with proper precautions it will never happen.  the writings
		located herin are a testament to interesting word usements without being serious.
		
learn jazz piano: free jazz piano lessons and information on scot's site
		devoted to the art of jazz piano. extensive forums, lessons, and downloadable files offer more jazz piano resources than a person could
		use in a lifetime.
		
		 
		
thyme for sage advice: herb growing tips and how to avoid common problems
		while growing herbs such as basil, oregano, thyme, saphron, and others.
		
		old tyrinth stuff:
		
area 52 •
		aspen photos (plus others)

gateway to reality bbs (historical)

greene point

		mushy joe: 1 • 2






	
		if you look for something hard enough, you will find it. that's the easy part. the difficulty lies in what comes next?

		
		 
		

		they sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
		
		they pursued it with forks and hope;
		
		they	threatened it's life with a railroad share;
		
		they charmed it with smiles and soap.
		

		from lewis carrol's, the hunting of the snark


		patron: "hey, let's have some jazz music!"
		
		sax: "what kind of fish does he want?"
		
		drums: "give him some tea. he wants tea."
		
		bass: "how about we phase him and then take the oreos?"
		
		piano: "i heard about that tea."
	




	"oh 'tis the scurby waddle which perbs the
	
	slippant vumlop, or say the clig mullert."
		





est 1995, copyright © tyrinth.com tm



