
















home































          


    

    home



  about us



  what we stand for



  contact us








   +27 11 481 5800marketing@ridgeschool.co.za





      

 we are currently revising our website. in the meantime, you can browse the rest of the site or visit our instagram page!        












 



       



   
 an all-boys' preparatory school (gr 0-7) which nurtures our future leaders
 
welcome to the ridge school. established in 1919 and situated on the scenic westcliff ridge in johannesburg, the ridge offers the best independent school experience that any parents could wish to give their sons. with a history as rich as ours, we take pride in upholding the values upon which our school was built whilst enhancing our school environment with modern approaches to education that focus on holistic development.


    encouraging your son to grow into a future leader

 a preparatory school forms the foundation of your child’s future, so deciding which prep school to attend is one of the most important choices you can make.at the ridge school, we believe in providing an education that goes beyond just academics. we strive to foster self-confidence, a love of learning, independence, leadership and a sense of kindness and respect in our young students.


   
your child deserves to be taught in a safe and inclusive environment where he can develop self-confidence, and a curiosity for life. at the ridge school, we pride ourselves in providing our boys with these key opportunities.at the ridge school, we believe that every young human being has the world at his feet, and the ground on which he stands is fertile for abundant growth.  with a healthy, caring environment to support this growth and guide him, those inner strengths and talents can truly shine.    






 
      contact us







 
       

click to call



    

email



    

enroll now



    

payment











      

  visit
  26 woolston road
westcliff
johannesburg
2196

  contact
  011 481 5800
info@ridgeschool.co.za

  connect
     



















































































































  
  share by:








