





bainbridge chamber of commerce – unique and special





























































home
business directory
community

organizations
history
education


recreation

parks
attractions


events
about
get in touch
bainbridge, ny 607.967.8700contact us









prevnextwelcome tobainbridgecome to bainbridge and discover what makes it special, including entertainment, scenic beauty, places to stay and eat, and unique and interesting businesses.discoverdiscoveroutdoorsdirectories


things to do
in bainbridge
start exploring







bainbridge square




bainbridge square
village green
come to bainbridge and discover what makes it special, including entertainment, scenic beauty, places to stay and eat, and unique and interesting businesses.
read more









town hall theatre




town hall theatre
the town hall theatre is a unique 1910 vintage proscenium theatre that has been restored to its original look, the last of its kind in the susquehanna valley.
read more









antiquing




antiquing
regional businesses provide a unique shopping experience, including speciality food, farm markets and antiques (including antiques, art, furniture, oddities and more).
 
read more









local markets




local markets
you can find a huge array of produce, live farm animals, and greenhouse stock, fresh or preserved, raw or processed, baking supplies, deli meat & more.
read more









you-cut-trees




you-cut-trees
visitors may find their ideal tree on the lot or pick a handy pre-cut tree, big or small, different types, fresh smell, fun for families and kids.
read more









outdoors




outdoors
spend a quality time canoeing
or walking up the trails
of fresh air and nature.
the moments you won’t forget.
 
read more




recent postsmeeting minutesminutes of bainbridge chamber of commerce general membership meeting – july 18, 2023attendees:  jeff anderson, jr bogert, steve cafasso, dave declue, randy janinda, mike kauffman, bruce kellogg, lori mcgraw, dolores nabinger, john payne, armando petruccelli, tim ryan, teri schunk, chris smith, phil...
read more18julmeeting minutesminutes of bainbridge chamber of commerce general membership meeting – june 20, 2023attendees:  jr bogert, jay campbell, dave declue, matt germond, heather & randy janinda, bruce kellogg, barb mulkins, dolores nabinger, john payne, armando petruccelli, teri schunk, chris smith, sal testani, phil...
read more13julmeeting minutesminutes of bainbridge chamber of commerce general membership meeting – april 18, 2023attendees:  jr bogert, jay campbell, steve eisenberg, bruce kellogg, lori mcgraw, john payne, armando petruccelli, teri schunk, chris smith, phil wade, june white member benefits/services advocacy– the chamber is the...
read more15mayget in touch

 







































contacts
bainbridge, ny
607.967.8700
contact us

login






about us the bainbridge chamber of commerce is committed to promoting area businesses, we feel bainbridge has a lot to offer, so help us spread the word.

join the chamber joining is easy! simply fill out the membership form and return to the bainbridge chamber of commerce, p.o. box 2, bainbridge. membership dues are $50/year for businesses and $35/year for friends of the chamber.
click here to download the membership form.








2020 bainbridge chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.



 























