










middle eastern, dance & music.  arabic, turkish, romany,  tribal, gypsy, bellydance, boot camps nyc, pa, usa, turkey | folktours.com
















































 

folktours








homecommunityusa eventsturkey eventscalendarregistermediaturkish danceforum





 photosvideosmusic teachersdance teachersdaily scheduleevent classesactivitiesreviewsgeneral infomusic teachersdance teachersevents itenaryevent classesactivitiesgeneral informationoptional toursabout turkey user panellists of eventsevents  usa photosevents turkey photosturkish musicturkish music instrumentsturkey visitor informations 


skip to content














camp location 

 

										dear campers,
included below is your camper handbook.  this includes very important informatio...									



camper performances 

 

										
once again! camper pre-show practice showcase -- sat &  sunday-- 8:30- 9:30 pm- to participate...									



romani (gypsy) dance 

 

										the roma (gypsies) who now reside in every continent of the world, originally came from india. the r...									



public transportations 

 

										 
airports:nearest airports; newark airport, laguardia airport

train:after further research we d...									



henna artists 

 

										fabulous henna designs by debbie and zarifa! enjoy a peaceful moment while  experiencing the ancient...									



vending 

 

										
"enjoy amazing shopping with our wonderful vendors:  sharifwear

sharifwear, http://www.sha...									



dance classes 

 

										we will have classes all day saturday and sunday.
...									



drum circle 

 

										the drum circle will beat the campfire location friday,saturday,sunday night from 8:30pm-9:30pm.
...									



dance party 

 

										beginning with our friday night welcome party, our wonderful musicians will play for you every night...									



tarot/psychic readings 

 

										psychic/tarot reads with debbie
a psychic read can bring clarity, insights, and new perspectives to...									



network table 

 

										a table will be provided in the vendor area for everyone to put out their flyers, business cards and...									



swap meet 

 

										on saturday evening only during dinner and until the show, we will have a swap meet for anyone who w...									



what to bring 

 

										all dancers please bring comfortable dance shoes!  (dance class rooms have nice floors, so you ...									



teacher performances 

 

										all our enormously talented instructors will also be performing along with specially invited guests....									



dining 

 

										big improvements for this year-- delicious, healthy meals will now be served buffet style in the lab...									



dance 

 

										middle eastern dance is one of the oldest known dance forms. this tradition is an ancient art that h...									



accomodations 

 

										 

cabins: 
labadorf center dormitories:


there are dormitory rooms for 80 people in the cent...									



music and singing classes 

 

										we will have classes saturday and sunday.  ...									



music 

 

										we offer small, group instruction in many middle eastern instruments. music classes include informat...									



folk dance 

 

										



the middle east has a rich tradition of folk dance. every district has its own local tunes, ...									



camping 

 

										all those who wish to stay in tents must pitch their tents in the designated area. we regret that th...									



parking 

 

										parking permits will be issued at registration.
all vehicles must be parked in the designated lot a...									



oriental dance 

 

										oriental dance (also known as bellydancing) has ancient roots and thriving international traditions ...									



 singing classes 

 

										we will have classes saturday and sunday. class schedules will be handed out at camp upon registatio...									



warm-up and yoga 

 

										the morning warm-up class with yoga explanation of the daily warm-up class: daily warm-upi want...									



 

















	folktours




			welcome to folk tours	

folk tours offers educational and entertaining music and dance events in the united states and in turkey.our goal is to use music and dance to build bridges between cultures. we want to educate, enlighten and inspire students of all ages, genders, creeds and ethnic backgrounds. we also provide tours of turkey with a special emphasis on seeing the sights, learning the history and experiencing the culture. we are a company run by dancers and musicians. -read more






			tayyar akdeniz	

director - choreographer performer musician teacher promoter  tayyar akdeniz founded and owns m.e.d. folk tours, inc., and is now devoting   his time between turkey and the united states. he is looking forward to   sharing his love of dance and music and his knowledge of middle eastern culture through many dance and music events both in the usa and turkey. tayyar akdeniz was born in kars, turkey. he was raised in ankara where  he began performing as a child.he was influenced greatly and learned  many dance and music styles from the romany (gypsy) population in his  neighborhood in ankara.he worked and toured with many turkish dance  ensembles throughout his childhood and adolescence and started teaching  professionally at the age of 16. tayyar learned, performed and taught  hundreds of turkish folk dances for national folk dance associations in  turkey. he toured extensively throughout the world with the prestigious  turkish state folk dance ensemble and with other dance troupes.
he has performed on the stages of bulgaria, romania, the former  yugoslavia, italy, france, germany, austria, russia, mexico, albania,  indonesia, malaysia, singapore, thailand, south korea, hong kong, china,  india, pakistan, bangladesh, cyprus and throughout the united states.  he has learned dances from such well known masters as duygu aykal, sonya  aslan, gul oya arioba and atlan tekin. tayyar has shared the stage with  many very distinguished artists, musicians and singers, including zeki  muren, nida tufekci, arif sag, muhlis akarsu, izzet altinmese, ozay  gonlum, belkis akkale, ajda pekkan and ibrahim tatlises.

read more...













		search	
 




























							username





							password





							remember me							







							forgot your password?							



							forgot your username?							





 





connect with facebook













		0 users		
					and 314 guests				
		online 
		
show all


 





 






 

















subscribe newsletter












folk tours newsletter 






 

 














 








2011 us camp videos







most read




			camp location



			ossama farouk



			tayyar akdeniz



			tayyar akdeniz

 




latest members




                                     


show all


 









you are here: 
home


 
top


skip to content









 | about us | contact us | terms & conditions | site map | links | newsletter archives | archives | forum | 
copyright © 2010 m.e.d. folk tours llc . all rights reserved. template designed by joomlart.com and webmaster












