








get mold solutions | the nation's black mold solutions expert
























 




















home
free report
live teleconference
100% guaranteed products
order
articles
testimonials
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 








“showing you how to get rid of dangerous black mold and create a safe home for your family… almost overnight!”
 
dear friend,
congratulations for coming to my no b.s. “get mold solutions – now” website. perhaps you’ve read my articles before. maybe you were referred by a friend. or maybe you found this site by “accident” (if there is such a thing). being that i’m now helping people in all 50 states, i doubt it.
regardless of how you got here, i dare you to go through this entire website and not discover a great deal of must-have 24 karat gold information that’s guaranteed to help you rid your home of toxic black mold and reclaim your health.
if you suspect that you’re dealing with a black mold problem, it’s imperative that you get my free black mold report. this nationally publicized report cuts through all the media hype to give you a step-by-step plan to rid your home of black mold.
you may also want to register for my next no-charge consumer awareness teleseminar. this will let you speak with me personally and give you an opportunity to get answers to your biggest problems and concerns. just use this free teleseminar link to get all the details.
as soon as you start browsing around the site, you’ll quickly discover why www.getmoldsolutions.com is the #1 consumer awareness resource on the internet.
i look forward to being of service to you.
sincerely,

kevin thompson
the nation’s mold solutions expert
p.s. be sure to take advantage of all the resources this site offers.
p.s.s. want to see what people are saying about this website? be sure to see the hundreds of testimonials from my subscribers and clients.
 

what if everything you ever thought you knew about black mold was dead wrong?
finally, a tested and proven system that shows you how to wipe out black mold and reclaim your health, almost overnight!
i hate to tell you this because i don’t want to sound pompous or arrogant, but if you’re like most of my clients, you’ve been completely misinformed (and in some cases even lied to) about the black mold issue. i mean think about it for just a minute… read entire article 
 

is your own vacuum cleaner contaminating your home with black mold spores?
“confidential report reveals the inside story that the manufacturers and salesmen have been keeping from you… until now!”
i’ve got to tell you, this subject makes me really angry! and here’s why. i’ve been doing cleaning and restoration since 1996, and when talking with my client’s, the… read entire article 
 

he says, “i’ve got amazing photos that are proof positive you can clean mold yourself”.
the whole time i’m thinking to myself, yeah right, another salesman, how can i get this guy off the phone? he could tell i wasn’t very excited, and he was right. i mean give me a break; i get these calls all the time. in a last ditch effort he asked…. read entire article 
 
 

first big tobacco – now “big mold”!
 the unethical “big mold” companies are loosing serious revenue because of this consumer awareness site.
they detest what i’m doing and they’ll stop at nothing to shut me up, cause they sure as heck don’t want you finding out about…
click here to continue…
 
healthy home article archives

 
ethical contractor rolodex
click here to introduce your company
to over 14,000 consumers
who currently have a mold problem
the carpet man – anchorage, al
drake restore – san carlos, ca 
daystar – panama city, fl
sunrise clean care – atlanta, ga
maxcare – springfield, mo
ameristeam – st joseph, mo
yellow van – kearney, ne
free unflood – midland, tx
dirt busters – marysville, wa
new way – parkersburg, wv
great white – lowell, il
osborne’s restoration – spokane, wa
 
 





get mold solutions.com in the news!
 


 
 
 







 
 
 
 
 
 
 



  © copyright 2002-2015, get mold solutions, inc., all rights reserved
19322 107th ave. ne ~ arlington, wa 98223 ~ usa
phone/fax: 360-203-3070
email: kevin@getmoldsolutions.com

    
 


home
free report
live teleconference
100% guaranteed products
order
testimonials
contact
 
 


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress
 

 
 
 









