


louisiana tech university - b.o.s.s.












 


colleges
inside tech
calendar
news





















future students |
				current students |
				faculty & staff |
				alumni & friends |
				visitors




























b.o.s.s. - home
b.o.s.s. help
student b.o.s.s. login
faculty b.o.s.s. login
critical registration dates
payment deadlines and purge dates
advising form
academic major changes
available course sections

course catalog
financial aid







bulldog on-line student system (b.o.s.s.)





tax information for 1098-t's





welcome to the bulldog online student system (boss)!




boss is an internet web portal used to connect students and faculty to the student information system located on the university mainframe computer. it is a secure method of accessing your student records, viewing grades, completing registration actions, and for paying tuition or applying financial aid (scholarships, grants, loans, etc.) to your tuition bill. it is operated and maintained through the combined efforts of the university computing center staff, the university registrar’s staff, and the comptroller’s staff.



need a boss pin number?


the boss pin number is a unique identifier established by the university that
supplements your student number, assists us with protection of your records, and
provides you restricted identification access to your private information. we e-mail
boss pin number reminders to each student’s tech e-mail account each quarter.
if you’re not actively using your tech e-mail account, and need your boss pin #,
you may come by the registrar’s office (keeny hall 207) with your tech id and the
staff will look it up for you. if you need to reactivate your tech e-mail account,
bring your tech id and come by the computing center located in the basement of wyly
tower to have it reactivated. for more information about our computing center go to
url http://cc.latech.edu.
for additional assistance with questions about computing on campus, go to the students
faq at url  http://helpdesk.latech.edu/.



use boss to check your records for any holds !


if you have unpaid parking tickets, overdue or lost library books, unpaid lab supply charges, or any unpaid student account balance, etc., you will not be allowed to participate in early (or any) registration (web or otherwise) until the account charge is cleared. avoid the lines, don’t wait until the last minute to take care of your business.



boss operating hours:
no new logins will be accepted 15 minutes before scheduled down times.








monday - thursday
12:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.; 12:30 p.m to 6:00 p.m.and
8:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m.

friday and weekends
12:00 a.m. to to 1:30 p.m.;3:30 until noon monday





































contact us |
a-z index |
search






















		louisiana tech university, a member of the
		
university of louisiana system

		© 2005 louisiana tech university
		305 wisteria street | p.o. box 3178 | ruston, la 71272 | 1-800-latech-1 | webmaster@latech.edu






