






	automated options trading and full-service futures brokerage, saas, personal trading advisor, & proprietary web based trading system! - altavest
    




































thetatrader login

                                    open an account







altavest
                                worldwide trading, inc.





trading strategies

thetatrader
traditional brokerage



education


tools

tradescope
daily commentary
glossary
contract specifications
margin requirements


webinars

thetatrader




about

why altavest
contact info
request info
management team
privacy policy
risk disclosure



949.488.0545












diversify with futures & options

since 1997 altavest has been serving traders. we offer:

thetatrader – our algorithm builds option spreads for all market directions and automatically manages risk/reward
live tradealerts – free 60-day trial - trade proprietary option spreads to collect premium.  it only takes 1-minute with integrated tradealerts!

why altavest








[proprietary technology]trade option spreads like an expert in just minutes


                            developed by industry veterans. you've never seen anything like it.
                        

                            what makes this different? everything! a totally new way to trade.
                        

watch a webinar










one-touch tradealerts!

                            free 60-day trial - place high-probability option spreads in 1-minute with integrated tradealerts!                        




get one-touch tradealerts now!














featured commentary


february 14, 2025

alibaba’s jack ma is meeting with china’s top leadership, feeding an ai frenzy.  the shanghai composite was up a solid +0.43%, while the hang seng index rocketed +3.69% higher.  in japan the nikkei 225 index retreated -0.79%     europe finally pulled...

read more 








tweets
tweets by altavest
















contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
risk disclosure


stay connected

                            twitter
linkedin
youtube




                        the risk of loss in trading commodity futures and options can be substantial. before trading, one must carefully consider their financial position to determine if futures trading is appropriate. one should realize that when trading futures and/or granting/writing options one could lose the full balance of their account. it is also possible to lose more than the initial deposit when trading futures and/or granting/writing options. all funds committed must be purely risk capital. altavest uses "bunched" orders where identical orders from multiple clients are bunched to facilitate processing. fills on orders that are "bunched" are allocated on a pro rata basis. fill prices on such orders are determined using average price methodology for the entire order.  this material has been prepared by a sales or trading employee or agent of altavest and is, or is in the nature of, a solicitation. this material is not a research report prepared by altavest’s research department. by accepting this communication, you agree that you are an experienced user of the futures markets, capable of making independent trading decisions, and agree that you are not, and will not, rely solely on this communication in making trading decisions. distribution in some jurisdictions may be prohibited or restricted by law. persons in possession of this communication indirectly should inform themselves about and observe any such prohibition or restrictions. to the extent that you have received this communication indirectly and solicitations are prohibited in your jurisdiction without registration, the market commentary in this communication should not be considered a solicitation. past performance, whether actual or indicated by simulated historical tests of strategies, is not indicative of future results. trading advice is based on information taken from trades and statistical services and other sources that altavest believes are reliable. we do not guarantee that such information is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. trading advice reflects our good faith judgment at a specific time and is subject to change without notice. there is no guarantee that the advice we give will result in profitable trades.                    








thetatrader® is a registered service mark of altavest worldwide trading, inc.
© altavest 2025. all rights reserved.









