

redfish fishing guide service louisianna
























home


photo 
                    gallery


trip 
                    packages





the 
                redfish specialist
fishhunter 
                guide service inc. is owned and operated by the father/son duo 
                of nash roberts iii & iv. both are college degreed biologists 
                and full time fishing guides. 
fishunter 
              is based near port sulphur, louisiana about 50 minutes southeast 
              of new orleans, and in the heart of the best redfishing in the united 
              states. 

              we operate from our private fishing camp, surrounded by a pristine, 
              shallow water coastal marsh that extends as far as the eye can see.












shallow 
              water redfishing is our specialty. we generally fish in water less 
              than 2 feet in depth and employ bass fishing "techniques", 
              i.e. casting spoons, spinners, jigs and top water baits to the edges 
              of marsh islands and over oyster reefs. 
redfish 
                are the top of the food chain in the marsh, they eat most everything 
                and nothing eats them. this leads to an aggressive behavior that 
                results in rod jarring strikes and explosive action!
prime 
                time to fish reds is august through march. moderate winter time 
                temperatures in the marsh make for a pleasant escape from the 
                sometimes bitter cold over much of the nation during the best 
                redfishing period.
redfish 
                average 4 to 8lbs during this period, however trophy "bull" 
                reds (25-40lbs) are targeted in march and september


fishunter rated the #1 charter fishing business by the chamber 
                  of commerce

                the greater new orleans and river region chamber of commerce has 
                twice selected fishunter guide service as one of the twenty finalists 
                from some 6000 small businesses, for the small business of the 
                year award.
fishunter 
                in 2001 was selected as the micro-business of the year!!
no 
                other fishing business has ever been nominated for this honor, 
                much less become a finalist. 









                fishunter guide service provides the following on their trips:





all 
                        necessary fishing equipment
fish 
                        cleaning
ice
casting 
                        and fishing instruction
educational 
                        background on the ecology and habitat of the coastal marsh/river 
                        delta area




after 
              a day with us, you should be a better fisherman and more knowledgeable 
              about the environment

what fishunter requires of their fisherman:





a 
                        desire to have fun and enjoy the beauty of a pristine 
                        coastal marsh
drinks, 
                        lunch and sun screen




accommodations:
on site: fishunter maintains two separate fishing camps 
                for our guests. both are very clean with 3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, 
                complete kitchens and outside decks over looking the marsh.

off site: 
                10 minutes north: woodland plantation inn. (first class) established 
                1834. national register of historic places
                20 minutes south: empire inn motel; empire, la. 

                call us and speak to a pleasant, knowledgeable captain, with a 
                positive can do attitude that enjoys his profession. 

our motto: we have fun!!
contact 
                us:
                by phone - 800-887-1385 (toll free)
                by e-mail - nashrobertsiii@msn.com
                by mail: 
fishunter guide service, inc.
                1905 edenborn ave.
                metairie, la 70001

                interested in an airboat adventure deep into a louisiana swamp, 
                consider airboat adventures at www.airboatadventures.com




| page design by: imoutdoors.com | 
hosted by imoutdoorshosting.com | 
optimized by bringmebiz.com |








