



automobiles - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indexautomobiles today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementautomobileshighlightswhy porsche is no longer a ‘premium’ sports car in chinachinese drivers are buying affordable electric vehicles loaded with new technology, a trend that is redefining high-end vehicles and hurting german automakers. by melissa eddycreditgilles sabrié for the new york timestrump says auto tariffs coming april 2the president did not specify how much the tariffs would be or which nations could be targeted. by ana swansoncreditthe new york timesstate dept. suspends plan to buy armored teslasvehicles made by elon musk’s company were on a purchase list issued before donald trump was inaugurated and before mr. musk became one of the president’s top advisers. by jack ewingcreditnoah berger/associated pressford chief executive says trump policies may lead to layoffsthe executive, jim farley, said president trump’s tariff and auto policies would raise costs and could force the automaker to cut jobs. by jack ewingcreditsylvia jarrus for the new york timesas musk attacks diversity, tesla addressed racism complaintsthe company’s board pledged to investors that it would pay closer attention to how the company managed workers. by jack ewingcreditlauren justice for the new york timestesla’s european sales drop in january after musk disrupts politics therethe u.s. electric car company’s sales are sliding across europe, amid what many see as interference in local affairs by tesla’s chief executive, elon musk. by melissa eddycreditfelix schmitt for the new york timestrump wants to know why u.s. cars are rare in germany. here are a few reasons.german cars are popular in the united states, but u.s. cars are not as prevalent on german roads. one reason: tiny european streets and parking spots. by melissa eddycreditingmar nolting for the new york timesu.s. automakers get a reprieve but brace for further turmoil.a pause in tariffs on mexico at least temporarily averted disruptions to supply chains that would have forced carmakers to raise prices on som by jack ewing and neal e. boudettecreditariana drehsler for the new york timestesla and chinese carmakers could see windfall from e.u. emissions ruleseuropean carmakers are urging brussels to ease regulations to help them avoid buying carbon credits from rivals in increasingly large amounts. by liz alderman and melissa eddycreditfelix odell for the new york timestesla’s profit fell sharply last yearthe electric car company run by elon musk is facing increasing competition, but investors have focused mostly on the prospects for tesla’s self-driving technology. by jack ewing and neal e. boudettecreditphilip cheung for the new york timesg.m. has plans ready for trump’s canada and mexico tariffsgeneral motors, the largest producer of cars in mexico, won’t provide details on how it would react if president trump imposes 25 percent tariffs from the two countries. by neal e. boudettecreditbrett carlsen for the new york timesstellantis will restart illinois factory that u.a.w. pushed to revivethe united automobile workers union has been pressing the automaker, which owns chrysler and jeep, to revive the plant in belvidere, ill. by neal e. boudettecreditscott olson/getty imageswayne taylor racing rejoins cadillac and goes for its fifth win at daytonathe team had success with the brand before moving to acura for 2021. now it’s back. by ian parkescreditjamey price photographytrump’s order to end e.v. subsidies draws pushback and doubtautomakers and even some republicans may fight to preserve funds, and environmental activists will likely sue, but some experts said that some changes may not survive legal challenges. by jack ewingcreditphilip cheung for the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputtrump’s canada and mexico tariffs could hurt carmakersgeneral motors and a few other companies make as much as 40 percent of their north american cars and trucks in canada and mexico, leaving them vulnerable to tariffs.by neal e. boudette e.v. owners don’t pay gas taxes. so, many states are charging them fees.states are using higher registration fees for electric cars to make up for declining fuel taxes, but some are punitive, environmentalists say. a federal tax could be coming.by jack ewing porsche aims for its record 20th win at daytonano other car manufacturer has as many victories there. not even close.by alex kalinauckas meet the driver who went from formula 1 to endurance racingkevin magnussen, a longtime driver for haas, was grabbed by bmw and will be competing at daytona.by phillip horton automakers brace for impact of trump tariff plan for canada and mexiconorth american car companies have operated across borders for three decades. tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run, analysts say.by neal e. boudette and jack ewing jean jennings, who wrote with verve about cars, dies at 70a cabdriver and mechanic before becoming a journalist, she brought personality and adventure to a once-staid genre. she once won a demolition derby and motorcycled across china.by clay risen toyota truck unit to settle emissions fraud charges for $1.6 billionhino motors, a toyota subsidiary, will plead guilty to conspiracy charges and pay penalties for deceiving regulators about its diesel engines, the e.p.a. said.by jack ewing what to know about the e.v. tax credit that trump might repealrules for a $7,500 tax break for electric vehicle purchases and leases recently changed, but more far-reaching changes are expected when president-elect donald j. trump takes office.by neal e. boudette defending michigan’s auto industry, whitmer warns of tariff risksgov. gretchen whitmer addressed the detroit auto show, saying that tariffs should not be used “to punish our closest trading partners,” like canada.by katie glueck republicans can slow but not stop electric vehicles, experts saymore car buyers are expected to eventually pick battery-powered cars and trucks as prices fall and technology improves, even if biden-era incentives disappear.by jack ewing page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













