














the nord family foundation







      skip to main content
    











main navigation


our focus


strategic framework


arts & culture


civic affairs


education


health & social services




grants


guidelines & eligibility


apply for a grant


grant reporting


grants awarded




about us


our history


our staff


trustees


current financials


recent news




contact








events at oberlin railroad depot
the nord family foundation is pleased to offer the historic oberlin railroad depot for use by local nonprofit organizations for business meetings, seminars or social gatherings.

learn more
close this message












building community
the nord family foundation partners to advance equity, expand access to opportunity, and build thriving and inclusive communities.
strategic framework























what we fund
the nord family foundation focus
we provide grants to non-profit organizations qualified under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. grants are awarded to support general operations, program related activities and capital projects in the areas of arts and culture, civic affairs, education, and health & social services. projects that incorporate a root cause analysis are of special interest.






arts &
culture

supporting fields of theater and performing arts, visual arts, and music.






education

supporting public, charter and faith-based schools and programs.






civic
affairs

supporting strong communities and the economic empowerment of individuals.






health &
social services

supporting human needs and aspirations, to serve people of all ages.








our impact
since 1988, the nord family foundation has contributed more than $145 million to philanthropic and charitable endeavors that align with our mission, throughout lorain county and beyond.













faces of philanthropy
inquilinos boricuas en accion
iba’s resident services program (rsp) empowers residents of iba’s villa victoria affordable housing community by promoting the living of healthier, more active, and more fu...
read more view all









faces of philanthropy
edwins restaurant & leadership institute
edwins leadership & restaurant institute gives formerly incarcerated adults a foundation in the culinary and hospitality industry while providing a support network nece...
read more view all









faces of philanthropy
firelands association for the visual arts
founded in 1979, the firelands association for the visual arts is an independent, non-profit art organization in oberlin, ohio dedicated to enhancing public appreciation of...
read more view all











grantseekers
if your organization meets our eligibility requirements, we encourage you to apply for a grant. the board of trustees meets three times per year and all grants are approved or ratified during one of those meetings.



guidelines & eligibility
apply for a grant
grant reporting
grants awarded







virginia and walter nord



virginia and walter nord



eric and evan nord



joseph and mary ignat




our people
the nord family legacy
the nord family foundation is a successor to a charitable trust established in 1952 by the entrepreneur and industrialist w.g. nord. mr. nord and his family believed that it was both responsbile and prudent for a business to invest in the community it served.

family legacy














the nord family foundation


© the nord family foundation. all rights reserved.

privacy policy 
board portal
contact














