










waste management roll-offs – how to rent a dumpster




























waste management roll-offs
how to rent a dumpster



 




home
waste removal
pollution
 

 






latest posts




how to do a construction site waste management plan

andrew
april 16, 2024




the waste management plan is the document that structures all actions related to construction waste. by developing it before the site, it allows the project to properly prepare for the site monitoring phase. it brings together the waste inventory and the elements allowing their monitoring, procedures and explanatory sheets for workers as well as other useful documents.
what elements should be addressed in the design phase to limit construction waste in new york state
during the design phase, the project team makes strategic choices, making it possible to limit construction waste, on:

the constructive principles by favoring prefabrication, layout, mechanical assembly rather than glued
materials by favoring their reusable or recyclable aspects and to a lesser extent by favoring suppliers offering minimal soil pollution

the project can be advised for this by specialized design offices or consultants and use an integrated design process to involve and interact all project stakeholders on this subject. a life cycle cost analysis also makes it possible to compare the different conceptual options presented to the project. the decision to use an environmental coordinator during the construction phase is also defined in this phase.
the choices made are then transcribed into the requirements program.
what are the points covered in a waste management plan
the waste management plan must be established before the start of construction, by a local waste management company such as rochester dumpster rental team. it addresses the following points:

analysis of regulatory obligations
the environmental permit

an environmental permit must be obtained or an official declaration must be made before putting certain activities or equipment (classified installations) into operation.
some sites are classified installations, just like waste deposition, storage or treatment installations. specific procedures must be applied depending on the type of permit.
the rules regarding waste management:

establishment of a preliminary inventory of waste and materials intended for reuse, generated on site (demolition, new materials used, etc.)
identification of waste or materials according to eural codes
materials that can be reused (on site or on another site)
hazardous waste (asbestos, used oils, tl tubes, paint pots, treated wood, batteries, accumulators and transformers)
other waste to be sorted for recycling
estimated quantities (measurement)
production of a procedure to follow for hazardous waste
define the location of waste storage areas, in particular according to the sorting potential on site (number of containers / type of materials that can be recovered, etc.) and provide containers adapted to the type of waste to be recovered (size, tarpaulin , etc.)
production of explanatory sheets on the sorting of waste implemented on the site
establish a waste disposal schedule
contact resellers who may be interested in certain materials

who develops and enforces the waste management plan in rochester
during the preparation of the site and its completion, it is the environmental coordinator or a person from the project team taking over their functions, who ensures the development, then the implementation and monitoring of the waste management plan.
how should i manage my waste during construction
the management of waste and materials intended for reuse is made easier by the fact that this has been the subject of reflection during the design phase and that a waste management plan has been produced upstream of the construction site. the management of waste and materials intended for reuse during the construction site responds to the following elements:

sort on site: pmc, paper/cardboard, white and colored glass, plant waste, hazardous waste, including waste electrical and electronic equipment, batteries and used oils
construction or demolition waste can either be sorted on site or can be transported mixed to an authorized facility for the purpose of sorting it, in order to maximize the fraction of construction waste that can be recycled
keep a waste register or inventory based on the “preliminary inventory” established before construction

this inventory allows the prior and safe removal of hazardous materials and substances in order to maximize the recycling of waste (particularly inert waste), the traceability of hazardous and non-hazardous waste in previously defined recovery/disposal channels and the administrative monitoring of evacuated waste with collection of slips and treatment certificates to be compiled in the environmental coordinator’s logbook and kept for 5 years.
an exception can be made for the transport of one’s own waste to an accessory collection center or one weighing less than 500kg, it they check that no waste is burned/buried on site s well as check the cleanliness of the site. they must ensure the appropriate storage of waste that could cause pollution of the ground, subsoil and water as well as hazardous waste and properly dispose of effluents from mobile chemical sanitary installations (considered as waste) and under no circumstances discharge them into the sewer. last but not least they must communicate, raise awareness and train companies and workers working on site.



home improvement, waste removal


 

digging deeper: unraveling soil pollution diagnosis essentials

andrew
march 9, 2024




everything you need to know about soil pollution diagnosis
a soil pollution diagnosis is an environmental audit to be carried out before acceptance of an industrial site. this helps preserve the environment of georgia and the health of future occupants. discover the essentials to know about this process in this article.
what are the challenges of soil pollution diagnosis
in general, old deposits of polluting substances not properly handled by waste management services on a site contribute to soil pollution. by carrying out a soil pollution diagnosis, you can determine the level and state of pollution of the land. indeed, contaminated soil represents a serious health risk for the successors of the property concerned. in addition, the deterioration of water or air in the building comes in particular from polluted soils. carrying out this diagnosis is then necessary in the context of:

real estate purchase or sale
building project
operation of an industrial site
change of use of a site
cessation of activity, etc

various pollutants must be identified during soil diagnosis:

heavy metals: cadmium, copper, zinc, chromium, mercury, nickel, etc
hydrocarbons: tars, fuels, solvents, etc

how is the soil pollution diagnosis carried out
actions to take before diagnosis
before going to the field, the following parameters must be defined to successfully carry out the soil pollution diagnosis:

how to limit the financial and legal impacts of undiscovered pollution in the event of real estate purchase or sale
the measures to be put in place to prevent the discovery of soil pollution during construction work
how to establish the environmental state of the site’s environments in the event of cessation of activity
the means at your disposal to check the compatibility of the quantity of the basement with the use planned for the site

the initial diagnosis of soil pollution
as specified by waste experts at dumpster rental near me gainesville, the initial diagnosis of soil pollution consists of carrying out a preliminary in situ study of documents relating to the state of the soil. this aims in particular to analyze the geological and historical situation of the soil. this analysis is presented in the form of:

historical study
vulnerability study
documentary
memorial, etc

only an expert in waste management and environmental diagnosis can carry out this initial study to determine whether it is necessary to take samples.
initial and detailed investigations
several control and analysis operations are carried out during an initial and detailed investigation:

surveys
drilling
specimens
development of conceptual diagrams
definition of the issues to be protected
interpretation of the state of the environment
identification of risks
management implementation control
verification of files, easements, etc

characterization of soil quality
characterization of soil quality is initiated if it turns out that samples are required. to do this, core drilling 1 to 5 m deep is carried out. the nature of the activities initially carried out on the site is used as a benchmark to determine the components to look for. the environmental diagnosis expert will then interpret the analysis results of the samples one week after sending the report.
once soil pollution management measures have been taken, the successor receives an attes certificate.
who is affected by the soil pollution diagnosis
icpe (installation classified for environmental protection) and owners of property located in a sis (soil information sector) are obliged to use a soil pollution diagnosis. if pollutants have been detected after detailed investigations, the operator must take charge of restoring the land. moreover, the successor’s notary may require this diagnosis to be carried out if the interested party has any doubts about the condition of the soil.



pollution, waste removal


 

ultimate waste management in greer, sc

andrew
september 18, 2021




ultimate waste
the traditional notion of waste according to the federal law is supplemented by that of ultimate waste.
ultimate waste is resulting or not from the treatment of waste, which is not more likely to be processed under the technical and economic conditions of the moment, in particular by extracting the recoverable part or by reducing its polluting or dangerous nature.
the circular from the ministry of regional planning and environment of considers that the ultimate waste that can be landfilled beyond july 2020 is defined as the non-recoverable fraction of the waste and not as the only residue from incineration. however, two conditions must be met beforehand:

the discharge will comply with the provisions of the ministerial decree relating to the storage of household and similar waste;
the landfill will not receive raw waste, that is to say non-waste from separate collections and not having undergone any sorting process for extract :
– materials for recycling, such as glass, paper and cardboard, plastic,
– their fermentable or biodegradable fraction for treatment organic (composting, anaerobic digestion) or agricultural spreading,
– used products subject to dedicated disposal, such as end-of-life vehicles, used oil, clothing …

this text thus made it possible to remove an ambiguity concerning the ultimate waste left by the law of 1992. indeed, this one defined this “waste of waste” only as that which can no longer technically or economically to be valued or treated to limit the polluting potential. 
the circular has furthermore, it is possible to recall that the restriction on storage enshrined in law, namely “from 1 july
2002, waste disposal facilities will only be authorized to receive ultimate waste ”, does not mean the disappearance of landfills. in 2002, their number will have fallen sharply, they will be more regulated, but under the name of technical landfill center”. 
absorption of raw landfills in greer
the circular from the ministry of regional planning and the environment provides that the general council of south carolina will monitor the progress of the elimination of illegal dumps every year, thus updating the inventory carried out in 2015.
the law of july 13, 1992, which seeks to enhance and treat as much as possible waste and reserves landfills for ultimate waste using a dumpster rental near me, is a homogeneous policy which applies to heterogeneous municipalities with their own geographic, economic and social characteristics. 
thus, even if the notion of local specificities is taken into account in departmental plans for the elimination of household and similar waste made compulsory by federal law, this waste management policy, in the context of greer, is faced with constraints linked to local specificities which aggravate the problem of household waste disposal. 
thus it is necessary to identify the factors binding which make it difficult to fully comply with state law in sc.
all these measures taken, namely circular, plan, law and decree have in the end the same pretensions aimed at dictating priorities, guiding and coordinating community actions. a new method of treating household waste is provided for in the plans and each county must, in order to comply with the federal regulations, comply with them.
thus, the management of household waste in greer is part of a strict legal framework to which communities have to face it.



waste removal


 

natural stone cleaning and restoration

andrew
september 21, 2020




natural stone is the first choice for new construction and remodeling alike among those who want their floors, walls, and countertops to be unique and long lasting. the use of natural stone has been a popular home investment for many years thanks to its durability and beauty.
still, even the best materials in the world get dirty and natural stone cleaning and restoration can be made to look like new again by a qualified restoration specialist. this is true even of natural stone surfaces that have endured years of traffic wear and chemical damage.
tough, beautiful, and fragile stone
consider the ever-popular marble. it can withstand the sands of time, but it won’t remain attractive if certain elements are allowed to come into contact with its surface. wear from traffic and damage caused by certain chemicals can result in scratches that require a very specific process of removal by a skilled and experienced specialist.
natural stone floors take a beating near exterior doors. dirt and grit that enter from the outside grind into surfaces and show wear within a short time if proper safeguards aren’t taken. grit on the soles of shoes takes a minimum of eight steps to rub off on the floor. throw rugs with non-slip bottoms are needed at all exterior doors.
vacuum cleaners are no friend to natural stone floors, especially if the wheels do not turn easily. dragging a vacuum around the room can leave scratches in the finish, which will be very noticeable in reflected light. it is much safer to use a dust mop whenever possible to avoid damaging contact produced by some vacuuming equipment.
the process of natural stone cleaning and restoration
how a specialist goes about restoring natural stone has much to do with how extensive the damage is. grinding with smooth abrasive pads is usually the method used for deep scratches, while honing will work where there are only minor scratches and minimal traffic damage.
once scratches are removed, surfaces like terrazzo, granite, marble, epoxy flooring, and travertine are then polished to a luxurious shine. the polishing process is very exacting which is why best results are achieved by having a hard surface specialist do the work.
other flooring techniques can make the cleaning much easier, such as epoxy floors, particularly well known for their ease of cleaning.
tips for cleaning stone surfaces
natural stone cleaning and restoration is a necessary part of maintaining these surfaces properly. once the natural stone surface has been restored, routine maintenance is essential. ph neutral stone cleaners are recommended rather than general use products so that that the seal and the surface will last longer.
it takes some expertise and specialized equipment and materials for natural stone cleaning and restoration, which is why a natural stone specialist is your best bet. natural stone is an expensive investment, so taking proper care of it is important. 
attempting to clean and restore natural stone can do as much as, if not more, damage than wear and tear and chemical damage if the restoration isn’t done properly. it is best to consult a professional to avoid any irreparable damage to your valuable investment.
want your natural stone to look brand new again? 
let knowledgeable and skilled staff make your stone look amazing again. 



home improvement


 

the importance of using a good waste and recycling management firm

andrew
july 19, 2020



so, why is it important for companies to use a good 3rd party waste & recycling management firm? 
it makes all the difference in the world in your experience and the actual results that are produced. this is the area that most companies are clueless about. 
choose a good waste management company
for example, some companies have used a so-called 3rd party waste & recycling management firm in the past and had a bad experience for any number of reasons. to them, this means that all waste management firms are bad. 
if we follow that logic then if you go to a restaurant and the food is bad, the service is terrible, you were overcharged, etc., then all restaurants must be bad? 
the expertise, processes, resources, attitude, etc., of the management firm makes a huge difference and varies greatly from one firm to the next. this is why so many companies are weary of doing business with them.
waste & recycling firms began to rise in popularity in the late 1980’s and early 1990’s. these companies were called waste brokers, a term still used today. the original concept was simply aggregating the number of locations that they would negotiate trash service for, and using that buying volume/leverage to gain more aggressive rates from the trash haulers. 
there are still companies today that only perform this function for their customers. as the recycling boom kicked into high gear, some of these companies saw the writing on the wall and began to diversify into brokering recycling services as well. 
as we reached the 21st century, the incredible diversity of recycling, non-uniformity of programs (recycling availability varies greatly by region of the country), and the pressure on companies to seriously monitor and improve their corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability, etc., caused companies to require significantly more expertise from a 3rd party management standpoint. 
dumpster rentals to the rescue
some waste brokers did not want to invest in the resources and expertise to become a waste & recycling management firm. other waste brokers like myrtle beach dumpster rental services took on the task in a makeshift way to just get by and somewhat appease their customers. 
this poor effort is the cause of a bulk of the bad experience mentioned above. poor program management, invoice issues, haulers not being paid, poor customer service, etc. put a very bad taste in the mouth of many companies in need of waste management services. 
on the other hand, some waste brokers and dumpster rental companies worked hand-in-hand with their customers to grow their company’s expertise, resources, back-end systems, etc., to continue to meet or even exceed their customer’s expectations. 
for example, they may have had several fortune 500 customers who were early adopters of corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability. they chose to continually reinvest in what those customers needed to have an outstanding waste & recycling program.
you would think that today it is easy for companies to identify a good waste & dumpster rental firm, right? wrong! 
the reasons can be subtle and difficult to spot if you do not know what you are looking for. one of the most subtle reasons is a company’s familiarity with the waste management firm they have been using. 
the term “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it” can be very costly. many companies have been cruising along with their current waste management firm with seemingly minimal issues. there may be the occasional billing issue, service issue that lingers, and maybe even a stop-service issue occasionally (a hauler is not paid and they stop their service at a location). 
this reminds us of the story of the old hound dog lying on the porch. a neighbor was over to visit and heard the dog howling in pain every few minutes. he finally ask the dog’s owner what was wrong with his dog. the owner said, “ain’t nothing wrong with him, he’s just lying on a nail and it doesn’t hurt him bad enough yet to get up.” 
the bad news is a lot of companies allow a lot of damage to occur before ever doing anything about it. what kind of damage? 
in today’s environment, if your waste & recycling program is not moving forward on a consistent basis, you are going backward. there is too much pressure being applied in this area by environmental groups, regulatory groups, communities, shareholders, stakeholders, employees, etc., to have a stagnant program. 
the danger is a management firm who is not driving the program forward. they are not driving additional savings, additional recycling projects, auditing cost and performance monthly, pushing for better environmental sustainability performance. 
that kind of waste management firm may be depending on its past performance, or the fact that the nail doesn’t hurt you bad enough yet to consider making a change. 
the real danger here is not if but when waste & recycling shows up on the company’s radar due to bad press created by an environmental group, or by a regulatory group due to a non-compliance issue, or communities or investors wanting to see the company’s corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability’s performance historical-to-date as well as a game plan for the next decade, prior to providing land, tax breaks, or funding for the company to expand. 
this is a very easy trap to fall into. don’t allow yourself to be a victim. you need to find a good waste & recycling management firm to get your junk removal tasks handled properly. 



waste removal


 

waste management in florida

andrew
february 2, 2020



the florida department of environmental protection is the state’s lead agency for environmental management and stewardship, protecting our air, water and land. the vision of the florida department of environmental protection is to create strong community partnerships, safeguard florida’s natural resources and enhance its ecosystems.
waste management companies provide trash service weekly on tuesday and friday, with container set out instructions. residents must place their cart at the curb with wheels against the curb by 6 a.m. on collection days and remove it the same day. they need to keep the cart at least four feet from parked cars, mailboxes and other obstacles that may prevent waste management team members from picking it up.
in 1985, florida received authorization from the u.s. environmental protection agency to administer its own hazardous waste management and regulatory program under the resource conservation and recovery act (rcra) of 1976. the florida state university waste management department provides the campus with efficient and effective services, especially the diversion of materials from the landfill when possible. they manage recycling and waste disposal locations throughout the campus, manage all university disposition processes, and provide excellent customer service to everyone.
14,099 waste management jobs are available in florida. you can apply as truck driver, customer service representative, operator and more waste management jobs if you seek employment in florida. panama city dumpster rentals is one of the services for junk removal companies are looking to enlarge their sales force for, due to rising demand for junk disposal services in north florida.
the waste management hiring process is pretty straightforward. it starts by submitting an application, which is then reviewed by the hr department. if they like what they see, they’ll schedule an interview, which may take place over the phone or in person. you may have one or two interviews. what is the interview process like for waste management jobs? they may ask you 6 questions like “how would you react to a customer being unsatisfied or having a complaint, and have you ever dealt with an unhappy customer before”, and other situational questions like that. normally there are 2 people at the interview, one manager and one union manager.
the waste management industry grew to be one of north america’s top environmental services services by delivering one thing, without fail, every day-reliable service. one company providing dumpster rental in orlando has seen significant growth in the past few years. they have the specialized people, processes and technologies to back that promise, and the environments expertise it takes to keep your business safe, green and compliant.
in broward county, waste management’s reuter recycling center in pembroke pines provides recycling services to municipal, residential and business customers in south florida. reuter recycling is a 100,000 square-foot single-stream recycling facility, the largest in the southeastern united states with the capability to process mixed recyclables.
the mission of solid waste management is to provide for cost-efficient and environmentally proper collection, transportation, and disposition of solid waste generated in the county, excluding the city of key west and the village of islamorada, as defined by various statutes, ordinances, and agreements.
waste management companies are the leading provider of waste and environmental services in north america. these companies tailor their services to meet the needs of each customer group and to ensure consistent, superior service at the local level. the 1993 florida legislature provided funding for the biomedical waste program from the solid waste management trust fund. additional funding is provided through the annual registration of biomedical waste transporters and the annual permitting of storage and treatment facilities plus those generating facilities that produce at least 25 pounds of biomedical waste in any 30-day.
the solid waste authority of palm beach county (swa) is the governmental agency responsible for providing solid waste management system for palm beach county, florida. the swa provides solid waste disposal and recycling services and programs to the county.



waste removal


 

waste management in wilmington

andrew
august 11, 2019




climate change is one of the major environmental challenges of our time. rightly, the promotion of a sustainable environment is a priority in the millennium development goals, through the integration of environmental concerns and sustainable development mechanisms into policies at the global level, both national and local.
the term sustainable development comes from the english and is now commonly used all over the world. appeared in 1980 and highlighted in the 1987 brundtland report, it is defined as development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. 
this notion was consecrated at the rio earth summit and today is a doctrine aimed at reconciling two antagonistic and necessary aspirations: the equitable development of societies and the preservation of the environment. according to ipcc assessments, climate change is occurring, and is caused by a significant anthropogenic rise in greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere, in addition to other natural factors. 
these greenhouse gases prevent the infrared radiation emitted by the earth from escaping normally to the atmosphere and cause global warming. there is no doubt that the recent increase in the release of these gases in the atmosphere is the result of human acivity. factory emissions, polllution, fossil fuel burning, deforestation are some of the reasons such situation is developing in our world. our landfills are reaching full capacity as we produce too much as a society, and waste too much. 
on a global scale, climate change is accompanied by a series of environmental crises due to changes in weather patterns, the consequences of which include heatwaves, droughts, increased frequency and force of cyclone activity, extreme weather events such as wind and precipitation, sea level rise, and floods.
north carolina landfills
a landfill is a site for the disposal of waste materials by burial and is the oldest form of waste treatment. unfortunately all the waste materials generated in nc have to end up somewhere, and landfills are still the number one choice. historically, landfills have been the most common method of organized waste disposal and remain so in many places around the world.
at present, north carolina has no commercial landfills that accept hazardous waste. however, the state’s hazardous waste program retains hazardous waste landfill regulations that are more stringent than the federal requirements. private landfills in north carolina are committed to reducing solid waste through various initiatives, including recycling, which implementation is decided at the local level. 
some landfills only allow land clearing and inert debris such as the landfill in burlington nc. the materials not allowed or accepted inclide no household trash, no furniture, no appliances or any plastic, and no construction trash, treated, painted or creosote lumber railroad ties or tires, no ground or chipped brush or wood. all this to help the facility works best for its junk disposal duties.
across north carolina, we are seeing the proliferation of landfill gas production — benefiting industry, consumers, and taxpayers, while helping provide a cleaner and more self-sufficient energy future. there are five landfills in the auckland region: they are rosedale road landfill, greenmount landfill, redvale landfill, whitford landfill and hunua gorge landfill. 
if you have a lot of rubbish at home or at your office, you can hire nc dumpster rentals for the task of disposing of your unwanted waste materials. once the container is at your location, you can just fill it with all your junk and refuse, and the haulers will take it away to the landfill as soon as you call them.
buncombe county is the latest to broadcast its plans to utilize a landfill site for purposes of a solar energy farm. to lessen the economic impact of such a project, the county says that, although it will make an initial investment of $26,000.00 for engineering and feasibility studies, the plan will save a lot of money to all residents and reduce the waste as well.



waste removal


 

junk pollution in upstate new york

andrew
may 13, 2019




both new york city and new york state are gorgeous places to visit or to live in, but with the highest population concentration in the usa, related pollution is obviously a big risk in this area. this is why it is crucial that the government does a great job at reducing it via waste management, recycling and other measures. 
chemical and pollution control is at the core of the new york state department of environmental conservation’s (dec) mission, to protect new york’s natural resources and our environment. through the promotion of environmentally sound use of products, including chemicals and pesticides the environmental can be better protected.
dec is the state agency that carries out both the state and federal air pollution control and monitoring programs. their website includes detailed information about how new york state controls air pollution, offering data gathered by the air program and information about the sources and effects of air pollution.
the new york state department of environmental conservation recently signed a finalized regulation that will fully eliminate coal in new york by 2020. this regulation, years in the making and overwhelmingly supported by the public, is the first of its kind in the nation.
as far as global warming is concerned, the new york city area and lower portions of the hudson valley have much more sultry and tropical summers with frequent bouts of hot temperatures and high dew points. the remainder of new york state enjoys modestly warm summers. summer temperatures usually range from the upper 70s to mid 80s °f (25 to 30 °c), over much of the state.
despite significant improvements over the last decade, air pollution in new york city is still a significant environmental threat. improving the city’s air quality is a difficult task because there are many types of air pollutants that can come from millions of sources, inside and outside city boundaries.
for cars and light trucks, the new york state vehicle safety inspection program helps make sure every vehicle registered in this state meets the minimum standards for safe operation on public streets and highways. in addition, most vehicles are subject to an emissions inspection to help reduce air pollution.
like most areas of the united states, the source waters of the new york city supply are affected, to varying degrees, by a range of pollutants. this means water quality constituents are of primary concern in the new york city drinking water, with elements such as supply—microbial pathogens, nitrogen or phosphorus.
quantifying microplastic pollution in the mohawk river, eastern new york state is another way to look at the pollution problem, where microplastic particles are reaching the mohawk river in upstate new york. microplastics are commonly see in oceans, but now there are more and more often observed upstream in rivers.
for at least the past 50 years, road salt on highways has been polluting waters of upstate new york, leading to high concentrations of chloride in rivers that can affect the local nature.
hoosick falls is a village of approximately 3,500 people in central upstate new york. the surrounding area was once home to a number of manufacturing plants, a few of which still remain. some of those facilities utilized pfoa in their manufacturing processes and this kept on adding to the pollution problem.
up north in the state of new york there is the beautiful city of buffalo. the residents there are extremely lucky that this town stands next to lake erie. this huge mass of fresh water guarantees that nature is preserved there to a large extent. the local residents are very environmentally conscious and they will regularly use one of the buffalo roll-off rentals companies to remove any junk or waste materials from their premisses. so that all houses and small businesses are kept clean and tidy.
nestled in the adirondack mountains of upstate new york, mirror lake is in the center of the village of lake placid, home of the 1932 and 1980 winter olympics. the total area of the village is just one and a half square miles, of which almost 10% is water, making mirror lake a year-round tourist destination and a recreation lovers’ mecca for nature lovers. but this will last as long as pollution is kept at bay.
pollution in upstate new york, and the ongoing struggle to balance human health, ecological well-being, business needs and public expectations, serves as a classic case study of the social, economic and political challenges of dealing with toxic materials in our shared environment.



pollution


 

charleston, sc dumpter rentals

andrew
april 14, 2019




welcome to the engaged community of chrleston in south carolina. there is no better way to personalize your travel experience than to visit us. with a great profile you can create a great experience for a unique starting point for the tasks and transactions that you want to complete in your time on this website.
charleston, sc has such a low supply of homes for sale right now it is a pity, so new construction is a good route to consider for the future. whether you are looking for a newly finished move-in ready home, a site that is already under construction with 2-4 months still to go, or a proposed construction home with a 5 month plus build time, we can talk about it and see what is best for you.
you can discover new construction homes or master planned communities in charleston sc. check out some great floor plans, pictures and videos for these new homes, and then get in touch with the home builders in this great local community of south carolina.
the government is responsible for issuing all permits related to construction of commercial and residential projects within the city of charleston. through their plan review and field inspection services, they will verify code compliance with south carolina and the city of charleston building codes and ordinances.
having worked in the carolinas for over 25 years, some construction management team offer a diversified portfolio of projects including over 48 million sf of highly complex industrial projects like clemson university’s wind turbine drivetrain test facility in north charleston.
they are in the business of building with a purpose, and that purpose is to serve their clients, our beayutiful environment and our industry. based in charleston, south carolina, they have built a great name on the commitment and excellence of sixty years in the commercial construction business.
edan construction, llc is a full-service unlimited general contracting and construction management firm headquartered in charleston, south carolina. redan provides a superior building experience by partnering with great clients, architects, engineers, and subcontractors.
the environmental management department manages the disposal of solid waste for the county in compliance with the s.c. solid waste policy and management act of 1991 and the county of charleston’s solid waste management plan.
based in charleston (sc), dumpster rental hq, charleston, sc is a full service commercial and industrial waste management and roll-off rental firm supporting clients across the carolinas in an array of industries. from strategy and logistics to recycling and junk removal, they exist to help you achieve your sustainability goals. their approach is green, simple and effective.
get help finding ways to reduce waste and recycle. the waste management bureau of land and waste management protecting group focuses on human health and the environment by assuring compliance with environmental laws and helping others keep south carolina’s environment clean. the best charleston sc dumpster rental service provider is the junk removal company that has the local sc experience, the deep concern about the environment and the recycling processes in place to conduct an efficient job.
hazardous waste disposal charleston, sc is the east coast leader in operating full-time, permanent collection centers for municipalities and government agencies. they are also one of charleston’s leading industrial hazardous waste management, disposal, and transportation service providers.
carolina needs a competent waste management solution. whether you are an individual, a business or a municipality, such products and services will meet your needs. check out online menus for details on these services and guides to related products or simply give a call so that a waste junk removal specialist can recommend a solution tailored for you!



waste removal


 

how to sort your junk for waste disposal

andrew
january 21, 2019



we should not throw our junk anywhere and anyhow. it is essential to sort them to avoid polluting the environment. discover one of the key principles of eco-friendly behaviors.
why sorting the waste?
selective sorting makes it possible to better manage rejected materials. thus, recoverable waste is recycled to save raw materials and preserve nature. waste sorting is carried out according to the family of materials, which are listed below: metals, plastic, paper, wood, organic waste, glass, textiles, furniture, building waste, electronics, hazardous waste and various substances.
how to sort the waste?
to carry out selective sorting, it is necessary to group the families of waste and discard them together as follows:

paper and packaging
bottles and plastic bottles
household garbage (including cardboard and wet or oily paper)

in the office, know that it is mandatory to sort the papers at the source and organize a collection of other waste if there is no on-site treatment system.
what bins to use for what materials?
at home, the waste should be thrown in garbage cans of different colors:

the yellow bin is intended for plastic (bottles, flasks and cans), milk bottles, cardboard boxes, tin cans, cans, hair lacquers and deodorants
the green bin receives bottles of fruit juice, soups, wine and beer. it also includes greasy paper and oil bottles
the blue trash is reserved for magazines and newspapers
the garbage bin (with a burgundy or brown lid) is intended for leftover meals, baby diapers, yoghurt pots and non-recyclable products

if in doubt, it is recommended to dispose of garbage in the household waste bin.
your house is filled with useless objects? it’s time to get rid of your bulky items.
many houses are cluttered with objects that no longer serve a purpose. the cupboards are packed, but we do not know what to put in the morning. there is no more room in the attic or the garage, but we do not decide to throw anything. to help you get on track and keep only the items that are useful to you, we give you some tips.
to find out if you should keep or throw an object, ask yourself the right questions: has it served me for the last 6 months? will i really use it if i keep it or will i still leave it in the attic?
call some associations
often, it is difficult to separate from the business that clutters us because they are still in very good condition. so we just do not want to throw them in the trash. the solution is to give them to associations providing waste management services. just surf the net to find many associations that retrieve objects that are no longer used by people. it is not necessary to separate from many things at one time. you will feel better if you do it regularly and little by little. many municipalities organize regular collections, do not hesitate to attend each event.



waste removal


 

post navigation


1
2
next → 




 






recent posts


how to do a construction site waste management plan


digging deeper: unraveling soil pollution diagnosis essentials


ultimate waste management in greer, sc


natural stone cleaning and restoration


the importance of using a good waste and recycling management firm


 categories

home improvement

pollution

waste removal


 
 
 

 
 






