



home - brunswick electric membership corporation



























































report outage
outage map
pay bill/smarthub
careers
 













my member services

my member services
my account

monitor my account
pay my bill/smarthub
payment & billing options
name change & transfer service
go paperless


residential resources & tools

smarthub
storm checklist
new member handbook
meeting room
residential rates
understanding my bill
temporary service request
underground service request
vegetation management


outage center

report a power outage
outage map
outdoor light repair
restoring your power


commercial resources & tools

temporary service request
underground service request
commercial rates




my energy solutions

my energy solutions
programs & services

beat the peak
weatherization loans
connect my thermostat
time-of-use
electric vehicles
community solar
solar


energy tips & tools

how to lower my bill
energy saving tutorials




my community

my community
grants & scholarships

bright ideas education grants
community grants
electric cooperative youth tour
scholarship highway
sports camp scholarships
warm homes, warm hearts


education resources

electrical safety




my cooperative

my cooperative
about us

leadership
bemc membership
our affiliations
history
careers
board of directors
cooperative principles
economic development
capital credits
brighter future


news & events

bemc bids
annual meeting 2024
auction
media
press releases
carolina country newsletter


publications & reports

purpa
form 990 (accessible through smarthub)
bemc bylaws (accessible through smarthub)
bemc service rules & regulations (accessible through smarthub)
bemc board meeting minutes (accessible through smarthub)
annual report & financial information




contact
 






























powering a brighter future
reliable, affordable, sustainable energy.
start new service










member services
everything you need to manage your energy usage








pay bill/smarthub
make a payment simply at your convenience using our secure smarthub gateway.
pay now






report outages
when your power is out, we are here for you. we respond quickly to restore service as soon as possible.
report outage






outdoor light repair
click here and complete the form to keep us informed of any potential outdoor lighting issues in your area.
outdoor light repair






start a new service
moving to our service area? get personalized service from an electric cooperative that you can trust.
get started











about your cooperative
we’re committed to powering our community and empowering our members.
electric co-ops like brunswick electric membership corporation are locally owned by our members. so, to us, you are more than a customer. at bemc, our goal is to provide our members with safe, reliable, affordable power at the lowest possible cost consistent with a sound economy and good management. we act like your neighbor because we are neighbors—we are a community!

see our principles





connect to save 
experience advanced energy-saving technology
with our connect to save thermostat programs, we work together to reduce energy use on the hottest and coldest days of the year to save you money and help keep rates affordable for everyone.

learn more















a brighter future
clean energy options for our members
interested in going green without the hassle and expense of installing your own solar panels? bemc’s community solar program might be the option for you. participants in the program can lease a panel from one of two community solar farms in bemc’s service territory. contact us to find out more.

discover eco-friendly energy



renewable energy programs & initiatives
community solar program
solar program
connect to save 
ev charging stations
nc greenpower
evolving the grid together





our community
there’s nothing more important to us than supporting the communities we serve.
this is why we work with other local and state organizations to promote community and economic development. from a utility assistance program, education grants, and scholarships to community grants for non-profits, we are doing our part to improve our members’ quality of life and make a long lasting and positive impact on our communities.

view our community programs









your co-op at a glance



we place a priority on high-quality customer service, and our expert technicians are always ready when the power goes out. our goal is to provide the most reliable electric service at the lowest possible cost to you.









85,000
members

4
counties served

7,003
miles of line

about our cooperative





featured news & events
the latest community news, events, and press from your local energy cooperative.

view all press




bemc prepared for remaining impacts of hurricane ian, closing offices to members on friday, september 30

sep 29, 2022 | uncategorizedbemc prepared for remaining impacts of hurricane ian, closing offices to members on friday, september 30 supply, n.c. (september 29, 2022) – the brunswick electric membership corporation (bemc) team is tracking the path of hurricane ian as it makes its way up the...
read more



brunswick electric annual auction returns to benefit community grants program

sep 08, 2022 | uncategorizedbrunswick electric annual auction returns to benefit community grants program supply, n.c. (august 31, 2022) – it’s back. brunswick electric is hosting its annual auction to raise funds for the community grants program. from tuesday, september 6 at 8:00 a.m. through...
read more



bemc’s bright ideas education grants early bird deadline is august 15

jul 20, 2022 | uncategorizedbemc’s bright ideas education grants early bird deadline is august 15 supply, n.c. (july 20, 2022​) — bemc has been providing grants of up to $2,000 each year to local educators looking to bring creative learning classroom projects to life, and the deadline for this...
read more



bemc continues preparations for hurricane season, runs tabletop exercise

jun 15, 2022 | uncategorizedbemc continues preparations for hurricane season, runs tabletop exercise supply, n.c. (june 14, 2022) — this afternoon, brunswick electric membership corporation (bemc) completed its annual hurricane tabletop exercise to simulate its response to severe weather. during...
read more



grants available for teachers with ‘bright ideas’ through bemc

mar 30, 2022 | uncategorizedgrants available for teachers with ‘bright ideas’ through bemc supply, n.c. (march 30, 2022) ​ – starting april 1, teachers can apply for bright ideas education grants from brunswick electric membership corporation. the electric cooperative is providing grants of up...
read more



bemc to add utility-scale battery energy storage to local grid

jan 07, 2022 | uncategorizedbemc to add utility-scale battery energy storage to local grid supply, n.c. (january 7, 2022) – brunswick electric membership corporation (bemc) today announces the planned installation of cutting-edge battery energy storage technology in bolivia. the battery project...
read more





 













need assistance with your account?
contact us






support
customer service

800-842-5871
							mon-fri. 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
						
24/7 bill pay

866-934-6830
report outages

800-682-5309



locations
bemc headquarters

							795 ocean hwy w (hwy17)
							supply, nc 28462
910-754-4391



whiteville district office

							2228 new britton hwy e (hwy 130)
							whiteville, nc 28472
910-642-5011



southport & oak island district office

							4335 southport-supply rd (hwy 211)
							southport, nc 28461
910-457-9808







© 2025. brunswick electric membership corporation. all rights reserved.
privacy policy terms

site design & hosting by sage island




facebook
vimeo







the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility. 















 







