
















home



















































              
city limits realtyplease refer to our facebook pagefor more activity and engagement!



   




   
    home



  gallery



  contact



  forms



  partner referrals











    
 





      


   
01
 
what we do...... we assist with the purchase and sale of residential real estate we buy and sell homes
we assist with the lease of commercial office space
we are notary signing agents
we are a notary public



  
 
buy join the hundreds of clients we have already helped to realize their dreams of owning the perfect home. our experienced agents work hard to create an enjoyable buying experience, ensuring everything goes as smoothly and stress-free as possible.   

view details




   



   

sell over the years, our extensive knowledge of the real estate industry has helped us to successfully sell the homes of hundreds of clients. we work hard to generate maximum exposure for all our listed properties.   

view details


 



   


 
  

learn more


 



   
02
 
who we are benefit from the expertise of our experienced team.


   with extensive knowledge of the real estate industry, we are dedicated to helping clients successfully buy, rent and sell their properties. our experienced agents are passionate about finding dream homes for families and individuals across the dfw metroplex.
 trust in our know-how when selling your home.  we ensure that it is listed at the right price by analyzing the current real estate market. read more


   



   
03
 
our property listings take a look at our properties available for sale or rent.


   just listed give yourself the edge and view our properties that have only been listed within the last few days. view properties
 new home developments here is a selection of our newly-developed luxury condominium buildings, all in prime locations. view properties
 open houses why not come and visit one of these properties? see for yourself whether it's the right home for you. view properties






      follow us social media pages currently under construction
 
quick links  quick link two quick link three
 



   




   
phone:    469-222-5304 email:     citylimitsrealtydfw@gmail.com

 copyright © all rights reserved.



    created with





















































































  
  share by:










