


the breast views




















    
	the breast views
	
  
daily news, education and alternative views of the wonderful world of breasts. supporting breast cancer prevention and breast health education.











monday, august 23, 2010




	 the breast views blog: guelph  topless festival gaining support
	 



i'm still the local go to girl for all things boobish. guelphmercury.com - local - guelph topless festival gaining support

when it comes to controlling your menopause symptoms visit our menopause and you blog today!








posted by sue richards at 8:46 pm
2 
your brilliant comments







monday, june 01, 2009



	 
	 the breast views blog: harry helps sue
	 
    


  harry helps sue, originally uploaded by sue richards. 	tickets available at helping friends.








posted by sue richards at 10:24 am
0 
your brilliant comments







wednesday, september 05, 2007



	 
	 the breast views blog: plug pulled on fundraiser
	 
    


                  august 17, 2007  thana dharmarajah mercury staff  guelph in the place where there was once a breast of canada calendar hanging in thousands of women’s homes, this january there will be an empty wall. six years and countless late nights later, guelph artist sue richards has pulled the plug on the calendar, which won’t have a 2008 edition. featuring photographs of topless women, the calendar, which initially created controversy, is now recognized as a powerful education tool for breast health. richards’ deteriorating health is the driving force behind her decision to halt the calendar. she’s been diagnosed with a neurological disorder with symptoms similar to parkinson’s disease, she said. since 2002, richards has had a slight tremor in the left side of her body. the tremor has worsened to the point where she has no fine motor skills in her left hand, she said. typing, walking and driving has become extremely difficult for richards. “it made doing the calendar completely impossible because each calendar takes a 10-month commitment,” richards said. the physical work involved with the annual september shipment — lugging nearly 3,000 calendars to the post office — was unimaginable for her this year. richards halted the project in may, soon after her neighbours forced her to see her doctor. “i was in denial because it’s scary,” she said. by this time, photographer melanie gillis had shot the 2008 calendar’s cover shot and richards had begun to receive photograph submissions for the inside pages. however, she hadn’t begun production or funneled any dollars into the calendar. in june, richards was temporarily out of her home for several weeks. three squirrels had invaded, bringing fleas with them. she also had her basement gutted to remove black mould. it was clear the calendar wasn’t happening. several people volunteered to put the calendar together for her, but richards said it would no longer be “a piece of my art.” gareth lind, the calendar’s designer, said it’s a personal project for richards — one that she’s pulled off tastefully. lind, who has become a friend, said the breast calendar has focused on prevention, unlike many other organizations that focused on curing breast cancer. “it’s unfortunate that sue had to take time out but it’s important for her to take it,” he said. gillis said the calendar created an awareness of breast health and made more women comfortable with their breasts. “there are a lot of women out there who get dressed in the dark and get undressed in the dark,” she said. “it’s not a matter of vanity, but a matter of health to be able to look in the mirror, touch your body and see how it’s doing.” “it’ll definitely leave a hole because there’s nothing similar,” said vanessa turke, a member of the canadian breast cancer network’s board of directors. “she just came up with something amazing.” the canadian breast cancer network received a share of the proceeds from richards’ sales — more than 2,700 copies of the 2007 calendar sold, with orders still coming. last year, the canadian breast cancer network received about $2,000. richards has advised people of her illness on the breast of canada calendar website at breastofcanada.com. so far, she’s gotten responses filled with sadness, alarm, compassion and prayer. she’s even received financial assistance from friends and community members to keep her afloat. richards is uncertain what the future holds for herself and for the breast of canada calendar. at this point, she said she’s not ready to decide whether there’ll be a calendar in 2009 or 2010. “should life reshuffle the deck and deal a more pleasing hand, there may be a rebirth,” richards wrote on her calendar girl blog. “until such luck is experienced, calendar girl wishes you and yours breast health.”-30-blog guelph - the photo blog with attitude - would be pleased to have you click by for a visit on your coffee break.








posted by sue richards at 11:19 am
3 
your brilliant comments







tuesday, march 20, 2007



	 
	 the breast views blog: breast of canada 2008
	 
    


photo credit: melanie gillis.cover of the 7th annual breast of canada calendar ~ 2008.sue richardstags: the breast views blog, breast views blog, breastfeeding, breast of canada calendar, breast cancer awareness, womens health, breast blog, breast cancer risks,guelph.labels: breast health, breast photography








posted by sue richards at 10:33 am
1 
your brilliant comments










	 
	 the breast views blog: breast implants for completion?
	 
    


here we have a women with naturally large breasts claiming that some days she feels like a "walking pair of tits" versus another women about to have breast implant surgery claiming i "feel unfeminine and incomplete".no thanks for the mammariestags: the breast views blog, breast views blog, breastfeeding, breast of canada calendar, breast cancer awareness, womens health, breast blog, breast cancer risks,guelph.labels: breast augmentation, breast implants








posted by sue richards at 8:33 am
2 
your brilliant comments












about me

name:  sue richards 
location:  canada 
founder of blog guelph.

social entrepreneur, blogger, art jammer and breast of canada calendar publisher and currently recovering from parkinson's disease.

friends have set up this site to help me out. 
www.helpingfriends.ca


a couple of my other sites: www.mymenopauseblog.com
www.artjam.org

we accept advertising.
view my complete profile

your breast owners manual
please buy two beautiful
breast of canada calendars. 
just click on the image.



promoting women's health and breast health education






dates to celebrate
dead bra day
orangeness day
breast of canada sponsors
canadian breast cancer network
sentex communications
ottawa folklore centre
topfree equal rights association
sleeman brewery
barking dog studios
vinyl tangerine
federation of canadian naturists
global currency services
thank you for supporting women's health, breast cancer prevention and breast health education

my other web sites
art jam
breast of canada

other blogs i write
calendar girl blog
my menopause blog
blog guelph

the breast views library
older breast posts

the breast views blog: guelph  topless festival ga...
the breast views blog: harry helps sue
the breast views blog: plug pulled on fundraiser
the breast views blog: breast of canada 2008
the breast views blog: breast implants for complet...
the breast views blog: the century project
the breast views blog: breast cancer in men
the breast views blog: canadian breast exam ad
the breast views blog: study finds lifelong exerci...
the breast views blog: run, walk, & roll for cance...

vintage breasts posts

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
september 2007
june 2009
august 2010





click here to join

 
blogsbycity directory


atom feed






 












hit counter


