





















environment.fi helps you to make environmentally sustainable decisions | environment













    skip to main content
  













      ymparisto.fi – front page
  
























  website of finland’s environmental administration

  









  
          suomeksi    
  
  
  



  
          på svenska    
  
  
  


                            in english
                      













search


      close the search field
  











  
              themes        
  
  
  





show submenu: themes
            








            back
          



  
              changing climate        
  
  
  





show submenu: changing climate
            







            back
          



  
              fast actions for climate change        
  
  
  





  
              climate change mitigation        
  
  
  





  
              climate change adaptation        
  
  
  





  
              reporting greenhouse gas emissions        
  
  
  







  
              sustainable circular and bioeconomy        
  
  
  





show submenu: sustainable circular and bioeconomy
            







            back
          



  
              use of natural resources and raw materials        
  
  
  





  
              product design        
  
  
  





  
              market surveillance and environmental marketing        
  
  
  





  
              sustainable production        
  
  
  





  
              sustainable consumption        
  
  
  





  
              reuse        
  
  
  





  
              waste and recycling        
  
  
  







  
              nature, waters and sea        
  
  
  





show submenu: nature, waters and sea
            







            back
          



  
              natural diversity        
  
  
  





  
              sea        
  
  
  





  
              waters and water resources        
  
  
  





  
              recreational use of nature        
  
  
  





  
              landscape        
  
  
  







  
              built environment        
  
  
  





  
              pollution and environmental risks        
  
  
  





show submenu: pollution and environmental risks
            







            back
          



  
              air pollution control        
  
  
  





  
              environmental risks of chemicals        
  
  
  





  
              protecting the ozone layer        
  
  
  










  
              state of the environment        
  
  
  





  
              sustainable life        
  
  
  





  
              civic activity        
  
  
  





  
              permits and obligations        
  
  
  

















  environment.fi helps you to make environmentally sustainable decisions

  

          on the environment.fi website is published information that helps and encourages us finns to make environmentally sustainable decisions and to act in an environmentally friendly way. we make these decisions not only in our everyday life, but also in the role of an employee and a decision-maker.
        

search





image










image








image















  tiny steps towards sustainable life

  


      everyday life can be made meaningful when one strives to realise oneself, share what one has and promote the common good. climate change, overconsumption of natural resources, loss of nature and other sustainability problems can be overcome together.
   







  
          

  protect your local nature
    
  
  
  


      loss of nature is also a reality in finland. you can influence the well-being of your local nature in many different ways. you can for instance do your gardening in an organic way, participate in nature management activities, or make observations about species.
  









image









    
          © riku lumiaro
      










  
          

  contribute to the well-being of waters
    
  
  
  


      finland is one of the most water-rich countries in the world and our waterways are in fairly good condition. however, water pollution and climate change are also problems for us. among other things, droughts and algae blooms are increasing. our consumption also saps the water resources of other countries. with your own actions, you can reduce water eutrophication, chemical loads, and other impacts of your water use.
  









image









    
          © adobe stock
      










  
          

  be mindful when purchasing goods and services
    
  
  
  


      consumption has expanded to the internet and the marketing of products and services is sometimes aggressive. a smart consumer pays attention to their purchasing decisions, repairs and maintains the goods they own, and prefers borrowing and sharing.
  









image









    
          © laura rautjoki
      












  natura 2000 areas in finland

  

          the european union aims to halt the loss of biodiversity throughout its territory. one of the most important means to achieve this goal is the natura 2000 network. natura protection areas in finland covers around five million hectares.
        


      read more about natura areas in finland 
  
  
























  state of the environment in finland

  


      finnish society has widely taken on the task of putting finland on sustainable track there are still many problems, but also solutions.
   







  
          water    
  
  
  


      

  of finland’s water bodies, groundwaters are in the best condition, whereas small water bodies are in the poorest condition.

  








image

















  
          nature    
  
  
  


      

  finland’s nature is impoverished. the main reason for this is the efficient use of land and water areas.

  








image

















  
          climate change    
  
  
  


      

  climate change is progressing, and its effects are spreading everywhere. finland aims to be carbon-neutral.

  








image

















  
          healthy environment    
  
  
  


      

  the living environments in finland are quite healthy.

  








image

















  
          circular economy    
  
  
  


      

  society wants to move from over-consumption of natural resources to a circular economy.

  








image


















  browse contents by themes

  







  
          changing climate    
  
  
  


      

  climate change is the result of greenhouse gas emissions from human activities.

  








image

















  
          sustainable circular and bioeconomy    
  
  
  


      

  a sustainable circular economy involves a transition towards a new economic system.

  








image

















  
          nature, waters and seas    
  
  
  


      

  nature and water are vital to us. the way we treat them now affects the condition they will remain in for future generations. 

  








image

















  
          built environment    
  
  
  


      

  a functional, comfortable, healthy and sustainable built environment is part of the solution to climate change, natural loss and many other crises.

  








image

















  
          pollution and environmental risks    
  
  
  


      

  in order to combat pollution and risks to the environment, we need new vigour to protect people and the environment.

  








image



























  joint website of finland's environmental administration

  

information that helps us make environmentally sustainable decisions and find environmentally friendly solutions is published on the environment.fi website. the main themes are a safe living environment, the preservation of biodiversity and the prevention of environmental damage.


  
          read more about environment.fi    
      











  produced and run by

  

ministry of the environment
finnish environment institute (syke)
centre for economic development, transport and the environment
housing finance and development centre of finland ara
regional state administrative agency







  additional information

  

give feedback
contact information
about environmental administration
shortcut links










      ymparisto.fi – front page
  































footer menu


cookie settings


about cookies


data privacy


accessibility


syke










      back to the top
  











