

braingle » brain teasers, puzzles, riddles, trivia and games









































 riddles & puzzles
 trivia
 mentalrobics
 puzzle games
 community





brain teasers, riddles, trivia, games and more...
braingle is a place to solve puzzles, brush up on your trivia, play games and give your brain a workout.  get ready to have your brain tangled!





puzzles



trivia



mentalrobics



games



community



with over 15,000 brain teasers, riddles, logic problems and mind puzzles submitted and ranked by users like you, braingle has the largest collection anywhere on the internet!


 previously
try a brain teaser!


riddle
in good company
seemingly small and perhaps very old
my kind are a multitude untold

you may think that you understand me
but what i am now is not what you see

despite my emission of tremendous light
most of the time i'm obscured from your sight

my extreme heat may be a well-known trait
but if not too massive, cooling is my fate

what am i?
show answer

subscribe and follow
get daily teaser via email




more puzzles...



braingle's trivia section contains over 5,000 fun and interesting quizzes on a wide variety of topics.  are you an expert on something?  create your own quiz for other people to test their knowledge?

			loading




stay mentally fit with these daily brain exercises. you will learn how to flex your mind, improve your creativity and boost your memory. try to do some mentalrobics every single day!

			loading




all of our unique online games are free to play and several of them are multiplayer games where you can challenge other members of the braingle gaming community.

			loading




we have an active community of smart people who participate in all areas of the website.  chat with your friends, post comments, and earn points to climb the ladders.

			loading






braingle at a glance




brain teasers
riddles, puzzles, logic problems and other enigmas to entangle the mind.



optical illusions
a deceptive or misleading picture that is caused by the disagreement of the eye and the mind.



puzzle experiences
need a bigger challenge? try one of our exciting puzzle experiences!



codes & ciphers
learn about encryption, cryptography, codes and ciphers.



puzzlepedia
an encyclopedia of all types of written, spoken and mechanical puzzles.





trivia quizzes
take fun and interesting quizzes on a wide range of topics.



fact box
discover interesting facts and take random quizzes on a variety of topics.



photo quiz
we will show you a picture with only a small piece revealed. can you identify the object in the photo?



famous art quiz
can you identify the artist who made each of these artistic masterpieces?



celebrity quiz
try to identify the famous people in these obscured photos.





mentalrobics articles
daily exercises and tips for improving memory, creativity, vocabulary and stress management.



memory tests
the average person's short-term memory can hold 7 things. how much can you remember?



flash cards
when you are trying to memorize something, flash cards can be a very effective way to improve your memory.



vocab builder
this vocabulary test is loaded with over 3000 of the most common words found on the sat and gre standardized tests.



iq tests
learn more about how intelligence is measured and calculate your own personal score.





puzzle games
play popular puzzle games like sudoku or wordsearch right in your web browser.



strategy games
free strategy games to play online. compare your score to other brainglers.



puzzle book
over 20 logic puzzles in one downloadable book. can you solve them all?



card games
learn how to play hundreds of fun card games with our encyclopedia of card game rules.



paper & pencil
dozens of simple games to play with a friend when you only have a pencil and paper.





public forums
an active message board with hundreds of topics in which to participate.



talk boxes
talk with your friends in your own private forum.



private messages
send private messages to your friends.



live chat
im with your favorite braingle people in this live chat room.



social games
play some social games with your braingle friends.



 




there's always something new to solve!
as a braingle user you can submit riddles, rate puzzles, make quizzes, keep track of brain teasers and play some of our exclusive games. with our active community frequently adding new brain teaser and quizzes your brain will  never get bored!







join the 200,000+ members who keep their wits sharp with braingle!
braingle has a large vibrant community of smart people who contribute to the site in many ways.  some of the coolest features are only available to registered users. it's free to sign up, so why not give it a try?
create a free account!

after creating your account, become a subscriber to get a number of added benefits.
subscribe










online now
9 users and 757 guests
				enter the live chat room 





follow braingle!





















get your free braingle account

submit your own brain teasers
vote on puzzles and track your favorites
chat with other smart people

sign up now!





copyright © 1999-2025 |
faq |
links |
green |
subscribe |
contact |
privacy |
conditions |
braingle time: 2:29 pm
www.braingle.com



 sign in
 create a free account







