




mushroom ebooks - mushroom publishing





























gemstar
        - msreader - pdf - mobi - palm - hiebook - pod




authors | titles | free
        ebooks 
        | about us | faq







 ebooks at their very best











 



home

news
authors
titles
free stuff
submit book
links
about us
contact us
faq
authors
alan burt akers
renee angers
helen barker
anthony burns
moyra caldecott
esmé ellis
j grundy fanelli
suzanne francis 
dr cindy jones
mary lancaster
carol e meacham
doug pike
d radha-rose
roger taylor
daniel wyatt
 




 





we are now accepting new submissions

mushroom publishing is now accepting new submissions.
we are interested in science fiction, fantasy, thrillers and historical fiction.
please see www.mushroom-ebooks.com/submitbook.html for more details and a sample contract.

  









 latest
news (see blog for
more) 




roger taylor (1938-2023) 
it is with great sadness that i must report the passing of roger taylor on 25th march 2023, at the age of 85.


born in heywood, lancashire, roger taylor made his mark as a civil and structural engineer. his diverse interests included pistol shooting, aikido, and playing the piano.


roger taylor's greatest acclaim came from his epic fantasy novels. his "chronicles of hawklan" series, originally published between 1988 and 1999, captivated readers with its multifaceted tale of good versus evil. building on this success, he expanded the chronicles with seven more books, concluding the saga with the return of the sword. in 2012, he published the keep, a standalone fantasy work unrelated to the chronicles, followed by the science fiction novel travellers in 2020, and the uncategorisable newman in 2022.


roger taylor's writing explored the idea of embracing one's darker nature to protect those weaker than oneself. through his storytelling, he left an enduring impact on the fantasy genre.


roger was one of the first authors to embrace the risky fledgling world of the "electronic book" or ebook, joining mushroom publishing in 2001 to publish his entire fantasy series. he became a good friend and mentor.


rest in peace, roger taylor. you will be missed, but your literary legacy will endure.


get new posts by email:  subscribepowered by 










 






 




 




 











home | blog | authors | titles | free
        ebooks | submit your book | links | about us  | faq
last
        updated
        july 12, 2023
        . copyright © mushroom
          publishing, 2000- | privacy policy

 




