




  










recognized as one of dc's best federal & private sector employment lawyers






















































 









hello, you are using an old browser that's unsafe and no longer supported. please consider updating your browser to a newer version, or downloading a modern browser.









have a
question?


call: 
202-463-6036







 











about us

our team
careers


practice areas
case results
client reviews
resources

faqs
blog


contact us







 






 
protecting your job is our job
employment lawyers for federal government & private sector employees
more about the firm





alan lescht and associates, pc, is a premier employment law firm located in the heart of washington, dc. 
for more than 25 years, alan lescht & associates, pc, has helped employees protect their jobs. our attorneys are effective litigators who represent clients in dc, maryland, and northern virginia, as well as federal government employees around the world. whether you are being discriminated against at work, negotiating a non-compete agreement, or applying for a security clearance, we can help. at alan lescht and associates, we work with you to deploy a results-driven, cost-effective legal solution that is tailored to your needs.






federal government employees worldwide
federal government employees hire us to represent them in proposed disciplinary actions, grievances, mspb appeals, eeo cases, security clearance proceedings, suitability determinations, and other employment-related matters. our attorneys are uniquely familiar with the nuances of federal employment law.







private sector employees in dc, md, & va
we negotiate non-compete and severance agreements for executives; advocate for employees with disabilities; and represent workers in wage, discrimination, and wrongful termination cases. whether you need an hour of legal advice about a contract, or long-term representation in a lawsuit, we can help.







state and local government employees in dc, md, & va
our firm represents teachers, administrators, court employees, law enforcement officers, and other local and state government workers. we have significant experience navigating the special rules and procedures that apply to state and local government employment cases in dc, maryland, and northern virginia.








get our help


first name(required) last name(required) email(required)

phone numbercommentscaptcha
alan lescht is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we'll only use your personal information to provide services you requested from us. from time to time, we would like to contact you about our services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick below to indicate you agree to let us contact you.
consent(required) i agree to receive communications from alan lescht and associates.phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ












my experience has been above and beyond professional and thorough.
richard m.     
client













alan offered valuable guidance and resolved the matter in the best way possible. he and his team are professional, knowledgeable and extremely thorough. i highly recommend them.
ryan w.     
client







i came to the firm as a victim of gender discrimination. alan lescht, and all the firm’s attorneys, listened to my story and treated me with respect and dignity throughout the legal process. the firm was able to negotiate a substantial settlement on my behalf, thanks to their excellent knowledge of the law and the facts of my case. they made a stressful process as easy as possible for me. i recommend alan lescht and associates as the “go to” firm for anyone who has suffered from discrimination in the workplace.
valerie e.     
client









federal representative case
davina w. v. department of justice, ofo appeal no. 0120152757
we won an appeal at the eeoc office of federal operations on behalf of a doj employee who alleged that the agency failed to give her reasonable accommodations leading to her removal from federal service. after our client filed an eeo complaint, the agency issued a final agency decision (fad) finding no discrimination. we appealed the decision to the ofo, who found that the agency indeed denied our client reasonable accommodations, leading to her removal. the ofo ordered the agency to reinstate our client to her former position and pay her back pay, compensatory damages, and attorney’s fees.

all cases




federal court trial victory
campbell v. district of columbia
on december 11, 2015, a federal jury awarded $555,000 in back pay and other damages to our client, jennifer b. campbell, former chief operating officer of the dc department of health care finance (dhcf). we proved that dhcf violated ms. campbell’s due process rights by reporting negative allegations to the media before discussing the issues with her. the district appealed the jury verdict and in 2018, the court of appeals for the dc circuit upheld the jury verdict and awarded ms. campbell attorney’s fees incurred in defending the appeal.

all cases









our team





alan lescht
managing shareholder







sara mcdonough
shareholder







laura nagel
shareholder







ari wilkenfeld
shareholder







nekeisha campbell
shareholder







barrett kelly
shareholder







tamara l. slater
shareholder







katie watson
shareholder







katherine lease
senior counsel







david blum
senior counsel







victoria watson
senior counsel







erica bilkis
associate attorney







tiba fatli
associate







mack karbon
associate







kathryn kelly
associate attorney







caroline whitlock
associate attorney







joyce dozier
office administrator







lauren felitti
senior paralegal







tessa nyquist
legal administrative assistant







keziah sterling
legal administrative assistant




view all

 


 

 

 

 

 

 













contact us
get directions
about us








                            ©2025 all rights reserved.  disclaimer 




alan lescht and associates, p.c., maintains this website to provide general information about the law firm and the field of employment law.  the information on this site is not legal advice upon which you should rely or act; nor is it intended to be legal advice.  you should contact your attorney to obtain advice with respect to any particular issue or problem.  using and accessing this website does not create an attorney-client relationship with alan lescht and associates, p.c.  do not send any confidential information to us until and unless a formal attorney-client relationship has been established.  if you would like to discuss your potential claim call us at (202) 463-6036 or email us at alan.lescht@leschtlaw.com.



















































