























ippa






































phone: 913-384-2345
email: 	ippa@dci-kansascity.com






















payroll membership

why join
how to join


vendor partners

vendor partner listing
become a vendor partner


events

webinars
industry events
2025 spring summit
2025 owners & executives strategic retreat


industry resources

online store
webinar recordings


grow now
 

grow now











thriving together
ippa believes that thriving isn’t a solo journey – it’s a collective effort.
from sales to implementation, operations to leadership, we embrace the idea that every role plays an essential part in our shared success.
through participation in educational programs, partnerships with innovative vendors and opportunities for connection, our members are committed to fostering collaboration.
together, we’re meeting goals; and transforming challenges into opportunities and ideas into impact.
join us on this journey, and let’s thrive together!
begin today


















0
+

payroll members





0
+

businesses served





0
+

people employed





0
+

vendor partners































what members say










the friends and relationships we have built through ippa over the years are priceless. through ippa’s events and conferences, we have met and helped hundreds of payroll & hr providers increase their revenue, stay competitive in the hcm space, and provide their clients peace of mind with our turn-key, white-labeled labor law poster solutions. we would absolutely recommend joining ippa if you are looking to grow your business!














i am proud to be one of the original founding members of the independent payroll provider association (ippa). the ippa has been a valuable resource for me and my business since its inception. the association has given me access to valuable information, resources and the opportunity to network with other independent payroll providers. i have found the ippa to be a supportive and collaborative community, and i am grateful for the association’s support of independent payroll providers.














“being an allied member of ippa has fostered so many relationships and partnerships for our company. this group truly pours passion into all they do to help you network, and grow your business. the conferences they host are first class and allow you time with all attendees so you are interacting and capitalizing on meeting more people. ippa is a group that continues to give opportunities to put your business name out there so you are known with all of their participants. if you are not a part, you really need to consider this group, they are top notch!”














“payroll is an incredibly complex and unique industry. the ippa brings together many resources for independent payroll providers, but more importantly, provides a space for us to come together, collaborate, and share ideas. i am a newer member and have only had the privilege of attending two conferences to date, but each time i left with new contacts, new insight, and great takeaways to come back and apply to my business. i’d recommend ippa to any independent payroll firm looking to grow their business or gain industry knowledge.”


















in the news
payrollin’: what if? innovation and leadership in the payroll industry – ippa 2023 summit takeaways
payrollin’: how to differentiate your payroll business, the value of associations
ippa – top 3 takeaways, zayzoon blog











follow ippa










 










get in touch

subscribe to get all latest news & updates




































membership in ippa is not an endorsement. neither the independent payroll providers association, its executive board, nor staff shall be responsible for the actions of its members, their officers or employees.






contact

4919 lamar ave.  mission, ks 66202
(p) 913-384-2345
(e) ippa@dci-kansascity.com
(f)  913-384-5112





quick links
home
about
payroll membership
vendor partners
grow now
 







© copyright 2025. all rights reserved.




disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of service
cookie policy
cookie settings
 


































