

diarmuid o'leary and the bards - irish music, entertainment - lanigan's ball, the oldest swinger in town







×
smithy



it is with great sadness and regret that we say goodbye to our colleague and friend "smithy" who passed away this morning (30/09/2022) after a short illness.
 as a long time member of the group, playing electric and double bass and vocals we have very fond memories of great times on the road sharing his enthusiasm, infectious homour and musicianship.
he will be greatly missed by all of us.
rest in peace smithy.
















 

 



 

 

 

 
 








the bards management



47 casimir road,
    harold's cross,
    dublin 6w, ireland
telephone: +353 1 492 3307
    e-mail: info@thebards.ie
    





  









 


  

diarmuid o'leary and the bards are firmly established 
among the top entertainers in ireland today and have several hit songs to their 
credit. equally at home in concert, cabaret, festivals or corporate entertainment, 
they will enhance any event with their unique blend of music, song and humour. 


while diarmuid 
     o'leary and the bards are associated in the popular mind with their comedy 
     hit songs, equally strong facet of the group is their ability to render a 
     wide range of more serious and contemporary material, together with exciting 
     instrumental arrangements of traditional irish music. in addition to their 
     humorous songs, a typical live show includes contemporary songs such as "the 
     railway hotel" and "shaney boy"; the classic ballad, "the isle of innisfree"; 
     the haunting traditional air of "roisin dubh"; the hilariously outrageous 
     "turf song"; and not forgetting the song which produced that rare irish greeting 
     and catchphrase "how's she cuttin?"

    as well as their performances throughout ireland, the bards tour extensively 
    abroad. they appear regularly in england, scotland, wales, europe and the 
    united states and in recent years have taken their music to places as far 
    away as hong kong, singapore, kuala lumpar, indonesia, baghdad and dubai and 
    they are regular visitors to iceland.





    the group's recordings receive regular airplay both in ireland and abroad 
    and over the years they have appeared on many major tv shows on rte, bbc, 
    itv, utv and other networks.

    if you have an opportunity to see and hear diarmuid o'leary and the bards, 
    you will certainly enjoy their blend of music, song and humour and come away 
    filled with the enthusiasm which they generate everywhere they play. 


 
 













home
i the bards i music
i history 



 




