


mac's cleaners is a tulsa dry cleaners, dry cleaners tulsa, tulsa cleaners, cleaners tulsa, tulsa laundry service, tulsa laundry business, and offers wedding dress preservation and tulsa laundry services


















header









 

















macs cleaners













home





why use
                us?





how delivery
                works





faq





about us





policies





services





links





contact us


































  












our
                        guarantee





   




our
                        goal







mac's
                cleaners & shirt laundry, inc. unconditionally guarantees
                the quality of our dry cleaning. if you are not completely
                satisfied with the quality of or cleaning, simply contact us
                within 2 days of delivery and we will re-clean your items free
                of charge.
                 
 


new hours


tuesday-friday: 7:30am-5:30pm
saturday-monday: closed
 
if prepaying for dry cleaning: 20% discount for cash payments and 10% discount for credit card payments.
 


click here to read our reviews




our goal is to build a relationship, not just become your drycleaner. we can bridge this gap by not employing a
                tulsa dry cleaners deliver driver, but rather a knowledgeable
                tulsa cleaners consultant that can answer any questions you may have. this
                tulsa laundry service person in essence will be the bridge between you and your drycleaner.
                at our cleaners tulsa strives to meet the goal that this person becomes familiar with you and your needs, as he/she will handle all of your
                questions about your number one tulsa laundry business, concerns
                about special requests, such as wedding dress preservation and
                comments about your dry cleaners tulsa serves. we look forward to the
                opportunity of doing business with you and your staff in the near future.
please contact us at 918-838-3436 to discuss these unique tulsa laundry services in further detail.
























header








©copyright 2003 - 2025








mac’s tulsa dry cleaners & shirt laundry, inc. guarantees the quality of our dry cleaning. mac's cleaners, tulsa laundry services, offers quality dry cleaning service at prices you will find at many other neighborhood retail dry cleaners tulsa stores.  we offer an array of services from wash and fold laundry, dry cleaning, to wedding dress preservation.  our tulsa cleaners operation has been in business since 1952 to help serve the tulsa laundry business by constantly giving utmost care that one would expect from a tulsa laundry service. 
tulsa web design












 

