ï»¿

inventory software with visual and manufacturing control






















                        dcs inventory software

                        a powerful simple to use inventory control software






                            login:  



                              




                              











home
download
video demo
new web system

contact
screen demo








 a visual alternative to inventory management 











inventory software features

                        * multi warehouse support
                        
                        * lot number / serial number tracking
                        
                        * manufacturing support including multi level bill of materials
                        
                        * interfaces directly with quick books accounting system
                        * barcode inventory label generation
                        
                        * single or unlimited network installation
                        
                        * purchase order and rfq entry screens
                          
                        * return material authorization (rma) logging
                             
                        * 100% picture driven (all screens will display a picture)
                        


                       this intuitive and affordable software is an ideal inventory management 
                        solution for small businesses. easily manage movements, purchases and sales 
                        with one integrated package. features include: stock control,
                        serial number tracking, contact management, purchasing with the creation of detailed 
                        purchase orders from top level assemblies, purchase receipts, accounts payable, sales 
                        orders, shipping and accounts receivable. manage multiple vendors for common items, 
                        tracking order history and item cost. control sell price with specific markups with 
                        up to six custom pricing fields. 
                        dcs inventory addresses the needs 
                        of several different industries including:  machine shops, electronics, clothing, mechanical assembly, food, medical, aeronautical, and hotel maintenance. 
					

                        an important feature with an inventory 
                        control package is that it needs
                        to be easy to use. management and other users need to do their job without the additional
                        hassle of learning complicated programs. the main goal of the business is to make money by selling
                        your product not managing the software. this system allows quick access
                        to the most common inventory control functions which makes this product easy to
                        manage and lowers overall operational costs.

                        simple visual verification of each part is what sets this inventory management apart
                        from the competition. a picture of the part allows users to visually verify they
                        are working with the correct part. with the picture and barcode together you will
                        be assured that the correct part is always selected. the context sensitive search
                        engine in this software enables users to correct part
                        number errors in seconds. 

manufacturing software features

                        with the bill of material management feature, the system will function as a full manufacturing
                        software solution. this includes bill of material maintenance , work order processing
                        , finding where parts are used ,advanced planning, and detailed shortage information.
                        the bill of materials screen displays the stock
                        lookup engine along with the multi-level bill of materials information. the work
                        order screen displays shortage information along with the purchase order status.
                        the find where used screen displays all the assemblys that use the part along with
                        the complete bill of materials. the forecasting / planning screen allows checking
                        for shortages before the work order is created. these software screens
                        have most of the features that the large corporate mrp systems have but with a much
                        simpler user interface. once your engineering department sees this manufacturing
                        software in action you will look no further. it makes creating a bill of materials
                        twice as fast with half the effort.do not try to control the software let it control the business.
                    






 locate the correct inventory part











 bill of material management











 100% pictuure driven












 advances features


check inventory stock
bill of material option
100% picture driven
attach drawings
barcode support





















                    this site is © copyright dynamic control software 2014, all rights reserved.  






