







    home | ricardo gomez real estate

















































menu



homehome evaluationlisting alertsmortgage calculatormore + real estate servicesclient reviewsarea alertpre-constructionblogcontactmls search 




homehomehome expect better with rick gomez.buyersview all listingssellers sell with confidencewhether it's getting a full scope of your home's value in the current market or marketing your home effectively to generate the maximum level of interest - you need to make sure you've got a professional by your side to ensure you get the highest return on your invesment.seller services the keys to buyingwhy make a decision before understanding what you're getting yourself into? why sign documents that you don't fully comprehend? when it comes to arguably the most important investment in your lifetime, you deserve all the answers. i'm here to help.buyer servicesarea alertsget instant notifications when your neighbours sell and find out what they sold for! know the market trends in your area.first name*email*last name*home address *sendclick










rick gomez
real estate professionalbest of the bay realty6604 whiteway dr, tampa, fl, 33617 rmgrealtor@hotmail.com (813) 300-5458 (813) 300-5458




useful links
›  real estate services›  home evaluation›  listing alerts›  area alert›  contact

 







 


 

 real estate websites by web4realty | agent login
terms of use & privacy
general terms of usewelcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern this site’s owner’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
terms of use & privacy

the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.
neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of canada.

terms of use

this representation is based in whole or in part on data generated by the real estate board/website administrator which assumes no responsibility for its accuracy. the information provided herein must only be used by consumers that have a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale or lease of real estate and may not be used for any commercial purpose or any other purpose.
all mls® data obtained from this virtual office website ('vow') is intended only for your personal, non-commercial use.
you have a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale, or lease of real estate of the type being offered through this vow.
you will not copy, redistribute, retransmit, or otherwise use any of the data or listing information provided, except in connection with your consideration of the purchase, sale, or lease of an individual property.
real estate board/website administrator ownership of and the validity of real estate board’s proprietary rights and copyright in the mls® database, mls® data, real estate board's mls® system, and listing information.
you will not, directly or indirectly, display, post, disseminate, distribute, publish, broadcast, transfer, sell or sublicense any listing information to another individual or entity. the prohibited uses expressly include ‘scraping’ (including ‘screen scraping’ and ‘database scraping’), ‘data mining’ or any other activity intended to collect, store, re-organize, summarize or manipulate any listing information or any related data.
the terms of use agreement also expressly authorizes real estate board, and other real estate board members or their duly authorized representatives, to access the vow for the purposes of verifying compliance with mls® rules and policies (including the vow rules) and monitoring the display of members’ listings by the vow.
consent to the fact that your personal information, including first and last name, email address, and phone number may be collected, used or disclosed. the personal information may be shared with real estate board for auditing and/or legal purposes.

privacy

my website automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors. this data helps me determine how many visitors use parts of the website, so i can improve my website to assure that it is as appealing as i can make it for as many of you as possible.
we use a technology called "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in our website are visited, and by how many people. these cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your email address is.
we may provide statistical "ratings" information, never information about you personally, to our partners about how our clients and visitors, collectively. we do this so they too can understand how much people use their areas and our website in order for them to provide you with the best possible web experience.
we will only transmit or ask for personal information over secure internet connections, using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption, the currently accepted standard for online security, and security keys.
we may use your information to let you know of additional products and services which you might be interested. we may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you may always choose to respond or not, or opt out of future mailings.
we will not share your personal information to any third party, unless requested in response to legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena.
whenever personal information about you is stored on our computers, that information is password-protected from unauthorized access or use. in addition, this information is kept on servers that are located behind a firewall.
this website may contain links to other websites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
if we elect to change our privacy policy, you will be notified, and we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.








real estate websites by web4realty
https://web4realty.com/










 









 















