
















travel guides















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






travel guides



holiday will be full of natural wonders and adventure activities, useful information about what you need for each region or country to realize your dream.












sunday, march 4, 2012





pre trip inspection checklist





we all believe that a pre trip inspection checklist for a school bus that is taking school kids for a trip to the local museum or aquarium is absolutely mandatory and should be conducted by all schools. however, when it comes to our own vehicles and a trip that we plan ourselves, we tend to take it a bit easy. we don't bother checking each and every single detail of our vehicle, and most often pay for it, literally and figuratively. we all know that conducting a pre trip inspection is all we need to do to avoid such a situation. but do we do it? most probably not. that's because we're genetically engineered to realize our mistake only after we pay the price. but from this moment, that's about to change, we have for you a checklist for a road trip or a vacation that you may be planning, which involves the use of your own or a rented automobile. check it out and use it.
pre trip inspection checklist for vehicles

whether it is a camping trip in the woods on the outskirts with your family or a road trip that you've planned with your friends, you simply must not compromise car safety in any way. maximum accidents happen on the road and a major portion of those are due to the negligence of the driver. negligence includes not conducting a thorough inspection using a complete vehicle safety checklist. because honestly, if you don't bother to check to see if anything is wrong with the car parts, after knowing that you'll be using your vehicle continuously for quite some, then it's nothing short of rash and negligent behavior. given below are all the things you need to keep in mind while checking your vehicle before you take it out for the long awaited trip.

pre trip inspection checklist for vehicles
exterior inspectionwheels: check to see that the tires have enough air and tire pressure. make sure that they have a proper tread. also check rims, lug nuts and check that the hub oil seals are not leaking
lights: check the headlights to see that they work properly. flash and check for high beam and low beam. check the fog lights. also check all the indicators: front and back, right and left. also check that the hazard lights are properly working. also the brake lights, stop lights and parking lights need to be checked.
suspension: the spring mount, springs and shock absorbers need to be checked for wear and tear.glasses: glasses include thd mirrors and the windshield. make sure they are clean and free from dirt and grime. wash them clean before setting out. the windshield wipers should also be checked.



read more »














labels:
trip










saturday, march 3, 2012





online travel deals





it is a fact that for many people, traveling has been considered a great way of spending their vacation time --- this, despite the fact that a large number of these people also travel extensively for work. whether you're traveling for business or pleasure, you should be sure to investigate the variety of online travel deals available at your fingertips. if you don't, you're missing a great opportunity for saving money on your travel expenses.

of course, there are some travelers who have plenty of money and don't worry about finding the best travel deals; however, if you're reading this article, we assume you're not in this camp!

far and away the most popular place to find online deals these days is through the online travel aggregators such as expedia, travelocity, kayak, and priceline. though many of them initially focused solely on one segment of travel (such as flights or hotels only), these sites now offer price comparison shopping for flights, hotels, car rentals, and even package deals combining multiple components. these types of sites scour the internet to try to provide the best deals for any imaginable itinerary --- priceline even offers a 'name your own price' option to possibly get even better deals. these

although the travel aggregators outlined above offer some great deals, don't overlook the possibility of travel agencies. many travel agencies advertise their offers online, enabling potential travelers to find their holiday destinations with discount packages. the travel agencies often have deals available that aren't publicized on the large websites. sometimes this is due to the agencies finding last minute deals; other times, it is due to the fact that only a limited number of discounted packages are available, and the packages never even get published online.





read more »














labels:
travel deals










wednesday, february 29, 2012





advantages of hiring a travel agency





one of the most enjoyable things to do that you cannot miss in your life is a vacation out of the country. thinking about going to another territory to check out the places and encounter a whole new lifestyle is exhilarating. however, the trouble of organizing the entire trip may also be difficult. this empties you of the extra energy you could have used to do more work before going upon that much awaited trip. if you are located in california and you're simply considering going on vacation, it is advisable to work with a los angeles travel company.

a lot of people are afraid of the expenses which go along with finding a travel agent. however, only expert travelers know that employing such agent delivers much more benefits to you and helps make the overall vacation planning hassle-free. to highlight some great benefits of dealing with a los angeles travel company, here are some pointers:

1. travel companies know their business. many travel agencies talk with networks of hotels, airlines, and tourist guide agencies. when you use them, it will be simpler for them to organize the whole trip, as they have in mind the right people to contact.

2. travel agencies assist with record processing. if you are a first time visitor and also the document specifications with regards to going on vacation are unfamiliar to you, it is advisable to work with a travel company. these people fully understand the needs required by every country plus they know how you can get them quickly. with a travel agency, you conserve time from homework and you're able to process everything more efficiently.



read more »














labels:
travel agency












older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(18)





        ▼ 
      



march

(2)

pre trip inspection checklist
online travel deals








        ► 
      



february

(11)







        ► 
      



january

(5)











 





powered by blogger.









