

































mosquito the anti-loitering & teenager repellent | mosquito

















































































 

















call: +44 (0) 1685 350418
basket (0) my account














shop mosquito
why mosquito

about the mosquito
sound deterrent for under 25s
anti-social behaviour
anti-loitering device
vandalism
graffiti


mosquito at work

for the home
for business
retail premises
community neighbourhoods


how mosquito has helped

corner shop
elderly couple
shopping centre
food store
in the community
schools
local councils
car parks


faq

how does it work?
how do you set it up?
how long does it take to work?
does it hurt?
is it harmful?
is it legal?
has it been tested?
what is the specification of the mosquito?
do i need to purchase anything else?
mosquito helps social distancing


contact




























 
slide 1buywhy?stopthe problembefore it startsslide 2buywhy?harmlesspreventionusing the science of soundslide 3buywhy?sound out the problemof anti social behaviour 












do you want peace and quiet in your own home and garden? do you always want your business premises to remain secure and safe from teens unwanted behaviour? do you want to take back control without confrontation? if the answer is yes, it’s simple. the mosquito ultrasonic anti-loitering device. a safe, benign way of preventing anti-social behaviour.

the device needs to be fitted 4m above the area you want to affect.







learn how the mosquito works here







the mosquito works by exploiting a medical condition called presbycusis – or more simply put age-related hearing loss. as we age, our ability to hear higher frequency sounds is reduced.
the mosquito works by emitting an alternating high-frequency tone at 16-18.5 kilohertz.

is the mosquito legal?








prevent and disperse the problem in 20 minutes









8.00pm teens start to gather, and their behaviour becomes a nuisance or threat.





8.05pm discreetly positioned mosquito ultrasonic alarm is switched on via a timer or remote control.





8.20pm teens pick up on the high-frequency, repetitive tone of the mosquito.





8.25pm teens disperse as they become irritated by the highly annoying sound.





is it harmful?







mosquito at the corner shop
location: small corner shop in bradford
problem: the shop front was attracting large groups of teenagers that although did not always cause trouble, they did make the shop’s owners feel intimated.
on installing a mosquito device:
there has been a huge reduction in the numbers gathering outside the shop. there have been no complaints on the device being used. it has significantly reduced the illegal behaviour the shop owner has had to contend with over the years.
read more success stories








we had the mosquito put up by a friend of ours and first off, the instructions were excellent. everything is so clear. the job was done in less than forty minutes. thanks to you we now have a respite from the awful problems that we were having. your device does not harm, just moves the youngsters on allowing innocent people to carry on with their lives unimpeded.
kris perkins
homeowner

buy







the mosquito is safe, legal and harmless









no harm





no harm





no harm





no harm









name*email address*

message*imagesyou may send us pictures of locations where the mosquito will be located

drop files here or 
select files

max. file size: 10 mb. captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

























 









customer helpline: +44 (0) 1685 350418

head office: mosquito loitering solutions ltd., 9 llangorse rd, aberdare, rct, cf440hs
copyright @ 2025 mosquito loitering solutions ltd









security news
delivery and returns
cookies
legal policies
terms and conditions for the supply of goods





 



 


































this site uses cookies:  find out more.okay, thank you



