




tob-info.net - your home for tob and tia scores and information

























home

email


            

















































tob/tia historical archive
welcome to the official historical archive of  
    of tournament of bands and tournament indoor association



 
week 4 shows - scores and rankings are completed 
if you do not see the updated menu item, please refresh the page a few times.
	        in most browsers you can force a full reload of this website by holding the shift key while clicking refresh.


tournament of bands and tob-info.net announce partnership
tob-info.net is now an official partner of tournament of bands and will serve as the official historical archive for tournament of bands and tournament indoor association. click here for more information on this exciting partnership          



















added 08-aug-2022: 1988 shows at greencastle antrim, cumberland valley, carlisle, lebanon, chapter 6 championships
added 28-jul-2022: 1989 shows at martinsburg, elco, cumberland valley, carlisle, cedar cliff and chapter 6 championships

            also, in december we just finished adding 84 historic indoor shows to the archive from seasons spanning 1977 through 1996. if you have more, send them over!
i have the recaps from every wildwood ever. trying to figure out how to present them. they are mostly handwritten and very hard to read. eventually i'll figure something out.

welcome to the historical archive for scores and information related to the tournament of bands marching band circuit as well as tournament indoor association indoor guard, percussion, dance and twirlers located in the mid-atlantic states. we have been collecting this information for nearly 20 years and have the most complete set of scores, recaps and rankings available anywhere. the information on this site exists through the generosity of many more people than can be named who have provided scores and recaps from shows throughout tob/tia's 40+ year history. we always aim to provide a complete archive. if you possess any materials that we don't have please contact us so we can add them to the archive.
while all information regarding the current season on this site is unofficial, we are an official partner of the national judges association as the official historical archive for tob and tia. please consider all rankings on this site as unofficial. they are intended for entertainment purposes only.
for official information on tob and tia, please visit them at https://www.njatob.org
if you encounter any information on this site that is inaccurate please contact us so we can correct it. we aim for 100% completeness and 100% accuracy. this site is a labor of love and is not funded by nja.



marching band high school northeast mid-atlantic tournament of bands tournament indoor association indoor guard color guard percussion twirlers dance atlantic coast championship wildwood national judges association scores rankings archive history historical archive recaps chapter championships new jersey pennsylvania maryland delaware west virginia acc tob tia nja








 









 




