





healing for the nations – healing for the nations










































		skip to content










 





home
about

menu toggle





how we can help


ministry principles


testimonials


history


retreats

menu toggle





register


donate
shop
contact
 





 










main menu

 













 










about

menu toggle

historyhow we can helpministry principlestestimonialscartcheckoutcontact usdonatehealing for the nationsmy accountretreats

menu toggle

questionnaire submittedregistershop 









 

where are you going? 
head knowledge, heart empty?out of balance living? destructive behaviors? stuck in your growth? relationship struggles? need help? 
the intensive retreat …your next step?“our entire pastoral team and their spouses have been through the intensive retreat. we wanted to provide our team with the kind of soul care that they need to continue in healthy ministry. we consider this a wise investment for the kingdom of god.”when a friend tells you something is good and makes a profound difference, you trust them and listen. since 1993, one person has shared with another, and the intensive retreat has touched thousands of lives as a result2025 datesfeb 28th – march 5thapril 4th – 9thjune 6th – 11thjuly 11th – 16thaugust 8th – 13thsept 12th – 17thour oct – dec dates will be announced later in the yearlearn more about our retreats
about your hosts

current retreats

testimonialsdonate monthly
our mission is leading people in a growing relationship with jesus christ. we appreciate your generosity and your cooperation in supporting our ministry. click the banner to make a donation or see our donate page to make a monthly contribution.
donate





 







interested?if you need more information or want to sign up for a retreat, contact our office at: healing for the nationspo box 677, marietta, ga 30061-0677, usa phone: +1 (470) 493-8863 email: hfnoffice@gmail.com 



testimonial“since 1993 i have seen god move through healing for the nations to change lives, restore families and transform broken individuals into men and women who could once again have a future and a hope. i know of no other ministry that has had a greater and more lasting effect on the lives of god’s people.”more testimonials.. 











copyright © 2025 healing for the nations
 






















