













windows server 2003 tutorials, visual and step-by-step

















welcome to my windows server 2003 tutorial website!  here you will find 
visual, step-by-step guides that can help you on your windows server journey.  
everything has been tested personally, on a default installation.  i cannot 
guarantee that the guides will always work, but they should on most 
configurations.  articles prefixed with "ms kb:" are links to microsoft 
knowledgebase articles ( 
http://support.microsoft.com ) that i have written.
please keep yourself and your networks up to date on 
security patches
visit 
http://www.microsoft.com/security/ for more information
active directory

creating the first 
	windows server 2003 domain controller in a domain
adding a user to windows server 2003's active 
	directory
adding a computer to windows server 2003's 
	active directory
adding a windows xp computer to windows server 2003's 
	active directory
adding a windows 2000 computer to windows server 
	2003's active directory

iis

setting up perl for use with iis 6.0, step-by-step
setting up php (cgi) for use with iis 6.0, step-by-step
setting up php (isapi) for use with iis 6.0
enabling asp support in iis 6.0
setting host headers in iis 
  6.0
backing up your iis 6.0 metabase
setting up ssl with a selfssl certificate on iis 6.0
ms kb: how to: serve wap websites (.wml) using iis 6.0
ms kb: smtp does not appear in the iis 
	manager
enabling asp.net support in 
	iis 6.0

shell (gui)

disabling internet explorer enhanced 
  security configuration
disabling internet explorer enhanced 
  security configuration - windows server 2008
setting up the usage of luna and other themes on windows server 2003, step-by-step 
  (unsupported)
setting up the usage of directx and graphics acceleration on windows 
  server 2003, step-by-step
disabling the shut down tracker
not requiring ctrl-alt-del at logon

general

enabling sound on windows server 2003, enterprise edition, step-by-step
disabling error reporting on windows server 2003 (and windows xp), step-by-step (not 
  recommended)
creating a new user on windows server 2003, 
  step-by-step
enabling the cd burning service in windows server 
  2003, step-by-step
disabling automatic updates in windows server 2003, step-by-step
applying extra security using the group policy 
  object editor (several tutorials with-in)
finding your new hard drive (assigning letters)

terminal services

enabling audio redirection for remote desktop and terminal services
enabling remote desktop

volume shadow service

setting up and using the volume shadow copy service

setting up shared folders

setting up the volume shadow service

restoring previous versions



frontpage server extensions


setting up and using frontpage server 
	extensions

installing frontpage server extensions

setting the default (global) settings in fpse

extending a website for use with fpse

adding an fpse user to a website



more to come....when i think of what to add :-)

if you think you may have found an error in my writings, please 
contact me.
you can help support my quest for knowledge:








visit my "what works and what doesn't in vpc 2004" page, available
here.
the following are windows server 2003 faq sites:


  microsoft's windows server 2003 technical documentation

  larry samuels' unofficial windows server 2003 faq

kristofer gafvert's it notebook

and some windows xp help sites:

microsoft's windows xp help
kelly's korner

copyright © 2002-2025 jonathan maltz.  for trademark/copyright information, 
click here.  about me. 
main page.  contact me.


