


 




ohlheiser | otc


























 











    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    

















        skip to content    





drivingefficiencyforward®




search





search








search





1-800-837-6827
sign in/register

toggle nav




                        menu                    




shop   shop by brand  industrial finishing products   all finishing  spray guns  pumps  pressure tanks  filters  hose & fittings  booth & floor covering  accessories  industrial electrical & motor products  fluid power  bearings  pumps  automation  dispense products   all dispense  applicators  power transmission  compressed air piping  products & services   products  services  industries  industry news  contact us   request for quote  request for service  locations  emergency service  about us   who we are  otc news  our companies  events  career opportunities  careers   




                        account                    


 


























                    home                


ohlheiser
























 







ohlheiser is now otc! to streamline your ordering process and improve your customer experience we are redirecting you to otcindustrial.com
for more than 50 years, the ohlheiser corporation has supplied customers with automation components from the world’s leading manufacturers. our team of highly trained sales specialists serve all of new england, long island and southeastern new york, providing the best products, services and value available in the industry.
 phone: 860-953-7632
fax: 860-953-9234
locations: 
831 north mountain roadnewington, ct 06111contact ohlheiserrequest for quote 
ohlheiser is now otc! learn how otc can help support your business.about otcservices



custom assembly services




ohlheiser provides custom assembly services to help you reduce costs, increase productivity and improve profitability. we work with you to ensure that custom components meet your exact specifications, and we stand behind our products: your custom-assembled components will produce accurate, reliable results and are sure to last for years to come. 

 




custom design services




we work with you to ensure that custom components meet your exact specifications, and we stand behind our products: your custom-assembled components will produce accurate, reliable results and are sure to last for years to come. we consult with you to determine your exact needs and assist with the design of new sub-assemblies to meet those needs.

local sales engineers to analyze your system
in-shop or on-site service technicians
real-time computer systems and dedicated monitor and control software
application engineers to assure optimal technical system interface


 




fabrication




we work with vendors to meticulously identify functional requirements. our team of outstanding vendors will create custom-fabricated products to the necessary specifications.

 




consulting services




we provide consulting services as a way of offering our customers a value added benefit. our state of the art facility, featuring a negative atmosphere environment to guarantee low levels of pollutants, uses advanced assembly systems to ensure your components are built right, every time.

failure analysis – foundations, rotating equipment
vibration analysis – foundations, rotating equipment
equipment reliability programs
preventative and predictive maintenance programs
equipment baseplate design and manufacture
troubleshooting and upgrades of instrumentation and controls


 




products electric motors
ohlheiser carries  high-quality, custom-designed motors that provide superior performance and high-power density for material handling, construction equipment and other applications. 
electric motors are now more diverse and adaptable than ever before. when planning a motion control system, the choice of motor is extremely important. the motor must align with the purpose and overall performance goals of the system. luckily, there is a motor design suitable for any imaginable purpose.fluid power
ohlheiser is an authorized smc distributor. our goal is to help you put things in motion. whether it’s a quick turnaround on components or assistance with customizing an assembly specifically for you, our technical support team has the experience and inventory to get it done.
smc has been a leader in pneumatic technology, providing industry with technology and products to support automation based on the guiding principle of “contributing to automation labor savings in industry."
 request for quoterequest for quoteautomation
at ohlheiser depth of our product offering is unrivaled. we have an extensive catalog of more than 10,000 products, with hundreds of new, innovative products released every year. every product that we manufacture is designed for simplicity and versatility and built to the highest levels of quality.motion control
our motion control portfolio is uniquely positioned to help you create the capable, scalable and connected machines that drive your business forward. with the global reach of vendors, you can be sure that your devices are supported and serviceable across your entire enterprise.request for quoterequest for quoteindustries



medical/healthcare




industrial design is so important that it can single-handedly determine the success or failure of your medical device. think of it as the bridge that connects your technology with the people who use it. the type of bridge you build determines the way people will experience your product and brand.  at ohlheiser, we make to bridge the gap between your needs and the right products and vendors.

 



general industrial manufacturing




regardless of application, ohlheiser can provide the solution. whether your main concern is weathering exceptionally tough conditions or ensuring consistent and precise output, we have solutions to handle the demands of your industry. we’re a one-stop shop that can equip your plant with products and deliver service offerings ranging from reliable front-end project engineering support to responsive maintenance and repair, effectively minimizing unexpected downtime. at ohlheiser, the broad range of products we supply, and support combined with the superior technical expertise and knowledge of our people, has allowed us to become an invaluable partner to companies in a wide range of industries.




building trade, construction & hvac




ohlheiser carries the most comprehensive range of equipment types and name brands in the area to provide the right solutions for your needs. we offer only the highest quality equipment from trusted manufacturers, backed with multi-level aftermarket support. whether your challenge is a planned expansion or an emergency breakdown, ohlheiser has you covered.




oem




we offer original equipment manufacturers (oem) an unparalleled combination of purchasing power, technical expertise and value-added services to ensure that you receive the highest quality products at the most competitive prices. our expert manufacturer supply staff will work with your team to help make your products smaller, faster and more energy-efficient, improving the capabilities of your machines and outperforming your competitors.
with our vast product offering, you can consolidate the number of vendors you work with and standardize your key products — allowing you to dramatically simplify your supply chain. better still, you can create standard solutions that support your customers in all corners of the globe.


 




contact ohlheiserrequest for quote
otc news
our companies
industries served

we are otc
about otc
career opportunities
accessibility
employee portal
ethics & compliance 
self service
opt in for newsletters
check your order status
return information
shipping information
help
contact otc
800-837-6827
emergency service




terms of use
purchase order terms & conditions
terms & conditions of sale
rental terms & conditions
privacy notice
ada compliance
do not sell my information




 search engine powered by elasticsuite





