
the isuzuweb







the isuzuweb
the international organization of isuzu car enthusiasts
established 1996

the isuzuweb is a network of isuzu enthusiasts 
around the world, established to promote the enjoyment of isuzu 
manufactured passenger automobiles.
the isuzuweb has grown to be the largest isuzu enthusiast organization and
the only international organization for isuzu car enthusiasts.
owners and fans of all models of isuzu manufactured passenger automobiles 
are welcome, though this organization does not cater to owners and fans
of trucks and sport utility vehicles.



isuzuweb organizational objectives

to encourage the enjoyment of isuzu automobiles by those who already 
own them and to encourage others to join us in that enjoyment by 
encouraging others to purchase isuzu manufactured automobiles.
to welcome both those who wish to keep their isuzus in showroom 
condition as well as those who wish to customize and/or performance tune 
their isuzus.
to work together, and individually, to encourage isuzu motors, ltd., 
japan, and their distribution companies (american isuzu, etc.) to 
continue to produce replacement parts for our automobiles and to 
encourage isuzu motors, ltd., japan to re-enter the passenger car 
market.
to work, in a cooperative manner, with all other previously 
established and subsequently established isuzu enthusiast organizations, 
and related groups, 
in their efforts to promote isuzu vehicles and in the accomplishment of 
their organizational goals which are shared with our own organization, as 
long as those actions do not violate or go against our own objectives or 
the law.
to facilitate and actively participate in, in a positive manner, the 
sharing of information about isuzu automobile maintenance, performance tuning, 
trivia, history, etc. in, but not limitted to, the following venues:

the establishing and maintenance of internet web sites devoted to 
and about isuzu automobiles, be those sites about personal vehicles, 
specific model vehicles, isuzu as a whole, historic, technical, or other 
positive information and to encourage the use of the isuzuweb's 
organizational banner on all of the websites of active members.
to reflect a positive attitude and conduct ones-self in a mature 
manner in public and at any function where by that individual is acting 
as, percieved as, or representative of the isuzuweb organization and/or 
isuzu owners in general, despite those who may wish to detract from the 
goals of the isuzuweb organization or the individual personally.
to, as a group and individually, actively lobby the automotive press 
to more actively cover and devote more space to the topic of isuzu 
automobiles.

to act as a representative of the isuzuweb at each and every automotive 
event (show, race, etc.) that participated in.

to work together to create and host events, such as car shows, to 
promote isuzu automobiles and the isuzuweb.




advantages of membership

membership will allow you to maximize the group effort of promoting and 
publicize isuzu manufactured automobiles to the publishers and parts 
manufacturers among the sporty compact car segment.
members will be able to fully participate in and help in determining the 
direction of the organization.  members will help to work toward the common 
goals an objectives of the organization.
members will receive resurgence the official magazine of the
isuzuweb.
members will be allowed to and encouraged to obtain isuzuweb window
stickers for display on their isuzu cars.
members may, at some point, be offered incentives in the form of 
discounts in the purchase of parts and accessories for their isuzu 
automobiles from specific participating retailers.




isuzuweb privaledges


the isuzuweb mailing list

the isuzuweb mailing list has been created as a venue for isuzuweb members to 
discuss all topics having to do with isuzu, geo storm, and lotus elan cars including 
repair, restoration, performance tuning, racing, and the activities of the isuzuweb 
car club.
subscription privaledges are extended to all isuzuweb members in good standing.  
ownership of an isuzu, geo storm, or lotus elan car is not required to belong to 
the isuzuweb or participate in the mailing list, but discussion on the mailing list 
is limitted to topics of isuzu, geo storm, and lotus elan cars and the activities 
of the isuzuweb car club.
to join the list, simply submit your 
membership information as indicated on the membership application page and once verified as 
complete, you will receive an invitation email message with instructions on joining 
the mailing list.
if you are already an isuzuweb member and would like to subscribe to the isuzuweb mailing 
list, please 
contact us.


resurgence





isuzuweb members will receive resurgence the official magazine of
the isuzuweb.  this is a quarterly publication that deals with the topics
of the isuzuweb, and everything related to isuzu manufactured
automobiles.
members are encouraged to contribute written and graphic work to be
included in resurgence subject to editting by the isuzuweb.
non-members may submit material for consideration for printing in
resurgence, subject to approval by the isuzuweb.
resurgence is only available to registered members of the isuzuweb.
it may be used by members to encourage others to join the isuzuweb, but
may not be duplicated and distributed by members.
back issues and reprints of resurgence are available only to
isuzuweb members at a cost of $3.00 us per issue and a postage cost of
$.60 to the us, $1.00 to canada, and $2.00 international.
for a bibliography of past issues of resurgence, 

click here.


the 2000 isuzuweb t-shirts



isuzuweb t-shirts are now available to members.  these high quality shirts 
are 100% cotton in a light blue color with a two color graphic of the 
isuzuweb logo and red impulse ji on the front upper left chest position and a 
four color graphic of the isuzuweb logo, url address, blue impulse jr, yellow 
impulse ji, and red storm on the back.
these light blue t-shirts are available in sizes extra large and extra-extra large only.
pricing is as follows: sizes extra large, $15.00 per t-shirt; extra-extra large, $16.50.
shipping costs are as follows: to the continental us, $3.00 per t-shirt; to alaska, 
hawaii, and canada, $4.00 per t-shirt; for shiping costs for multiple shirts or 
shipping outside canada and the us, please email for costs.
to order a t-shirt, send your order and check or money order made payable to 
"bill luton" to the address for the isuzuweb which is listed below.


the 2001 isuzuweb polo style shirts


isuzuweb polo style shirts are now available to members.  these high quality shirts 
are 100% cotton in a speckled grey color with the isuzuweb logo embroidered in 
red on the right front over the heart and also on the back upper center between the 
shoulder blades.
the red polo style shirts are available in sizes extra large only.
pricing is as follows: size extra large, $19.00 per t-shirt.
the grey polo style shirts are available in sizes extra large and extra-extra large only.
pricing is as follows: sizes extra large, $19.00 per t-shirt; extra-extra large, $21.50.
shipping costs are as follows: to the continental us, $3.00 per polo shirt; to alaska, 
hawaii, and canada, $4.00 per polo shirt; for shiping costs for multiple shirts or 
shipping outside canada and the us, please email for costs.
to order a polo shirt, send your order and check or money order made payable to 
"bill luton" to the address for the isuzuweb which is listed below.



the 2002 isuzuweb members' cars calendar

isuzuweb members are elligable to purchase copies of the isuzuweb members' 
cars calendar at cost, which is $25.00 us, or $20.00 each for two or more, and $3.00 
us shipping within the us 48 states; $4.00 shipping to canada, alaska, and hawaii; $5.00 
shipping to europe, asia, australia, and the rest of the world.
the calanders are printed by copy max, a chain copy store owned by the office 
max office supply store chain.
the calanders are on 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock in a vertical, hanging format, and 
are spiral bound.
for a preview of the 12 months of the isuzuweb, 
check the calander 
preview page.
to order a copy of the calander, send your order and check or money order 
made payable to "bill  luton" to the address for the isuzuweb which is listed 
below.


window graphics

isuzuweb members are allowed and encouraged to display the isuzuweb logo 
on their isuzu vehicles.
all isuzuweb window stickers are made from "high 
performance" white vinyl and are applied to the exterior of the
window.

the standard graphics are as follows:
the logo is the elipse surrounding the "two thumbs up" with the word 
"isuzuweb" beneath it, just as seen above. 
they are available in two sizes: 

2"x2".......$ .70
4"x4".......$1.10
8"x8".......$2.50


windshield and custom color stickers are available in the following
colors:
white, black, medium grey, dark grey, yellow, tomato red, cardinal 
red, dark red, burgundy, raspberry, purple, vivid blue, olympic blue, 
saphire blue, lite teal, dark teal, real teal, bright green, forest 
green, dark green, blossom pink, orange, almond, brown, gold metalic, 
silver metalic, and charcoal metalic.
these stickers are ordered after your order has been received.
the pattern of the 2"x2" and 4"x4" stickers is the same as the standard
white stickers shown above.  the windshield sticker is 3" tall and
approximately 24" long.

set of ten 2"x2"...............$10.00
set of five 4"x4"..............$10.00
set of five 8"x8"..............$17.00
windshield....$16.00


shipping of 2"x2" and 4"x4" vinyl graphics is $.32 per dozen within the us, $.50 per dozen to
canada, and $1.25 per dozen international.
shipping of windshield graphics $1.00 within the us, $.20 to canada,
and $4.00 international.
to order isuzuweb graphics, send your order and check or money order 
made payable to "bill  luton" to the address for the isuzuweb which is listed 
below.
these graphics will not be available to the general public, only isuzuweb 
members may purchase and use them.  there will be no exceptions.





isuzuweb membership requirements

the isuzuweb is open to all people who are owners of or enthusiasts 
of isuzu manufactured passenger automobiles.  ownership of an isuzu 
manufactured passenger automobile is not necessary.
members of other isuzu enthusiast organizations are welcome and 
encouraged.
other isuzu enthusiast organizations as a whole are welcome and 
encouraged.
members may be required to obtain and display the isuzuweb logo on 
their vehicle, if they own an isuzu manufactured passenger automobile.
members may be required to display the isuzuweb logo on any isuzu 
oriented website which they create or created, subject to notification of 
and approval by the organization.
ownership of a computer and/or participation on the internet is not 
required, though at this point it is most practical because at the 
current point in time, this is an internet based 
organization.
individuals or groups of individuals who demonstrate behavior, 
activity, or attitudes which are contrary to the objectives and goals of 
the isuzuweb organization or the law will be asked not to participate in 
the organization.
membership dues are currently not required, though they may be required 
in the future as the organization grows and becomes more active.




isuzuweb 
membership application

applying for membership is quite easy, and very similar to that of the 
isuzu registry; owners on the net, though more detailed information is 
required.
to become a member of the isuzuweb, simply email bill in a message with the
subject set at 
"isuzuweb membership" with the following information:

full name, though you may indicate a nickname for use on public 
documents.
full and current mailing address or a very good reason why you are 
unable to furnish this information.  this information is not to be 
published, given out, or sold to mailing lists, but is to be kept by the 
organization in case we need to contact you.  the membership roster will 
include only city, state/province, and country unless you request that 
the city and state/province be left out.
full and accurate telephone number.  again, this is only to be used 
in the event that we need to contact you and this information will not be 
published.
full, current, and accurate email address (if applicable).
internet address of both personal website and isuzu oriented website 
(if applicable).
year born.
occupation, or a very good reason not to include this information.
year and model of isuzu made passenger automobile(s) you own, if you are 
the owner 
of an isuzu passenger automobile.  if you do not own an isuzu passenger 
automobile, you may feel free to indicate which model isuzu you would 
like to own.  owners of isuzu passenger automobiles are required to 
include the following information:

vin number of the automobile(s) (this becomes your membership 
identification number).
color of the automobile(s).
if that vehicle is stock or modified (indicate general categories 
of modifications, ie: engine, paint, stereo, etc.) or if 
you desire to modify, customize, or performance tune the automobile.

please also briefly indicate if you have any specific technical 
evperience in working on isuzu automobiles and the models which you are 
most familiar with because we may wish to ask for the use of your 
knowledge or advice at some point.
for an easy form to fill out and send, go to the application
page




isuzuweb 
membership roster


no new member name will be added until all application 
information is submitted. 




contacting the isuzuweb

the isuzuweb can be contacted by email at info@isuzuweb.org,
or by regular mail at:

isuzuweb
8400 craighill dr.
st. louis, mo 63123
usa






links to isuzuweb partner websites

isuzu style
isuzu-mods
the isupage
the isuzu owners web site
jim's geo storm page
peter mckill's 
isuzu bellett page, bellett car club




news

isuzuweb lobbies for model isuzu cars
modifiers performance systems, made by 
the company that manufactures the tech deck collectable skate board models, has 
announced that they are developping a line of modifiable model cars.  they have asked 
the public to suggest which makes and models of automobiles they should make, and post 
opinions and suggestions on 
their message board.  the isuzuweb has been actively lobbying modifiers to 
make models of isuzu cars, especially 83-89 impulse, 85-89 i-mark, and 90-93 impulse, 
stylus, and storm.  we ask all isuzu enthusiasts to help by lending their voice to back 
our suggestions on the 
isuzu car suggestion thread.


isuzuweb elan scca calssification effort
for several years now, the isuzuweb has been requesting formal classification for 
all isuzu, geo storm, and lotus elan cars for competition in stock and street 
prepared classes of soloii autocross.  despite the documentation we have provided 
to the scca, they have seen fit to ban the elan from stock class competition.  
we have initiated a letter writing campaign to demonstrate to the scca that their 
membership wants this car classified for stock competition.
go to the  for further details and 
to download a copy of the letter to send to the scca.


congratulations to isuzuweb members for carlisle 2001.

congratulations to the members of the isuzuweb for their participation in the 2001 
carlisle custom compact power jam.  the isuzuweb was the only isuzu car club 
attending the show and again took more than its fair share of awards at the custom 
compact power jam.
member eric filion was awarded third place in the asian isuzu storm/impulse/asuna 
mild class for his 1993 asuna sunfire.
member michael gainey was awarded first place in the asian isuzu stylus/i-mark
semi wild class for his 1989 isuzu i-mark rs.
member bill luton was awarded second place in the asian isuzu stylus/i-mark
semi wild class for his 1991 isuzu stylus xs.
for in-depth coverage of the event, check 
 the isuzuweb at 
carlisle, 2001.


missing members
after the last mailing of resurgence magazine, the following member's magazine 
issues were returned because they had moved away from the address we have on file.

jaime adan
joshua e. allen
kip anderson
diana jessie austin
russel becker
simon bouderault
jason briand-barnes
david britt
chad m. brodbeck
nathan curry
karl davenport
shaun dean
michel deramaix
kornel farkas
christopher garey
mathieu gariepy
jose antonio gutierrez
will hamilton
gary hancock ii
paul hassett
rob hatcher
greg havener
mike holmes
mitchell jankowski
aaron jenkins
sonny kenth
boby kuniyoshi
john loughlin
eric luoma
danny mclaughlin
brent madison
doug marihugh
francisco montilla (paco)
daniel morris
ken parhar
paul f. prezioso
donnie prince
robert rego
jason rohrbaugh
michael silva
tim simmons
joseph matthew tillman
carey vorseth
domonick weaver
terrance anthony williams
daive wood
james wood

please contact us with your current mailing address so we can forward your issue 
of resurgence to you and make sure you get future issues.


isuzuweb recall effort
the isuzuweb has initiated an attempt to initiate a recall through the nhtsa of 
faulty ecus in the 1989-93 model isuzu impulses, styluses, geo storms, asuna sunfires, 
and isuzu i-mark rss.
go to the full 
story from the august 1999 issue of resurgence magazine.


congratulations to isuzuweb members for carlisle 2000.

congratulations to the members of the isuzuweb for their participation in the 2000 
carlisle custom compact power jam.  the isuzuweb took more awards than any other isuzu 
enthusiast club at the custom compact power jam, and impressive six of twelve possible 
awards.
members ron and linda annas were awarded second place in the asian stock all years
class for their son's 1989 isuzu impulse turbo.
member john e. addison was awarded third place in the asian stock all years
class for his 1987 isuzu impulse rs.
member darren ristich was awarded third place in the asian isuzu impulse storm mild
class for his 1992 geo storm.
member bill luton was awarded first place in the asian isuzu stylus/i-mark
class for his 1991 isuzu stylus xs.
member anthony washington was awarded second place in the asian isuzu stylus/i-mark
class for his isuzu i-mark.
member scott aguilar was awarded first place in the other exotic all
class for his 1991 lotus elan m100 se.
for in-depth coverage of the event, check 
 the isuzuweb at 
carlisle, 2000.


congratulations to isuzuweb members for nopi 1999.

congratulations to the members of the isuzuweb for their participation in the 1999 
nopi motorsports supershow.
member harold walker was awarded third place for the isuzu/geo conservative class 
and member bill luton was awarded third place in the isuzu/geo mild 
impulse/storm class.
isuzuweb member wendel person was awarded second place for the isuzu/geo mild class.
well done.
for in-depth coverage of the event, check 
 the isuzuweb at 
nopi, 1999.


congratulations to isuzuweb members for carlisle 1999.

congratulations to the members of the isuzuweb for their participation in the 1999 
carlisle custom compact power jam.
member roby kuniyoshi was awarded third place in the isuzu/geo mild non-impulse/storm 
class and member bill luton was awarded third place in the isuzu/geo mild 
impulse/storm class.
in addition, the isuzuweb was awarded third place for club participation.
well done.
for in-depth coverage of the event, check 
 the isuzuweb at 
carlisle, 1999.






isuzuweb past events

the following is a listing of the events that the isuzuweb have attended 
as a group.



atco 1997; the isuzuweb at the atco id drag wars, november 1997.

carlisle 1998; the isuzuweb at the carlisle custom compact power jam, may 8-10, 1998.

nopi 1998; the isuzuweb at the nopi nationals motorsports supershow, september 19-20, 1998.

carlisle 1999; the isuzuweb at the carlisle custom compact power jam, may 14-16, 1999.

nopi 1999; the isuzuweb at the nopi motorsports supershow, september 17-19, 1999.

carlisle 2000; the isuzuweb at the carlisle custom compact power jam, may 19-21, 2000.

carlisle 2001; the isuzuweb at the carlisle custom compact power jam, may 4-6, 2001.

norwalk 2001; the isuzuweb at the norwalk sport compact nationals, july 22, 2001.





isuzuweb future events schedule

the following is a listing of the events which the isuzuweb will be 
attending either individually or as a group.  we invite all isuzu 
enthusiasts to join us at these events.


2002

may

custom compact power jam - 
may 4-5, 2002, carlisle show grounds, carlisle, pennsylvania, usa.

this is the key annual event for the isuzuweb and the largest gathering of isuzuweb members 
and isuzu enthusiasts in north america.  our group grows in size each year and the 
isuzuweb has been the only isuzu car club attending the event every year for the past 
several years.
where else can you find out if marc and filion will remain the terrors of the go-cart 
track and how much more power chris morgan can squeeze out of a 2.6 liter turbocharged 
engine?
bill's isuzuperformance will again sponsor 
isuzuweb members for $10 off their show registration and this is the only car show in north 
america with international press coverage that an isuzuweb member can attend for the low 
cost of $20.
the isuzuweb has placed information about the event and the isuzuweb activities at the show 
on the carlisle information page.
the isuzuweb has placed registration forms online at 
the isuzuweb registration page.
we hope you will join us for what the isuzuweb has built into the biggest isuzu car 
gathering in the western hemisphere.


september

nopi nationals motorsports supershow - september, 
2002, atlanta, georgia, usa.

we will see if there is enough interest for the isuzuweb to attend this show as a group.  
this was the traditional season closing event for the isuzuweb until their show fees became 
unreasonable.    look here for more specific information as it 
becomes available.









disclaimer

the isuzuweb as an organization, is not endorsed by nor associated with 
isuzu motors, ltd., japan, american isuzu motors, nor any other company.  
the use of the word isuzu, any emblems or logos which may be claimed by 
any of the aforementioned organizations, or anything else which may be 
claimed to be the property of anyone is solely for the pruposes of 
identification and in no way indicates any endorsement or association.





click here 
to go back to the isupage directory.


