



all maine matters, because all of maine does matter!





 


all maine matters 

home | amm online  | advertise | subscribe | where to find amm  | about us  | contributors 
















because all of maine does matter!


essential pages



 past issues read current and past
 issues of all maine matters


 where to find us a listing of places where you
 can pick up the current 
issue
advertising advertise on 
all maine matters.
distribution let us know if you would like 
your business to be a 
distribution site..
our advertisers
links
rural maine in pictures 



picture archives 

january pictures 
february pictures  march pictures 
april pictures 
may pictures
june pictures 



old issues 

january issue 
february issue
march issue
april issue 
may issue  june issue july issue 
august issue  september issue october issue 



crossword puzzles 

january puzzle 
february puzzle 
march puzzle 
april puzzle
may puzzle
june puzzle july puzzle  august puzzle 
september puzzle 









 



  

   this month’s issue
read november’s issue of all maine matters.



  
low bandwidth - text only 

 designed by laisha 






 
we're back! 
 on january 9, 2006, the first edition of the second run of all maine matters hit the streets.
all maine matters is the product of the merger of two newsletters, the utu newsletter -- published by robbie mckay of kingman -- and fisheries notes – published by helen gordon of sullivan.
the publishers had come to understand that the same forces that were trying to depopulate the unorganized territories were trying to shut down maine’s fishing industry. the depopulation was being conducted via rural cleansing while the fishing industry was trying to establish the gulf of maine as a “non-extractive marine reserve.”
all maine matters was named because of all of maine does matter. realizing that the population centers in maine are already well-served by newspapers and other media, our focus is primarily on rural maine and those communities which are not concentrated upon by the media.
the mainstream media was often mystified by the fact that all maine matters would appear throughout the state somehow, but they often picked up and ran with some of the stories that appeared here.
from portland to madawaska; from calais to bethel; in millinocket, kingman, dixmont, lincoln, and woodville it appeared in cafes in hotels, in grocery stores and hardware stores.
free to our readers, all maine matters, an advertiser-supported publication, consists of news and commentary by and for the people of maine. 
we thank you for your support.
 











 





web



allmainematters.com

















about us | site map | privacy policy | contact us | ©2006 all maine matters 




