

















eaglewood homes | home builders in boise idaho







208.855.0502




 


find your homeavailable homesfloor planscommunitiesbuildbuild with ussignature standardsgreen buildingwarrantyquestions and answersgalleryphoto galleryvirtual realityabout uscontact usour teamblogtestimonialsrewardslog in 




log in



usernamepasswordkeep me logged in! 

forgot?


 








alert!










































blog
5 reasons you'll love an open floor plan
5 reasons you’ll love an open floor plan

open floor plans have become extremely popular in modern homes and have been made possible by improvements in building techniques and technology. the term open floor plan refers to the combining of multiple common spaces into one larger area that provides great flow and accessibility. in older homes, these rooms were regularly divided by walls and doors. open floor plans have many advantages and often[read more...] 








new home builder in boise idaho

with decades of experience and hundreds of homes under our belt, no one is more qualified to bring your dreams into reality than the
experienced professionals at eaglewood. over the years we have assembled a team of skilled craftsmen and construction experts

that take great pride in our reputation, building every component and detail of the home with precision. these professionals have
proven themselves by consistently delivering the best product, so you can rest assured your new home meets the highest quality standards.


our innovative and award winning home designs are unparalleled in efficiency, functionality, and aesthetics. we use advanced
construction techniques - not only to ensure your home is built to stand the test of time,
but also guarantee your home is as comfortable as possible. we go above and beyond the

requirements of energy star certified homes as demonstrated by our hers index score. so, our earth benefits from our green construction
and you benefit with comfort and lower utility bills!


eaglewood strives to build homes of lasting value in communities that enrich people's lives.
not only are we the best home builders in boise, but we also serve surrounding cities such as meridian, nampa, and kuna. 
view our list of fun attractions and things to do in boise.


when buying or building a new home, choose to come home to excellence...come home to eaglewood!





send us an emailyour name*email address*phone numbermessage**indicates a required field.





208.855.0502
info@eaglewood.com
2490 e. gala st.meridian, id 83642




available homes
floor plans
communities
photo gallery


build
green building
signature standards
questions and answers




warranty
contact us
our team
testimonials


blog
terms and conditions
privacy policy
rce-30216




















© 2025 eaglewood homes, inc. all rights reserved.

 
