
















































english | college of liberal arts and sciences | the university of iowa





































    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of liberal arts and sciences
          






            english
          






search

submit search







search










site main navigation

undergraduate programsmajors, minors, and certificatesbachelor of arts in englishbachelor of arts in english and creative writingliterary publishing trackenglish and educationminor in englishhonors in englishcoursesgeneral education literatureadvisingawards and scholarshipsstudent organizationscareers and opportunitiesgraduate programsdegrees and certificatesu2gmaster of arts in englishthe nonfiction writing programdoctor of philosophy in englishadmissions processcoursesfundingcareers and opportunitiesgraduate webformspublicationsbooks by facultyreading mattersout of iowa newsletteralumniout of iowa newsletterclas alumni and friendsui alumni and friendspeoplefacultyadjunct facultyvisiting facultyemeritus facultystaffgraduate studentsundergraduate ambassadorsaboutnewseventshistory of the departmentmontpellier exchangedepartmental manual of operationscontact us

























 











        reading. writing. iowa.
      


study at the writing university in the heart of the nation's most celebrated literary town. 















        why iowa?
      



immerse yourself in the world of literature, books, and creative writing–in a college and community obsessed with the written word.


learn more
              













        programs and faculty
      







 









        build a foundation
      



 if you love reading and writing, you belong at iowa. declare the english or english and creative writing major, and join a community dedicated to exploring–and creating–great literature.



                  undergraduate programs
                  






build a foundation
      








 









        expand your horizons
      



 develop your literary scholarship. hone your creative writing. delve into book studies. harness the digital humanities. prepare for success in the academy, public service, education, and the literary arts and professions.



                  graduate programs
                  






expand your horizons
      








 









        learn from experts
      



 our faculty are creating the future of the english disciplines, inspired by our storied past. they advance scholarship and artistry in a welcoming academic community internationally recognized for literary excellence.



                  meet our faculty
                  






learn from experts
      
















        top public university for writing
      



iowa's strength in writing reaches new level in annual u.s. news & world report ranking


read more
              













        news and announcements
      







 









        nwp mfa student spencer lane jones featured in 5q interview
      





                  wednesday, february 12, 2025
                








 









        nine english department faculty and graduate students present their research at the modern language association convention
      





                  monday, january 27, 2025
                










 









        kaveh akbar's poem "elegy for a name" in the new yorker
      





                  monday, december 30, 2024
                





view more news












 







"iowa city is the place to be– specifically the university of iowa–if you want to be a writer and if you want to have access to incredible resources around writing. the reputation is insane."
- sydney mayes, english and creative writing major




                  hear sydney's "why iowa"
                  














        upcoming events
      













        nonfiction writing program alumni reading series: emily mester
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025 7:00pm
                

prairie lights books


emily mester, alum of the nonfiction writing program will read from her new debut essay collection american bulk at prairie lights books on monday, feb. 17 at 7 p.m.













        krause series in contemporary nonfiction: dodie bellamy
      





                  friday, february 21, 2025 7:00pm
                

nonfiction writing house


the nonfiction writing program presents a reading with dodie bellamy, nwp bedell distinguished visiting professor and author of numerous books including when the sick rule the world. join us at the nonfiction writing house (530 n. clinton st.) on friday, feb. 21 at 7 p.m. for the reading, which is part of the krause series in contemporary nonfiction.













        krause essay prize ceremony celebrating winners grace glass & sasha tycko
      





                  thursday, february 27, 2025 7:30pm
                

old capitol museum


the university of iowa’s nonfiction writing program is pleased to announce that writers grace glass and sasha tycko have won the 2024 krause essay prize for their essay “not one tree,” which appeared in n+1. sasha and grace will be honored at the krause essay prize award ceremony on thursday, feb. 27 at 7:30 p.m. at the university of iowa old capitol senate chambers, where they will present their winning essay. there they will receive the prize’s $10,000 award and each will receive an inscribed walnut letterbox. a dessert reception will follow. 













        the case for medieval realism: sodom, babylon and cleanness
      





                  monday, march 3, 2025 1:30pm to 3:00pm
                

english-philosophy building


criticism today presents professor larry scanlon (rutgers university) as he explores the power and relevance of medieval realism in literature. drawing on ideas from theorists like roland barthes and marxist thinkers fredric jameson and anna kornbluh, scanlon will discuss how late medieval texts — especially the poem cleanness and its retelling of the sodom story — offer fresh insights into realism and culture.













        nonfiction writing program alumni reading series: laura julier
      





                  wednesday, march 12, 2025 7:00pm
                

prairie lights books


laura julier, alum of the nonfiction writing program will read from her new book off izaak walton road (university of new mexico press) at prairie lights books on wednesday, march 12 at 7 p.m.













        english department views: jonathan lethem reading
      





                  wednesday, march 26, 2025 7:00pm to 8:00pm
                

english-philosophy building


english department views presents: jonathan lethem. jonathan lethem’s genre-defying fiction weaves the conventions of noirs, westerns, science fiction, and graphic novels into something both evocative and wholly original. the “bard of brooklyn” (lithub) is the author of more than a dozen books — including the much-lauded novels "motherless brooklyn" and "the fortress of solitude" — and the winner of a macarthur foundation genius grant. books will be available for purchase. 







  more english events 
  










  writers' workshop events
  






  magid center events
  






  cinematic arts events
  






  theatre arts events
  















the university of iowa






university of iowa




english



              college of liberal arts and sciences
            



308 english-philosophy building (epb)iowa city, iowa 52242-1492319-335-0454319-353-2392english@uiowa.edu


social media


 facebook


 twitter


 youtube





admin login



footer primary


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


visit campus


request info




footer secondary


clas advising


academic policies


myui


icon




footer tertiary


give to english


alumni


people


contact us







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility
















