



**** forever friends ****
















 
welcome to kai's blog!!
remember to tag...












tuesday, january 31, 2006
this blog has been gathering enough dust. almost two months never touch it le so yea... time to revive it...hmmmx.. i'm getting pretty tired with whatever is going on in my life. well, besides her, i feel that everything is so typical. there's hardly anything significant in this life anymore.when you run and run, you'd get tired eventually. hahax. i don't know why but this athelete thingy just keeps coming into my mind... life's this stupid maraton with no end. and as i run and run, i begin to lose focus of what the hell i'm running for. i'm getting really tired i guess. well, hardly anything has meaning anymore. well, i guess she's all i have to cling on to for now. i'm just so pathetic. oh well...i visited my god-mother yesterday and the day before. cancer sucks. she's like loosing so much hair. it really pains me la... i mean.. haix.. she was the one who brought me up lo. then now there she is... i can tell she's afraid but she refuses to show it to us. i'm sad. i'm like so helpless la. wanna help but there's nothing i can do. i don't even know if she's in pain! i dunno... it guess things are like super meaningless now. the six young men really spoke a lot to me - we live to die and die to live. that crap phrase has been stuck in my mind for a really long time. it haunts me i guess. i'm not an escapist but for once, i don't dare to face reality. it's scary. haix.. what is life... what if mine were to end tmr? would i regret? i really feel like crying now... really... it's really painful to think about it... i can't bring myself to look into the future anymore. why kai, why?life's coming to a slow down when the pace around me is picking up. it's not good la - i'm falling behind. i just know it. things are building up within me... i'm real scared i'll break down. i think people around me are starting to see me crumble... but i still try to stand strong. it's hard but i must. stajeworks is picking up and errrx... i somehow feel very sick of the things that are going on. i know it's wrong to feel that way - staje is like the thing that gave me so much joy last time.. i know it still does la but somehow, i'm afraid and hurt by the things that are going on within. i dunno what i'm doing sometimes.. seriously.vice president... i really don't think i'm doing a good job with it. am i too bossy at times? i think i am la... but i do have the cca's best interest at heart.. but yea, i think i'm a little too harsh at times. it's time i changed.. but i just can't find the strength to do so.i'm really turning into someone i myself hate.. a pathetic weakling who merely harps on its own misfortunes. i hate it!she's the only one that i really trust... that i really can depend on. i'm scared of losing that very one person. i think i'd really collaspe.if there's really a god above... i really need comfort and guidance this time round. i'm burning out.. i'm losing every single drop of zest that i have for life. i don't want that to happen. but why am i feeling to hurt within. why?kai... why?why?          why?why?          why?          why?why?i hope i'd find a reason why soon.... 


 blogged at 2:02 am

0 comments




monday, december 05, 2005
had to wake up early for ogl workshop today. it was relatively ok la. i've got an ok group... together with wen e and celine again. got qi xiang too. yea... so at least got company.mmmmx.. then went swimming with her after the ogl workshop... i froze in the water cause it was too cold. hehex... so we didn't swim much in the end. oh well...then after that went to eat dinner... on our way, got this grp of malay kids suan us... then i got quite irritated. but ignored them la... then went to eat prata. when we walked back right, we passed them again. then they threw something in our path. i went like "bouncy bouncy" quite loud. then the heard... then said: "go sleep with yourself." damn irritating la! then dunno why, ended up pointing middle finger at them... damn sian la! stupid malay kids. and they're not even sec 1 lo! i just pointed and walked on la.. then could hear them cursing and swearing at the back. when we reached the traffic light, two of the boys came up to me and then went like: "point for what." i was super irritated le then went, "you all don't find yourselves irritating meh? i go coffee shop eat also must disturb me. come back also disturb me!" then the kid replied, "you cham where one huh? cham where one." what the heck is that supposed to mean? oki.. i understood but replied, "you talk to me can speak english?!" felt like slapping the ass la... but then the green man came on and she pulled me to cross the road. then we just walked and laughed.. ignored them. they were like shouting every single valgarity they knew la. so lame. oh! then they shouted, "i'll go fuck your mum!" hahax... that one was funny... her mother is like 50+ and they're like less than 12? my mum? wee! almost 50 and eh, you sure you wanna do anything to her? she'll sue and then get ppl to wack you up la kids. hahax. you kids lucky she not there... if not... lalala... i see you all die! i hate those malay kids. stupid posers.come to think of it horx, i was acutally quite bad la... when i was talking to them, i was preparing to block a punch or something le... however, still was holding on to her hand. i should have stood in front of her or something la... later those crazy kids hit her how? haix... lucky nv la... if not we see blood shed le. i hate those malay kids. but well, they're kids. shall forgive them... and hope that i don't bump into them again... i so don't wanna hit any one of those punny little kids. hmmm.. what if they got older gangster friends? oh no... hahax... oki... should i tell mummy and borrow her bodyguard or something? hahax... well, we'll see. they dare show face one more time, i'm calling my mum. grrrrx...mmmmx.. after that we went somewhere. i got quite fed up during that period of time. not her fault la... was just the ppl around us only. grrrx... cant ppl just leave us alone! i don't wanna elaborate... make me more grumpy only. haix... don't like nosey parkers! asses... and they had to be indians. bahx... i'm grumy now la! haiya! i think i'm gonna be grumpy tmr during ogl workshop le... haix.. hope she's not grumpy too... but well, we've got full reason to be grumpy after what happened.argh! i hate today! 


 blogged at 11:33 pm

0 comments




saturday, november 26, 2005
back from 5 days of obs at last! yuppie! but i kinda miss sleeping in a tent le lei - i was getting used to it. hahax. i miss my watch! junko was a great team. =) ah! i miss camp. hehex. weird how i was missing home so much during camp and now that i'm back, i'm missing camp! oh well... and i still miss her. =(mmmmx... kayaking, tracking, rock climbing, night walk and so on. those were the contents of obs. hahax. oh yea! still got tent pitching, cooking and washing! hahax. i did my own laundry for once. and i cooked! hahax.day one of camp was so-so. went to the jetty with aj. was chatting with kerrin, joshua, wen e and chinthin on the boat. kerrin imagined obs camp to be some holiday camp on sentosa or something - then she wanted to wear her cedar bikini. *no chance la kerrin!* hehex... so we got to base camp and mmmx, were seperated into our groups. my group was made out of ajc, srjc and njc people. junko! hahax. quite similar to my name too. hehex. we got to know each another really fast. junko consisted of myself (ajc), wen e (ajc), jessica (ajc), joanna (ajc), joshua (ajc), bing (njc), chin ping (njc), ye wee (njc), jolene (njc) benjamin (srjc), amanda (srjc), wan ting (srjc) and wen si (ip2 - njc). oh yea! and our lovely instructor cindy! hahax. she's nice.so back to day one. we assigned the group ics, store ics, food ics (and yes, wen e was one of them... hehex... but she can cook la.) and campsite ics. thereafter, we went kayaking! took practical lessons first then later, went into the water to paddle around. then we had to do the capsize drill. hahax. i love capsizing but i hate rescuing. hahax. tiring process. seesaw! hahax.after paddling around a bit, we went to wash up and then, learnt to set up tent. i hate a-shaped tents. they suck! hahax. details later will update. hehex... wen e cooked dinner for us. rice and some can food. it was nice. oh yea! we did our rationing before that too. hehex. we set up tents thereafter on a nice ground. =) that's all for day one. we bathed then snuggled up in bed le. learnt a bit of first aid from cindy then all were in the tents trying to sleep. the stupid mosquitoes were damn irritating. hahax.oki... on to day 2. we woke up at about 6am and collasped tents. ate breakfast then washed up. changed into hike gear and guess what, it rained! hahax. we ended up doin rock climbing indoors and then, playing some lame lame games with blindfolds. hahax. i've got no affinity with knots. =) can't tie for nuts. hahax. and junko's defination of a square is a figure with 6 sides. hahax. we are creativy ppl la. what to do? hehex. the group got quite sian but nevertheless, we still co-operated.later in the afternoon when the rain got less heavy, we went to pack our hike bag. the freaking thing was heavy la oki? i backed in my clothes and some admin equipment. the plus the stupid poncho. that made the bag quite heavy le. plus the food rations - about 4kg le la. hehex. now comes the fun part - 4 liters of water for each person... so that's another 4kg to make the bag 8kg. then cause the group had only 6 guys and 4 tents plus one bluetub to carry, i had to carry a damn tent. so tent is about 2kg and the ground sheet about 4kg.  add anoher 6kg to get 12kg! hahax. plus a little of this and that here and there, my bag came out to be about 15kg. so yea... 15kg on my shoulders and we tracked to our new campsite 1.6km away. =) oh! and me and jessica were the land expidition leaders for the next day so we had to plan during dinner while wen e cooked. when we saw the route, we started panicking. hahax. long sia! hahax. i was wondering how i'd ever make it. so we planned...when we reached the new campsite, it started drizzling again. had to pitch tents under the rain and yes, they got wet inside. hahax. the ground was so muddy that we had to use bricks to tie the tents down. irritating. my tents were all leaky. hahax. jessica and myself planned the route a little more with the help of our ground and then, lights out came lo. i was shouting across to kerrin's tent a chatting with her. hahax. i slept with joshua and chin ping. they were nice. =) our tent was like the emergency tent la. your tent collaspe, you find us. hahax. and that's why we had no sleep.at about 1am in the morning, i was woken up cause the tent sprung a leak. the ground sheet apparantly wasn't water proof and the water was coming in from the bottom. i tried to ignore it until the tent started leaking from the top. i heard the girls complaining about their tent too. joshua and chin ping woke up too and we began mission "salavage the tent". we were trying to make sure it didn't collaspe until we could set off. used pots and pans to store the dripping water. so old fashion. hahax. i was really home sick then. i wanted my bed! hahax. and yes, began missing her again. hahax. stupid tent.in the end, i couldn't stand it inside so i wore the band jacket and went out to fix the tents. not much difference but well, the leaks did stop for a while. helped the girls too then went over to talk to jessica about the trip again. decided to collaspe tents at 7am since we could only leave at 0730h.so, at 0700h, we started working on keeping the tents and emptying the water from inside. in the end, we got the tents damn muddy and all. lost a whole bag of tent pegs too but din care. we had to clear the whole area and ended up as the last grp to leave as we still had to brief the group on the plans. left about 0830h with more than 15kg on my beg le. water is damn heavy. hahax.the track was a long long one. 10km lei! i was so tired and fed up that i lost interest in leading. but then, joanna, ever so cute, kept singing and all. so cheery until i wanna scold also cannot scold. so, i tolerated 15kg on my back for the whole journey lo. hahax. it was tiring but we managed. =)pitched tent at some crappy place again. ground damn hard. i had very very bad blisters on my legs due to the weight and the long walk. couldn't walk properly then. hahax. so i slacked. watched them pitch tent and watched wen e cook again. hahax. maggie mee! hahax. ate then had sea expidition briefing my the leaders for sea ex lo. hahax. long journey ahead so went to sleep. oh yea.. forgot to mention... the group went for mass shitting. hahax. we shit in the jungle! dug holes to shit! hahax... oki.. then we went to sleep lo. hahax. slept well at last and didn't want to wake up... but had to.the next day, woke up at 4am and then collasped tents and all. left campsite at 0800 cause of kerrin's group. they overslept! hahax. tracked through an extremely muddy path and then, saw our kayaks. loaded our bags into the safety boat then set sail for our course. i paired up with wen si... we cant go straight for nuts. hahax... so we paddled and paddled until we reached a dam. i had to get off to help transport the kayaks over it. the mud in the swamp was disgusting but still, i gave myself a mud bath when pulling the kayaks over. i could hear kerrin screaming in the process. hahax.mmmmx.. so we kayaked on and on... oh.. half way during the journey, cause me and wen si crashed into the tree and had to paddle through it, wen si flicked a brach holding a spider test onto me. eggs and all were on me la! and the mama spider was on my lifevest. hahax. i was screaming like mad. hahax. luckily the spider jumped off if not, i'd have to capsize in the swamp le. hehex. stupid girl. hehex...we reached back at 1327h... obs record time! yea! i set a new record. hahax. washed up the kayaks and lifevests before tending to my wounds. set up the muddy tents to dry and pack up the store too. bathed then cooked dinner with wen e. i liked the soup that i cook. hahaxhad the best sleep that night. guess i got used to tent life. didn't want to wake up the next day but joanna was making too much noise la. hahax. so yea... woke up and went to pack store again. played with water. =) hahax... last day was fast la... met up for one last time and drank milo and did evaluation. then exchanged contacts, washed the girls' toilet and then bought obs shirt before coming back to singapore.i slept for the whole afternoon. dreamt of her. =) hahax... i miss her... oh wellx... i'm sleepy le... time to go back to sleep! night world! 


 blogged at 12:53 am

0 comments




thursday, november 17, 2005
3 months. =)was a pig in the morning. =) slept, slept and slept somemore. hahax. woke up several times but was to lazy to get off the bed so eh, fell back asleep again? lalala... ok, so i'm evolving into a pig. hahax.anyway, met her at 2:45pm sharp. i was 2 seconds early. hahax... but she was earlier. ooppps... it's ok, at least i wasnt late. heh. then we went down to army market to buy my obs stuff. how romantic horx? hahax... took public transport  there. i swear, i felt sick on the mrt train! reason being, i took 4hours of public transport yesterday thanks to stajeworks... round and round singapore we go. hahax...oki oki... back to the day. mmmmx... so we got to army market and bought all my rubbish. then bought a cup of sugar cane and gulped it down before leaving for eh, the bus stop? ended up walking to concourse for no reason. hahax. went in and started walking around aimlessly. hahax.thereafter, we took 107 to shaw towers. initially, we planned to go to suntec but since the bus passed by shaw, we just stopped there to watch movie. bought tickets for just like heaven then went walking again. fine, we walked a lot today. hahax. shaw towers is a quiet building... real quiet. but eh, the cherry tomatoes there are really nice... especially with salt. hahax...mmmmx... during the movie, we pratically had the whole cinema to ourselves. hahax. so empty and dark. hahahx... i kinda enjoyed the show lei... =)so... after the movie, walked to suntec. along the way, we saw this couple... secondary school couple la... they damn cute la. i was like observing the guy's hand la... kept rubbing against the girl's hand. then i was whispering to her, "want to hold then hold la.. hesitate so long for what?" then both of us were giggling to ourselves when suddenly, the guy wrapped his hand around her waist. hahax. woah... that was fast. =) hehex...oki.. so we reached suntec and then, had a really nice dinner there. spent money but what the heck la... was worth it. =)oh! then next,  we went to esplanade to walk walk. that place brought back a lot of memories for me la... i miss the friends i made there. then we went to the roof top... i miss jumping in the little stone fountain. hahax. for some strange reason, remembered shi min and her rubbish. dared me dance in the fountain.. thereafter, it became a post-performance ritual. hahax. then still got tracy and traci... hahax. traci is a guy by the way... and tracy a girl. and they are not related. hahax. cute pair.after we were done with the roof top.. went to the bay side to sit down and stare at the water. we sat at the same spot as i did with shi min, jie min, tracy, traci, marvin and tsian wei on our last night together. we were a nice team la... then some went overseas to study and mmmx, tsian wei went to larsella i think. lost contact thereafter. i really miss them... vaguely remember our childish little promise that we made there: "if we ever get seperated, we'll meet under the bridge." then jie min was like: "don't want... i want the merlion." then i went: "eh.. stick with the bridge... i dunno how to get there."then we were laughing for the next 2hours for no specific reason. hahax. i miss the times we had together. i loved them la... but well... today, i was at that very same spot with someone that i loved even more than them. hahax. i kinda teared when i thought of the team but yea, she was there, by my side... and it made all the difference. felt that warmth that i did when the team was still active for a split moment. it was more than enough. i felt happy and blessed. i am anyway. hahax. thanks god!hmmmx.. after that, we wanted to find a bus home. 107 wasn't looping to couldn't take it back. then she didn't want to take mrt at city hall so we ended up walking to look for the 107 that heads to hougang. sadly, after like walking back to shaw... we realised that the bus was inactive. hahax. 1 hour of romantic walk under the moon lo... hahax... took 100 to harbour front in the end and took mrt back home.oh yea! on the mrt, she slept la.. then i kinda noticed two girls staring at us... they were like giggling and all.. they looked kinda familar but couldn't tell who... haha... maybe they know me... oh no... =) ah... nvm them.. eventually, we both got home and yea... that's the end of today. =)it's been 3mth le... there's been extreme up and down moments... dare say, we've been through a lot tgt but well, we survived... hahax... it's been great and yea, it'll go on. =) it will... hahax... 


 blogged at 11:59 pm

0 comments




saturday, november 12, 2005
haix. i'm super upset now. don't you hate the feeling that when you put in so much effort for something and later, it goes unappriciated or even, disregarded? i know i hate that feeling - it hurts la!doesn't anyone know how hard it is a write a song? the lyrics alone is already one hell of a headache to come up with. let alone adding the melody then later harmony and all that nonsense. after you stay up for a whole night, get yourself so fustrauted and pissed then later, all your efforts go down the drain. in fact, they backfire. i dunno - i find myself damn stupid la.let me make it clear here: when i write a song, it is not because i'm talented or because i've a diploma in music theory... it's because i bothered to sit down, spend time and think. not only is it physically challenging,  it's also emotionally and mentally straining. i've always put my heart, soul and mind into any song that i write. each note, each chord, they all have meaning. some even coated with a tear or two. to me, music is a way of expressing myself - but it's a very difficult way to do so. my mood is extremely affected cause of the late nights i spend in front of the piano, writing and tearing up stuff i write until i find a perfect fit. i go without food, just water, so i can concentrate.the significance of each song i write? hmmmx... examinations? yea.. that's one reason. but well, that's the most stupid reason i write songs for. i know i love writing songs for god... well, at least i know somehow or another, he'd like what i write. and he'll appriciate it.. haix... and then, the other small group of people i write for are those who really take a place in my heart. still rmb, the first song i wrote was for my uncle derek who was going for some operation. yea - the song was dedicated to him and god... and he accepted god shortly after the operation... then the next song was written for someone but no one has ever heard it... it's in my "nicely composed but never to be heard" file. then next was for colleen jiejie.. cause yea, she really helped me survive through my o'levels. but well, again, no one has ever heard it before. so, the second piece that was specially written for someone that i really did present was for eh, her. then the piece i just wrote not more than an hour ago... well, it's going into that file again. if it's not appriciated, if all the pains i go through are disregarded, what's the point?i feel like scrapping the song but i really can't bring myself to do so. i'll just file it and one day, i'll just play it for myself.why don't you try? just try writing something? say a poem? you just try? make sure you're happy with it when it's done. make sure it means something. make sure it's the best you've ever written. you just try? you think it's easy?well, maybe some people will never understand.oh well... what can i do?i give up.. the more i write, the angrier i get. and yes, i'm angry. and i'm sad... and i'm hurt... and i'm so freaking tired of all these nonsense! why do i even go through so much trouble to write a stupid song for people who don't understand me! why!!!!!haix... so be it. next time i write a song, it's gonna be for god... that's all. he's the only one who understands them anyway.i give up. i'm putting this whole issue aside. writing to vent my anger... haha.. again, will you ever understand how it can be so? i dunno... but i hope so.haix. 


 blogged at 11:46 pm

0 comments




saturday, november 05, 2005
oh! have i abstained from blogging for a whole month? i think i have! wow! achievement! hahax...well, a lot has happened over the last month ba. chinese ao level examination is finally over so yea, now i can relax for a while. but still must bear in mind that i've got quick a huge pile of holiday homework to clear. will start on it right after op examination which is like in 5days time. argh... well, i can do it la... just have to find that hidden confidience within... and stop speaking like a bloody jamican. hahax. ah! just be myself and hide the damn nervousness la! hahax...relationship's going on just right. =) we got to know each other a lot better over the past month and yea, did quite a lot of things together. hahax. we had fun la. shall keep the happy moments to ourselves and not blog about it here ba. hahax. be selfish for once. lalala...interhouse drama preperations picking up le. finally, stajeworks is gonna go back into action. oki.. things to do:1. get the interhouse drama committee to get the basic admin work done2. meet willams and guru to enquire about the drama camp3. meet guru to clarify on members' profiling4. chase xinyu for minutes and help her create the profiles if neccessary5. complete script6. lias with bryan for the special script7. lias with council for the selling of tickets (if needed - tentatively on hold)yuppie. that's about all. hahax. work work! i love work! hahax. (i'm not being sarcastic - i really love work in this case... hahax...)mmmmx... oh yea! i've got the stupid sl-script to complete. oh no! i wonder how i'm gonna rush it out. tight deadline thanks to xavier. hehe.... but well, i'll try to meet it la... i'll make sure isadora and pearlyn have fun. zhenyin - hehex, i wonder what i'd do with her. and eh, i'll amuse myself with atikah and izarina. shannon - i'll be nice to him. wella and geraldine toh will play the good guys. =) hahax. wee! it's hardwork but well, it can be fun. especially cause got isadora, pearlyn and yes, especially zhen yin to work with. i'm so gonna have fun! hahax....oki... other things i have to do soon:1. prepare for cdp (i.e. get the required materials and motivate my damn group)2. bug mr. cheng for obs contact list and go shopping with the cca leaders if needed (to get my required things)3. buy a new bag!4. save money for europe5. make time for my cell group in church6. make time for the ensemble (settle the christmas nonsense before i leave for europe)7. complete my damn holiday homework8. bug mr. guru and miss williams for my literature texts so i can read in europe9. make time for ogl training10. compose more music11. form a band and try out new stuff with them! (will try to la... hehex...)12. plan what to get for mummy's birthday present (3rd decemeber - bear in mind rts theory. hahax.)*13. ^i'm not stating this but yea, i know what this is - very important one! hahax^ (13 is lucky number horx? hahax... well, at least it's my lucky number... and hers too i think. hahax.)yuppie! that's about it! and it's also about time to get to bed le. ah! hehex.. i'm a happy boy now! hahax. thanks god! hahax... well, time to turn in le! good night world! 


 blogged at 12:15 am

0 comments




friday, september 30, 2005
been quite awhile since i've had the luxery of time to go online, chat and blog.oki... it's not like i have the time now but what the heck la ok? i'm damn burnt out and shagged le. maybe sacturated would be a better term... yea, i guess it would since nothing is going in le.i'm running on super low energy and a very short fuse. my temper has been suprisingly supressed for the last 1 month or so already however, it's getting a little hard to control now. i hate it when i flare up. i'll try to control a little longer - the stress and pressure will go away really soon.haiya... no mood blog le - still got my literature to mug. oh well, i chose jc for myself so now i deal with my choice.back to work... again.... and again!!!! 


 blogged at 11:36 pm

0 comments










about me
chan jun kai
29th march 1988
affilations
anderson junior college
stajeworks
paya lebar methodist church









talk 
in my flooble chatterbox, a free javascript chat tag board / shoutbox / tagboard program for your xanga, diary, blogger or weblog | 
logic problems, math puzzles








deborah
donkey 2005
genevieve
germaine
harry
huilin
jia ying
jie jie
jolene
lydia
lynnette
nicholas
samuel toh
sarah yap
timothy yeo
tofu
vanessa
xinyu

yang
yi lin
yolanda
yvonne


get awesome blog templates like this one from blogskins.com
