












"le cetinelle" tuscany farmhouse b&b rooms, vacation apartment, pool

















































 


















"le cetinelle" farmhouse b&b rooms and vacation apartment with pool to rent in chianti, tuscany 































home
stay at "le cetinelle"

tuscany vacation apartment
our b&b rooms
our garden & swimming pool


activities

tuscan cooking lessons
our wine & olive oil
things to see and do in chianti near agriturismo “le cetinelle”
other activities


prices & reservation
getting here
about us
 















 
slide 1slide 2slide 3slide 4 



"le cetinelle" farmhouse b&b rooms and vacation apartment in chianti. stay at a working winery in tuscany.


“le cetinelle” bed and breakfast is situated close to the town of greve in chianti, but far from the hustle and bustle of daily life. with its breathtaking views over the chianti hills, you can see as far as florence and the area of san gimignano. the b&b offers you the possibility to enjoy peace and tranquility as well as being an excellent base for visiting some of the most beautiful cities in tuscany.
our b&b rooms are air-conditioned.
“le cetinelle” bed and breakfast is 600 metres above sea level and benefits from a particular microclimate, very different from that of the valley. during the summer it is much cooler. this is the best time to enjoy the garden and gaze at the stars at night, far from the lights of the town. in the winter it is much drier and sometimes the hills are tinged with white.


"le cetinelle" tuscany holiday apartment for 2 to 6 persons







agriturismo “le cetinelle” winery offers one self-catering vacation apartment (ca. 100 mq) with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room with double sofa bed and fireplace, and a kitchen, all located on the ground floor of the main country house.
our apartment sleeps from 2 to 6 persons. it is bookable for a minimum stay of one week and is the ideal choice for families, couples and people with mobility difficulties.
more about our tuscan vacation apartment.



"le cetinelle" b&b rooms with en suite bathrooms







b&b agriturismo “le cetinelle” offers its guests a choice of six double bedrooms with en suite bathroom, and breakfast served in the dining room. our b&b rooms are air conditioned and sleep a total of 12 persons.
each room is individually and tastefully furnished in tuscan country style. the bathrooms are completely modern. our b&b guests are free to use our swimming pool and gardens, as well as to cook light meals in the kitchen.
more about our tuscan vacation b&b rooms.



our gardens and pool







agriturismo “le cetinelle” main farmhouse is surrounded by a large garden where the swimming pool is ready for you to cool down and relax. there are panoramic views out over the chianti hills in every direction. we provide children’s toys and swings, hammocks, tables and chairs and sun loungers dotted around the garden for everyone to use.
more about our garden and pool.



our organic wines and olive oil







“le cetinelle” produces various tuscan wines, including chianti classico, together with extra virgin olive oil.
our wines and olive oil, which are certified as organic, are available for purchase, both to enjoy with your meals at “le cetinelle” and to take home with you to share with your friends.
more about our chianti wine and olive oil.





 all about agriturismo “le cetinelle”

https://www.cetinelle.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/agriturismo-le-cetinelle-bb-and-vacation-apartment-in-tuscany.mp4

 “le cetinelle” from the air
https://www.cetinelle.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/le-cetinelle.mp4

 tuscan cooking classes and dinners

here at le cetinelle, we are happy to provide tuscan cooking classes and traditional tuscan dinners for our guests.
if you enjoy italian food and are interested in learning the art of tuscan cooking or in eating a true tuscan dinner at your accommodations, this is the right opportunity for you!
more about our tuscany cooking lessons.














copyright © le cetinelle 2002-2025. all rights reserved. cin: it048021b5sbv979ei
                        

privacy policy


web site design, promotion and seo by ammonet infotech




















this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. click here for more information about the cookies used on this site.. 


