
clothing labels, woven custom clothing tags manufacturers - clothing labels 4u.com





















 

products


woven
clothing labels

apparel
labels
clothing tags
custom
labels
fashion
labels
personalized
labels
printed
labels

embroidered
patches
leather
labels
rubber,
silicone, pvc
iron on
labels & heat transfer patches
hang tags
care labels
color
size
stickers
in
stock
size tabs
made
in usa labels
custom adhesive clothing labels


 


 call
us
407-656-5534
(800-469-1301) 

email us
lisa@clothinglabels4u.com


need a quote?
(click here)


check out 


asi #45494 

 
 









 



 





home
| products | order | policies | links | contact | gallery
| blog
| colors
| in stock size tabs

new low min of  75 high quality custom woven labels

now offering hem tags !!no
    set-up fees, low minimums and quick turnaround!
      we are cpsia
      compliant !
checkout our new 
      abc quick custom hang tags and stickers 






custom
woven
clothing labels at affordable prices
low minimums and never a set up fee ! best quality custom labels out there !

your custom designs in vibrant colors- for all your clothing labels !
the perfect affordable finishing touch to
your clothing products is our custom woven cloth fabric labels
and clothing tags.
these are professionally woven cloth
labels used by many large garment manufacturers, designers,
and crafters who rely on our professional services. woven clothing labels
are the ultimate finishing touch! we have a very low minimum order
quantities and offer free samples of our work available to be sent to
you, unlike many woven
label manufacturers. choose from custom woven clothing
labels or adhesive
clothing labels and we also offer iron on camp clothing labels and iron on name tags. now you can have the same professional look with personalized custom
labels or iron
on patches as custom
clothing labels and hang
tags for your own garments or projects. personalized iron on clothing labels are inexpensive and fun. these custom clothing labels
come in your choice of damask labels,
taffeta labels, satin labels, or semi-damask fabric labels.
regardless of the configuration you choose for your name labels, we offer
exceptional woven clothing labels at affordable prices. we also specialize in kids clothing labels
for toddlers and children. we will custom design kids clothing labels
for cloth products and toddler clothing designs. many of our customers
create custom clothes for toddlers and user our custom child labels.
we're proud of
our labels... you will
be, too. we appreciate your visit today, and look forward to serving
you. .....
specializing in t shirt tags and labels and t shirt hang tags .........and now offering hem tags!!

check out our new
jeweled labels !!













hang
tags offering recycled in all shapes and sizes
with strings and pins !!






excellent customer service and quick turn-around times
our
custom woven clothing labels are made to your specifications including
logos, colors, and styles on your choice of fabric. we offer
professional services, quick turn-around, low prices, and very low
minimums with no setup fee on every label order. you've put a lot of
work and thought into creating the best products for your clients. now
put the finishing touch on them with customized clothing labels from
clothing labels 4u .com. 









embroidered
patches*




 
get the professional look you deserve.
see our gallery
of testimonials
page for many examples of what we have done for others and may be able
to provide for you.
ask for your free samples and see for yourself.
we will try to meet or beat any
competitor's prices! 
call today for a free price quote!

woven
labels and damask labels become damask woven labels
that you can use for sewing labels into your items. damask
clothing labels are the same things as sewing labels for clothing. they
can be generic or personalized sewing labels. clothing name labels are
offered as well as woven labels for clothing. the woven labels low
minimums
are very important to those who are just starting a clothing line.
garment labels and  woven labels for crafts are both good
options.
woven fabric labels tend to be more durable than woven printed labels. 
now
offering: woven labels, custom logo labels, woven wash care labels,
hand wash care label, woven labels damask, woven damask labels, iron on
clothing labels, woven labels, printed hang tags, brand labels, barcode
labels, custom iron on clothing labels, woven printed labels, woven
labels for crafts, logo labels, wash care labels, and woven labels for
handmade itemsclothing labels for you-  your one stop shop for all clothng labels 

 









no set-up fees!
low prices!
fast service!
low minimums!
best service!

we will try to meet or beat
any
competitor's prices!

call today for a free price
quote!


"i went with another company because their quote was cheaper,
which was a mistake because i am not happy with their work. so i will
need to make another order soon. "


"i am starting to understand
that to go with a lesser expensive company might not be the best option
in the long run for quality and great service, like you have provided
to me. it seems like these very low quotes may not be the quality we
are wanting for our clothing. i appreciate that you have been so
helpful with me on this as our company is just starting out
and i am learning the ropes"
-jeremy



 

500 custom woven logo clothing
labels from $299 *
(150 min. order up
to unlimited )
plus shipping no set up fees


 

copyright ©
2017- lisa
rosenberg bloomers 4u.com inc. dba clothing labels 4u.com®.
all rights reserved.
all trademarks & copyrights remain property of their respective
owners and may not be reproduced under penalty of law.
no portion of this site, including all text, artwork, and photographs,
may be copied or redistributed without prior written permission from
clothing labels 4u.com®. 
site map | press
releases | resources
 

 





google seo



