
nextup | non-profit advancing executive women in business join log inshopdonate join log inhome about the nextup team events event calendar forum conference summit conference speaker proposal training equity workshops leadership programs leadership assessments career development webinars for members nextup excellence awards help desk for companies partners communities regions volunteer ambassadors editorial hub job board submit a job form careers at nextup shopdonatesearchnextup rising stars our premier program for mid-level leaders is now open for registration! increase self-awareness, enhance leadership skills, and expand your network at nextup rising stars. learn morenextup director program the award-winning nextup leadership program for directors and sr. directors is now open. learn skills that will prep you for growth, strengthen your influence, inspire action and engagement, and help you play a bigger game. learn morelinkedin live: next up for nextup if you missed our linkedin live on jan. 15, you can still watch the recording to learn about everything we have coming up in 2025! watchnew nextup store now live check out our brand new merch store for beautiful nextup branded merch, and show off your commitment to advancing all women in style! shopnextup editorial hub check out our editorial hub for conversations with thought-leaders from across the nextup community! read morea powerful nonprofit communityfounded in 2001, nextup is the leading national membership organization that provides our community learning and hands-on leadership experiences to build the next generation of leaders and an inclusive workplace culture that advances all women in business.for companiessupport for leaders driving top-down change with workshops right where they worksee howfor companiesworkshops for equity-focused companiesfor membersleadership development for people on the movelearn morefor membersinspiring events offered regionally, nationally, and onlinesign upour partnersbecome a partnerjoin us for upcoming eventssee the calendareventwednesday, february 19, 2025 nextcup monthly coffee chat – boise detailseventwednesday, february 19, 2025 lead with story: leverage the power of narrative to connect and inspire detailseventwednesday, february 19, 2025 how to get out of your own way to advance your career with cathy sutherland detailsthe latest from nextupread more editorial series december 16, 2024 powertalks with the coca-cola company: eileen thanner in our powertalks with the coca-cola company series, we spotlight trailblazing women leaders like eileen thanner, chief operating officer at fairlife. in an industry where…read more editorial series december 9, 2024 powertalks with the coca-cola company: susanne hall nextup partners, such as the coca-cola company, serve as catalysts for transformation within their organizations, empowering their employees with professional development opportunities while promoting inclusive…read more elevating today's leaders and creating tomorrow's become a member building a member-first community of partner allies become a partnerpress & mediasubscribecontact ussolidarity statementnextup help centerbrand guide © 2025 nextup all rights reserved. terms & conditions | privacy policy×we use cookies to give you the best online experience. okprivacy policy 