


long term care, senior services, and eldercare resources - national care planning council












































home
eldercare services
books
articles
about
contact
faq
site map
members











home
eldercare services
books
articles
about
contact
faq
site map
members
join
state councils
resources
support & marketing tools






















senior services
care planning books
care planning councils
resources for seniors
support & marketing tools
organize a local council




providers and professionals,
do you help aging seniors and their families?









senior services from our members

› adult day care services
› alzheimer's facilities & care
› assisted living facilities & care
› care manager / geriatric care
› elder law
› eldercare agencies & associations
› estate planning
› funeral pre planning
› geriatric health care services
› guardian / fiduciary services
› health and wellness services
› home care services
› home maintenance / remodeling
› hospice care
› life insurance services
› life resource planning
› life settlements
› long term care insurance
› meal delivery services
› mediation services (family & elder)
› medicaid (medi-cal) planning
› medical alert & home safety
› medical equip & assistive tech
› medicare planning
› nursing home facilities
› online / local pharmacies
› placement management services
› relocate / real estate / downsize
› retirement communities with care
› retirement / financial planning
› reverse mortgage
› specialized elder care services
› tax, debt, & bill paying services
› transportation (elderly & disabled)
› trust administration & planning
› veterans benefits

veterans service officers

list of state & county veterans service officers.

join the ncpc

become a member of the national care planning council. click here to learn about the benefits of membership.

books for care planning

find books provided by the national care planning council written to help the public plan for long term care or obtain government benefits like medicaid or va pension.

state councils

the national care planning council has organized state care planning councils across the country. currently we have councils in the following states:
  alabama,  arizona,  arkansas, california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, ohio, oklahoma, oregon, pennsylvania, south carolina, tennessee, texas, utah, virginia, washington, west virginia, and wisconsin. 
 a state care planning council is a one-stop source of community providers and advisers who help aging seniors and their families deal with eldercare needs. state councils also provide a platform for local area planning groups – local care planning or elder planning councils – who are senior service providers and advisors. these local councils offer educational workshops in the community, and a variety of local senior services through a single contact.




      
      		welcome to (longtermcarelink.net) the 
      		national care planning council

we are the most comprehensive resource for eldercare, senior services and care planning anywhere. 
			    we publish articles, books, and guides to help you learn how to meet the needs of seniors. the providers and services listed under "senior services" 
		      are here to help with any retirement or eldercare need.


veterans benefits
find information about benefits available from  va that can help pay for home care, assisted living, or nursing care.


senior services
find companies and individual providers in your area who can help your family with senior care and long term care planning.


care planning books
find books  written by the ncpc to help you plan for and fund the finals years of life or learn how to obtain government benefits.


                         
                    




support and tools for professionals
the following were created for professionals working in the eldercare industry:
life resource & retirement planning system - new!
life resource planning will guide your clients while they prepare for their final years of life. our online questionnaire's will produce pdf surveys for your clients to help them plan for long term care, access government benefits, find sources of funding, set aside money for death benefits, preserve assets, and plan for medicaid.
local planning councils
                    build a team to promote and market your council services in your community.
support for those who help veterans
                    get accredited, stay accredited, and  help veterans and their families apply for benefits from the dept. of veterans affairs.

va accreditation study material
cle course to maintain va accreditation - now online!
a complete va application handbook (2025 edition)

the clrp™ designation (certified in life resource planning)
                  the society for life resource planning sponsors individuals who desire to earn the "certified in life resource planning" designation (clrp™).


elder care articles  & ncpc blog

adult day care services
ncpc - article | by the ncpc | september 4, 2023
adult day care services have been around for about 30 years. according to the national adult day services association (nadsa) there are more than 7,500 adult day services centers across the united states, adult day services and adult day health care are a growing source of long-term care. adult day programs serve as an emerging provider of transitional care and short-term rehabilitation following hospital discharge. continue reading.

decreasing the risk of dementia and alzheimer's
ncpc - article | by the ncpc | june 5, 2023
numerous studies have established a link between mental activity and education level and the risk of contracting alzheimer's. one study of nuns found that the more educated women had fewer cases of alzheimer's disease. autopsy analysis found that even though amyloid deposits were evident in individuals who did not have alzheimer's, those who were active mentally or highly educated seemed not to have been afflicted by symptoms. continue reading.

understanding aging and dehydration
ncpc - article | by the ncpc | april 3, 2023
dehydration - failure to consume adequate fluids to replace those that are lost - is a major problem for the elderly. about 10% of all hospitalizations are directly attributable to dehydration. seniors are particularly susceptible to becoming dehydrated. it can even result in death if severe enough. continue reading.

dealing with over medicating
ncpc - article | january 9, 2023
a major problem with medical treatment for the elderly is the large number of prescription medications the average older person is taking. on average a person over age 75 has five prescription drug medications and is using at least two over-the-counter medications as well is taking herbal supplements. continue reading.

dealing with copd
ncpc - article | by the ncpc | september 5, 2022
experts say that over a million people in the united states have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd). it is a chronic lung condition that includes bronchitis, emphysema or both. copd affects the airways and air sacs within the lungs, which makes breathing difficult and can result in a person becoming less active over time. an elderly person who has copd will easily become depressed, when dealing not only with breathing difficulties but other age related problems... continue reading.

finding the right nursing home
ncpc - article | may 2, 2022
nursing homes provide a cost-effective way to enable patients with injuries; acute illnesses or postoperative care needs to recover in an environment outside a hospital. nursing homes also serve chronically impaired individuals who are not expected to recover and who will typically die in the nursing home. continue reading...


                 
               




guide to planning for aging seniors

this comprehensive guide to planning for aging seniors is devoted to helping families understand the challenges aging seniors face and to direct them to all of the available government, community, and private resources for funding and care. 
we are happy to share this *free noncommercial resource with you in hopes it will help with your elder planning needs. this guide is the most comprehensive long term care planning material ever published (53 articles).





national care planning council books 

the national care planning council is a leader in providing books on timely subjects for long term care planning. below are five of our popular books.
"how to deal with 21 critical issues facing aging seniors"
                    "guide to navigating veterans & survivors benefits" (2025 edition)
                    "the 4 steps of long term care planning"
                    "protect assets from nursing home costs"



long term care benefits for veterans

long term care benefits include services from va health care, from state veterans homes and disability income programs such as compensation or the aid and attendance pension benefit.
request help from a veterans advocate
senior veterans service alliance
list of vet centers, va medical centers, and clinics
list of va cemeteries
list of state veterans nursing homes
list of state and county service officers






about long term care 

the need for long term care arises when an individual requires from someone else, assistance with medical care, daily activities, comfort, supervision or advice. most long term care is provided by family members.
read the article: about long term care
lists of eldercare services in your area
find a state care planning council



links to ltc news and interviews

these are links to online news sources and to online magazines that deal with long term care issues. we also provide a number of radio interviews dealing with long term care issues. these are interviews with experts in the field.
go to news and interviews
about long term care link (the ncpc)
national care planning council articles






about caregiving 

caregiving involves two groups of people who provide long term care. roughly 60% of all care is provided by family members who receive no pay for their time. these folks are usually called informal caregivers. the balance of care is provided by formal caregivers who are volunteers or paid professionals.
read the article: about caregiving 
find a professional advisor



need for long term care planning

even though long term care can be the greatest crisis an elderly person can experience, there is an appalling lack of preparation among older americans. scarce government funds and changing demographics make the need for planning even more critical than ever.
article: need for long term care planning
find a long term care planner






about long term care at home 

roughly 70% of all long term care is provided in the home primarily by a spouse, a daughter or daughter-in-law. more family caregivers are in the workplace or live far away and are finding it difficult to care for loved ones at home. help is available in a number of ways.
article: understanding family caregiving
find home care services
"the 4 steps of long term care planning"



7 steps of long term care planning

planning for long term care is a process for two generations. as a general rule, the older generation completes seven logical steps in this process. for a generation preparing for retirement the seven planning steps occur in phases before and after retirement.
article: 7 steps of long term care planning
find eldercare services in your area
read our new book about these steps






about home telehealth 

home telehealth is a useful home care service for rural areas where distances are great and nurses and aides find it difficult to visit patients. the home telehealth patient uses vital sign monitoring attached to a computer and consults with the home care personnel over the phone and using the computer to feed information.
read the article: about home telehealth
find telehealth services



knowing who to contact for help

most family caregivers simply don't know where to turn for help and advice. this is the largest article on the site and covers 11 vital services that all families should consider using. many of these services go unused, simply because of lack of knowledge. in most cases, these services could save time, money and caregiver stress.
article: understanding life resource planning
lists of senior care services in your area






about adult day care 

adult day care services have been around for about 30 years but providers have found it difficult to stay in business and families seem reluctant to use the services. this is unfortunate because this service can help people stay in their homes longer by providing medical care and giving care givers a rest. next year medicare may start paying for these services as an alternative to home care and this will give this industry a shot in the arm.
read the article: about adult day care
find adult day care services
find similar services



paying the cost of care

having money to pay for long term care when the time comes is probably the most important part of the planning process. for a younger generation, long term care insurance makes the most sense. for the older generation that hasn't provided funds for care, there are other options that might be available. but they never work as well as the insurance. this article also examines the past and future effect of inflation on various care services.
read the article: paying the cost of care
find a professional advisor
request help from the ncpc






retirement & care communities 

many active seniors are selling their homes and using the equity to purchase a retirement living arrangement on the seashore, in the mountains, in the desert or in the south where it's warm. some seniors find new living arrangements that offer various degrees of eldercare. this article examines the various retirement living arrangements for the elderly.
article: aging communities with personal needs support
find retirement & care communities



long term care insurance

this is the most in-depth and comprehensive treatment of long term care insurance available anywhere; either for sale or for free. for those of you who want all the details, including numerous charts, this is the article for you. estimates are that costs for this insurance are going up about 12% a year for the same buying age. you should not delay buying.
read the article: long term care insurance 
find a long term care insurance specialist






about assisted living 

prior to assisted living, elderly people who could not remain in their homes for various reasons had to go to a nursing home for care. assisted living is an alternative that provides a more homelike environment, a more stimulating atmosphere and is generally about 60% of the cost of a nursing home.
read the article: about assisted living
find assisted living
find alzheimer's facilities & care



wills, trusts & powers of attorney

this article discusses estate planning strategies for the elderly. this is not legal advice and an attorney should be used to prepare these documents. many elderly fail to provide these documents for their family and when the time for care comes, family are scrambling to try and straighten out the mess.
article: the importance of a will
find an elder law or estate attorney
find a trust administrator






about nursing homes 

for many care recipients long term care is an evolving process of losing more and more physical or mental capacity. a nursing home is usually the last stop in this process. the nursing home is equipped to handle medical problems, disability and in some cases behavior problems that cannot be handled by any other provider. because there are now so many other options for care prior to a nursing home, the trend is that residents on average are much sicker and older than in the past.
read the article: about nursing homes
find nursing homes in your area
find alzheimer's facilities & care



medicaid planning

medicaid planning has gotten a bad name because a handful of practitioners have abused the system and taken unfair advantage of taxpayers. but medicaid planning is really a useful strategy and is typically used to save what few assets are remaining for medicaid spend down and to provide adequate income for the healthy spouse at home. medicaid often robs the healthy spouse of a quality standard of living by not allowing enough needed assets and income.
read the article: medicaid planning
find a medicaid (medi-cal) planner
find medicare plans






about hospice care 

hospice care is a valuable service and generally under used except for terminal cancer patients. hospice allows for compassion and dignity in the process of dying. most families wait too long to have their doctor prescribe hospice from medicare. it should be considered at an earlier stage.
read the article: about hospice care
find hospice care



life insurance as a planning tool

the life settlement and a related product called a viatical allow an investor to free up cash for an individual by investing in that person's death. the investor purchases the individual's life insurance policy for less than value and then recoups the investment plus interest with the death payout when the insured dies.
read the article: life insurance as a planning tool
find a life settlement specialist






about medicare & va long term care 

medicare provides limited coverage for home care and for nursing home rehabilitation from a three day hospital stay. if the patient is not recovering, medicare eventually quits paying. medicare also covers hospice care. the va will also cover limited home care, assisted living and nursing home care under certain conditions. in addition many states have va state nursing homes.
article: understanding medicare
book: "how to apply for veterans benefits"
list of va state nursing homes
find a veterans benefits consultant



using a reverse mortgage

after 15 years, reverse mortgages are finally starting to catch on. a reverse mortgage (home equity conversion mortgage) allows someone to tap the equity in his or her home and use it for anything. there are no income or credit requirements for this loan. it's the same as any other loan -- you own the title and the bank holds a lien. there is no requirement to make payments while you are alive and still living in the home.
read the article: using a reverse mortgage
find a reverse mortgage specialist
request help






about medicaid long term care 

medicaid provides nursing home coverage for elderly people over age 65 and for younger disabled people on ssi. except for 13 states that test for income, in all other states, a person can receive medicaid nursing home if assets are less than $2,000 and income is not sufficient to pay the full cost of care. medicaid will make up the difference. medicaid waivers are used to cover home care and assisted living services in all states. but in many states nursing homes are favored over these waiver programs.
article: about medicaid long term care
find a medicaid planner
find an elder law attorney



using a care manager

elder or geriatric care managers are invaluable in helping family caregivers cope with the burden of caregiving. everyone should use a care manager when the time for care comes. unfortunately it's just the opposite. family think they can do it themselves and rarely spend the money. using a care manager is no different than using an attorney or a cpa. the family is confronting the maze of long term care services for the first time. the care manager has been there many times. a care manager will save time, money and stress.
read the article: using a care manager
find a care manager
request help from the ncpc






about area agencies on aging 

area agencies on aging are the designated managers for state service and planning areas. a service and planning area is a geographic area of the state with more than 100,000 people and containing a significant number of elderly over the age of 60 that can be effectively served by the area agency under the older americans act.
article: area agencies on aging
list of state aging units & area agencies
find a state care planning council



supplements, advantage plans, part d

this article explains how medicare and how medicare supplements work. space is devoted to explaining the new medicare advantage plans and the new medicare prescription drug, part d program. an effort is made to explain how they all fit together and the advantages of various coverages. in addition we have an extremely popular list for internet visitors linking to all 311 care providers for coverage.
read the article: supplements, advantage plans, part d
find a professional advisor
read the article: understanding medicare






depression in elderly care recipients 

a scholarly article on recognizing depression in those receiving care and recognizing that treating that depression could result in a better quality of life for the care recipient. dealing with depression may also relieve the stress on caregivers.
depression in elderly care recipients
find a geriatric health care practitioner



the caregiver's handbook

an excellent how-to-do-it book for caregivers, produced by san diego mental health services. contained here are 31 pages of great advice, tips and instructions on how to deal with an elderly loved one needing long term care.
article: the caregiver's handbook
find an elder or geriatric care manager






about medical care for the elderly 

there is a crisis in the health care treatment that elderly americans receive in this country. few doctors have training in providing health care to the elderly. as a result many seniors are  over-medicated and under-treated and their quality of life may be severely affected. with proper treatment many of the afflictions of the elderly could be substantially reduced. families should seek medical treatment through geriatric clinics or from geriatricians.
article: aging and the attitude of healthcare providers
find a geriatric health care practitioner



elder and family mediation services

a large number of families put up with family disagreements and family disputes and long lasting bitterness over the care of loved ones. many people don't realize that a simple process called mediation could put their family back together again. elder or family mediators bring disputing parties together and through mutual agreement and a written document help them to resolve their issues. this is an extremely valuable service.
elder and family mediation services
find an elder or family mediator






about elder abuse 

elder abuse is the "dirty little secret" of caregiving. estimates are that only about 10% of all abuse is ever reported. and it's possible that 10% of elderly and disabled americans suffer abuse at the hands of caregivers or family members. the most frequent abuse is not in nursing homes but in the homes of the persons receiving care. this could be neglect, physical abuse, verbal abuse or financial abuse where children are stealing assets.
read the article: about elder abuse
list of state protective services
list of state ombudsmen



professional home care services

although most home care is provided by family, friends or volunteers, there is a growing trend to hire paid individuals or professionals to provide this care in the home. traditional caregivers can't provide care because of full-time employment or parents live a long distance away. this article discusses the use of traditional home health agencies, live-in care providers and personal or non-medical home care companies.
article: professional home care services
find home health care
find similar services






technology & remote monitoring 

this article discusses assistive technology, which is the use of devices to help with disability. some of this equipment, labeled as durable medical equipment by medicare, will be covered by medicare. such things as bed lifts, wheelchairs and scooters as an example. also a variety of disability aids and help are discussed. another area of interest is remote monitoring of loved ones at home and the use of alarm or medical alert devices.
article: technology & remote monitoring
find assistive technology & disability aids
find remote monitoring and medical alert



senior citizen centers

senior centers act as a focal point for older americans to receive many aging services. they are a vital part of the aging network. for area agencies on aging, the senior center has become a place where many aaa services can be provided, where outreach and targeting can occur and where feedback can be received from the elderly.
read the article: senior citizen centers
find a professional advisor
find a state care planning council






reference materials 

for those of you who prefer to find your own source material, we have included reference material that we particularly like; sources we feel are rich in facts and figures. so far we have included 102 of these references. if you have a source that you particularly like, please let us know and we will include it on our listing.
go to the reference list
find a professional advisor



end-of-life services

this is a lengthy article that examines dying, final directives, grief and bereavement, palliative care, pain management, funeral arrangements, funeral services, funeral preplanning and pre-need planning. this last service has become quite popular in recent years where people prepay and preplan the entire final arrangements.
article: end-of-life services
find pre need funeral planning
find similar services





 









privacy policy | terms of use & disclaimercopyright © 2024 ncpc, inc. all rights reservedlongtermcarelink.net is owned by the ncpc
			

resources | guide to ltc planning | senior services site map | join | request help | contact | return policy









