








amusement advantage | guest experience solutions for attractions:  measurement ~> analysis ~> action!




amusement advantage | guest experience solutions for attractions:  measurement ~> analysis ~> action!

































 register as a shopper!
  shopper login   customer login







exclusive partner to the attractions industry since 1996


shoppers

registration
locations
shopper reviews
referrals
support
faqs
resources
travelling
nevada
warnings
shopper news


services

mystery shopping

covid concerns
group sales
birthday party sales
on-site birthdays
reward programs
historical reporting
mystery shop analysis


reputation management
funrating report
instant intercept
exit surveys
training & development
strategic partners


experience

clients
references
amusement parks
aquariums
bowling centers
entertainment centers
science centers
skating centers
trampoline parks
water parks
zoos
samples


about

background
our team
news
marketing


contact
 



 



select page


  
 
 














what are your guests experiencing?every aspect of their experience is important and can increase spending, impact return visits and drive social media.  our tools help you measure your guest experience, analyze the results and take action!
more info
 

 
 




attractions“we have harnessed the power of the data provided by amusement advantage to help our members celebrate their successes at meeting and exceeding their guest’s expectations and help detect areas of their operation where opportunities for improvement may be present.” – bill lupfer:  florida attractions association
more info
 

 
 




amusement / theme parks “amusement advantage has been a great partner in providing feedback. their evaluations are timely and actionable. our decision to utilize them has proven to be a great investment.”
– craig freeman:  cedar fair entertainment
more info
 

 
 




aquariums“the mystery shopping reports give us great insight into the guest experience and are invaluable in improving the way we interact with our visits.  we highly recommend their services.” – caroline fly:  aquarium of the pacific
more info
 

 
 




bowling centers“amusement advantage does a very thorough full center shop with pictures, narratives and even pointing out employees who made the experience memorable.  the report seems like something i would have received from an insurance investigator!”– jay trietley:  alley cats entertainment
more info
 

 
 




family entertainment centers“amusement advantage has proven to stand out above their competition.  i would recommend anyone looking to implement an affordable secret shopper program to consider them!”
– gregg borman:   apex parks group
more info
 

 
 




museums / science centers “the reports we receive are very detailed and thorough, which helps us identify where we can improve and where we are meeting and exceeding our guest’s expectations.“
– stephanie wood:  denver museum of nature & science
more info
 

 
 




skating centers“we worked closely to develop a specific shopper report that fits the needs of our company. we fine tune our shops on a regular basis and they work with us to accomplish our goals. i highly recommend them.”
– bruce aster:  united skates of america
more info
 

 
 




water parks“the thorough and useful reports are a great snapshot of what the guests’ entire experience is. it is a great addition to our in house surveying and we continue to find it well worth our investment.”
– terri adams:  schlitterbahn waterparks & resorts
more info
 

 
 




zoos“we selected amusement advantage based upon their demonstrated integrity, attention to detail, flexibility, and national presence. they have proven on numerous occasions that they can handle a variety of demands in a wide range of cultural attractions.”
– tim brantley:  service systems associates
more info
 

 
 
 
 
 




years exclusively in attractions industry

 


attractions evaluated each year

 


evaluations completed annually

 


professional contractor network

 
 
 






measurement:
obtain objective detailed feedback from real customers in your market with mystery shopping evaluations and exit surveys, customized to your organizations needs.  get more online reviews with reputation management.

 
 
 




analysis:
discover actionable insight through comprehensive reporting, historical comparison data, industry benchmarking, in-depth performance analysis and online review and social media analysis.

 
 
 


i

action:
create and implement proven training, coaching and reward strategies with experienced industry consultant support to capitalize on the data captured and analysis gleamed.  manage online reviews and social media publishing.

 
 
 




 
 
iaapa expo 2024!
see us at booth #4219
schedule meeting

 
 
 




s

shopper / vendor warnings:
beware of various fraudulent advertisement and check/money order cashing scams using our company name!  click here for details.

 
 
 
 
 



industry partnerships/memberships:
         
        
 
 
 
  


 
 
 







facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube



home
shoppers
services
experience
about
contact


 


12650 w. 64th ave, #e-426 arvada, co  80004    
copyright © 1996-2025 amusement advantage, inc.    
 

 
 
 


celebrating
28 years
of service!




























