





aquatics gb | the home of aquatics in great britain






































































events







results






more







search term









news


swimming news


para-swimming news


diving news


artistic swimming news


water polo news


general news


news archive




events and tickets


athlete profiles


swimming profiles


para-swimming profiles


diving profiles


artistic swimming profiles




performance


swimming


para-swimming


diving


artistic swimming


anti-doping




rankings, records, results


rankings


records


results




browse by sport


portal


about us


member resources


contact us


child safeguarding


whistleblowing policy



find out the latest
















browse by sport





swimming







para-swimming







diving







artistic swimming







water polo










aquatics gb use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience.some are strictly necessary for this website to function and cannot be switched off. with your permission, analytics and functional cookies may be set by us or by a third party provider to further improve the user experience and enhance our website. read our cookies policy.


i accept these cookies
i reject these cookies













news page

evans and morgan shine on brilliant bucs weekend
angharad evans and oliver morgan completed eye-catching gold-medal hat-tricks as they starred across a breathless three days of british universities and colleges (bucs) swimming championships action over the weekend.
read more












news page

aquatics gb launches athlete-focused "open doors" initiative
five swimmers are throwing themselves into a unique work experience opportunity as they take part in the first-ever aquatics gb open doors project.
read more












news page

trailblazer figueiredo stepping away after historic aquatics gb diving successes
jane figueiredo is leaving aquatics gb after a decorated career with british diving that has seen her guide athletes to the very top achievements in the sport.
read more












news page

harper and cutmore on top in diving winter cup finale
the conclusion of the 2025 aquatics gb diving winter cup saw yasmin harper and ben cutmore step up their game from prelims to final to secure a spot on top of the podium.
read more


















event schedule | aquatics gb swimming championships 2025

the 2025 aquatics gb swimming championships will take place at the iconic london aquatics centre on queen elizabeth olympic park from 15th-20th april 2024, with the event playing a key role in the selection of both our swimming and para-swimming world championship teams.














aquatics gb e-news sign up

sign-up to receive updates about our future events & ticketing, athlete news, partner offers and everything aquatics leading into paris 2024 and you could win big with aquatics gb














the aquatics gb awards 2024

this year's awards take place on 16th november, celebrating successes across the aquatic disciplines over a historic 2024 season.









featured athletes all athletes 




diving



tom daley
learn more about world champion tom daley. from his latest results to upcoming events - find out more now.






dob


21 may 1994



coach


jane figueiredo



club


dive london



main event


10m platform



best result


olympic champion



medals (int/nat)

37
25
26











para-swimming




matthew redfern



0
1
1


best result
world bronze medallist








swimming




james wilby



15
16
11


best result
world champion












featured events all events 



15 apr 2025









aquatics gb swimming championships 2025
 london aquatics centre

 tickets available





19 jul 2025









aquatics gb next gen championships 2025
 ponds forge isc









latest news all news 



general

aquatics gb welcome two new board appointments
aquatics gb is pleased to confirm the appointments of swim england-nominated directors sara todd and joan wheeler to its board.
 5 feb 2025





swimming

dale joins aquatics gb as new swimming performance pathway lead
aquatics gb is pleased to confirm the appointment of euan dale as our new performance pathway lead - swimming.
 4 feb 2025





diving

houlden doubles up on gold as spendolini-sirieix shines
andrea spendolini-sirieix looked sharp in her opening 10m platform competition of 2025 to follow jordan houlden onto the top step of the podium in pond forge, as the sheffield diver secured springboard victories across back-to-back days of the aquatics gb diving winter cup.
 1 feb 2025








join the aquatics gb mailing list
be the first to know about future events & ticketing, athlete news, partner offers and everything aquatics leading into paris 2024 and beyond.
sign-up now






partners
jobs
volunteer
officials
media
contact us






funding partner









official technical and apparel partner









isobar official innovation partner


















