






michigan online business directory, michigan dining directory, great lake states information, great lake states sports, great lakes states travel, great lakes states chambers, michigan chamber of commerces






























































since 1997, greatlakesonline.com has been bringing internet 
traffic to “michigan businesses”.  
business listings on the directory**
restricted to michigan businesses only. to get a listing is quick and easy. just click 
on the paypal button and fill in the form and your listing will be up within 30 days.
restaurants listed on the dining directory**
we only list michigan restaurants, pubs and eating establishments. to get a 
listing is quick and easy. just click on the paypal button and fill in the form and your 
listing up within 30 days.
chambers, information, sports, travel and attractions**
these are re-directs to sites within states in the great lakes areas.  
greatlakesonline.com does not have any of the information to forward to you.  you will 
have to follow the links.
chamber of commerce links for michigan cities will be listed. if you have a link for a 
city that is not listed, please email us. links to chambers, information, sports, travel or 
attractions from any area outside of the great lakes area are not allowed and will not 
be accepted.
**small disclaimer:  all listings are pre-approved before being added to the directory.  
profanity or explicite sites will not be listed.  lr associates, inc. reserves the right to deny 
any listing.



© lr associates, inc. all rights reserved. 


greatlakesonline.com


site index


michigan directory and great lakes information


since 1997






this domain for sale - click for details

















- business directory- alphabetic categories - add listing- michigan- michigan info/news- illinois info/news- indiana info/news- minnesota info/news- new york info/news- ohio info/news- ontario info/news- pennsylvania info/news- wisconsin info/news











made with xara 


since 1997, 
greatlakesonline.com has 
been bringing internet traffic 
to “michigan businesses”.  
business listings on the 
directory**
restricted to michigan 
businesses only. to get a listing is 
quick and easy. just click on the 
paypal button and fill in the form and 
your listing will be up within 30 days.
restaurants listed on the 
dining directory**
we only list michigan 
restaurants, pubs and eating 
establishments. to get a listing is 
quick and easy. just click on the 
paypal button and fill in the form and 
your listing up within 30 days.
chambers, information, 
sports, travel and 
attractions**
these are re-directs to sites within 
states in the great lakes areas.  
greatlakesonline.com does not 
have any of the information to forward 
to you.  you will have to follow the 
links.
chamber of commerce links for 
michigan cities will be listed. if you 
have a link for a city that is not listed, 
please email us. links to chambers, 
information, sports, travel or 
attractions from any area outside of 
the great lakes area are not allowed 
and will not be accepted.
**small disclaimer:  all listings are 
pre-approved before being added to the 
directory.  profanity or explicite sites will 
not be listed.  lr associates, inc. 
reserves the right to deny any listing.






© lr associates, inc. all rights reserved. 


greatlakesonline.com


site index



michigan directory & great lakes information


since 1997







this domain for sale
 click for details










homedirectory- michigan business categories- alphabetical categories- add listingdining directoryattractionssportschambers- michiganinformation- michigan info/news- illinois info/news- indiana info/news- minnesota info/news- new york info/news- ohio info/news- ontario info/news- pennsylvania info/news- wisconsin info/newsdisclaimer







