


gabriel p. weisberg homepage


















toggle navigation








home
biography
area & artist specializations
books
catalogues
exhibitions
events
articles & essays
students
links

more 

area & artist specializations
articles & essays
students
links












				since the mid 1970's gabriel p. weisberg has prepared a series of comprehensive exhibitions,
				catalogues, books, and articles that have focused on a series of themes affecting french art
				from the middle of the nineteenth century until world war i. many of these museum based
				exhibitions, and publications, have played a role in redefining issues and reconceptualizing
				the ways in which movements and artists in this era are now viewed or discussed.
			
dr. weisberg's examination and study of many artists - including jules adler,
				albert besnard, françois bonvin, jules breton, jean-charles cazin,
				p.a.j. dagnan-bouveret, jules-alexis muenier, théodule ribot, as well as art nouveau
				artists, and their sponsor siegfried bing - have helped reestablish an awareness and
				appreciation of these artists work. two other areas of art history dr. weisberg has studied
				are art criticism in his examination of the career of the art critic philippe burty, and
				japonisme, areas that came out of his work on burty and bing. in combining this study with
				considerable field research dr. weisberg continues to be actively involved in the
				reappraisal and contextualization of many late nineteenth century art historical issues.
			

				most recently dr. weisberg's work on japonisme and the associated 'japanomania' exhibition
				were featured in the 
				february 2016 issue of finnish national gallery research.


				the japanomania exhibition opened in february 2016; attendance in helsinki, finland set
				records. the show went on to oslo, norway where it was shown in two museums. a similar,
				large enthusiastic audience continually attended the exhibition.
			

				the catalogue was published in five separate language editions. the english edition of
				japanomania has been distributed by yale university press.
			





					call for papers for journal of japonisme
				

				along with professor willa silverman of penn state university and dr ricard bru of the
				institute of culture in barcelona, dr weisberg is a member of the editorial board and is the
				managing editor of the journal of japonisme.
			

				the journal of japonisme is a multi-disciplinary, global publication and dedicated to
				all aspects of the japonisme movement from the first appearance of the name in france in the
				1870s until the 21st century. the journal is open to new ideas and findings from
				wherever they might be found. the first issue of the journal of japonisme appeared in
				february 2016, the second in september, 2016. the latter contained an extensive review of
				japanomania (as seen in helsinki) by annika johnson, now a fellow at the smithsonian
				institution in washington, d.c.
			

				you can find up-to-date information by visiting the journal of japonisme page on brill's
				website,
				brill.com/joj.
			


 
contact

				gabriel p. weisberg, telephone: (612) 340-1408; fax: (612) 340-1408;
				email: vooni1942@aol.com.
			






    telephone: (612) 340-1408; fax: (612) 340-1408; email: vooni1942@aol.com.
  








