



home

























home

about us


elders & deacons


staff


what to expect when you visit


history



contact us

giving

videos

directory (members only)

young adults

youth

midwest youth

watch live
 




emporia avenue church of christ








1144 s. emporia avenue • wichita, ks 67211



























sunday morning worship service is broadcast live at 10:30 am (central).  the website live stream player features a rewind/pause function limited to 30 minutes, so if you need to step away for a few minutes, or if you are a little late, we've got you covered! 








     watch live!


      (sunday mornings only)















































the church of christat emporia avenue welcomes you!

thank you for stopping by. we are a family of christians striving to follow god's word and share the good news of christ to all who will listen. we are happy to reach out to help you feel welcome when you visit us. feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns you might have. 


 









our mission

the emporia avenue church of christ exists to spread the truths of jesus’ saving grace to as many people as possible, to encourage and strengthen each member through words and deeds, and to follow jesus’ example of love, compassion, purity, and action.

our vision

to be known as the foremost place in our community to go to learn biblical truths, to find compassionate care that helps fulfill real needs, to experience love extended to every soul, to learn how to be a servant of jesus, and to be part of a loving family that stands firmly in the middle of the bible.

our values

faith in jesus christ as the son of god and only saviorthe inerrancy of scripturelove for souls and for each otherservice to the body of christ, to our community and to the worldintegrity in every aspect of our workcongruity between bible teachings and our lives





service times

looking for upcoming events? we've got you covered!





location

1144 s. emporia wichita, kansas 67211





about us

looking to learn a little bit more about who we are? awesome, we'd love to help.





contact us

have any questions or concerns? give us a shout, we'd love to hear from you.
 


connect with us







facebook

keep in touch & share







twitter

follow us & stay tuned








service times











sunday class sunday worship  wednesday class thursday class 




9:30 am 10:30 am6:00 pm 7:00 pm 10:30 am





















emporia avenue church of christ

address:

1144 s. emporiawichita, ks 67211

telephone:

316-262-8045

office hours:

mon-fri 9:00 am to 1:00 pm

email:

info@thechurch.cc



navigation

home

about usleadershipwhat to expect when you visithistory

contact us

giving

videos

midwest youth for christ

live stream




service times

sunday bible class9:30 amsunday worship10:30 am6:00 pmwednesday bible class7:00 pmthursday bible class10:30 am



emporia avenue church of christ © 2021 - privacy policy














