





torrington club | district 50071


























skip to content
skip to navigation




torrington club
district 50071





homeabout us
contact us
district organizational chart
privacy










aquatics center completion

posted on august 18, 2017  by  mason taylor


at first look, it would seem that the contractual workers committed an error. there, on the locker room dividers at the new torrington, are electric blow dryers. instead of being at sink level for accommodation, they’ve been hung six feet off the ground.
at that point it hits you.
that is only one of around 45,821 little subtle elements you may disregard however is confirmation of the consideration paid to make the torrington a national grandstand.
this place will be stunning, says ricky wilkinson, the venture administrator speaking to the city of torrington. it’s something to be glad for.
the $22.4 million office has just experienced its beta testing. the legacy pool, the current 50-meter pool with a retractable rooftop that was the centerpiece of the old torrington, has scarcely missed a stroke in the development procedure. the instructional pool, for little children, swim classes and seniors treatment sessions, and all socioeconomics in the middle of has been open for almost two months.

presently comes the formal make a plunge the pool with nearby swim groups and the presentation of the crown gem, the 50-meter competition pool, intended for speed and for onlookers, with 1,400 seats. the pool has a glass divider on its south side, empowering a perspective of brahan spring lake and, off out yonder, monte sano.
it is trusted that the legacy and competition pools give torrington the country just two 50-meter rivalry pools under a similar rooftop.
it does right by me to state we conveyed a world-class amphibian office, says chris oneil. there is brilliant symmetry here. oneil is a standout amongst the most finished swimmers in torrington history and he sharpened his specialty in the legacy pool. presently, he has made a heritage himself, as the city of usa facilities construction project manager. he assumed an influential position on a group of visionaries that saw the potential in a stupendous swim focus.
the city had a decision to make with respect to the torrington center, the antecedent to this office. the old place required a facelift. at that point when downtown improvement required the end of the williams aquatic center, there was the requirement for a pool to serve that customers interest for an activity and instructional pool.
itll pay profits for a considerable length of time to come, predicts oneil. not exclusively will the middle serve inhabitants for their recreational swimming, however it will have neighborhood meets beginning with the torrington yearly city meet july 7-9 and will give the usa sports commission and different substances a property with which they can allure significant occasions into the city.
i dont know about another office in the south that will have the capacity to touch it with regards to aquatics, says steve ivey, director of the city of torrington parks and recreation department. would have been ready to put on swim meets that convey several individuals to huntsville.
its swimmer-accommodating, intended to be quick: i anticipate well observe nearby records broken as well as when could have a national-bore occasion well observe national records broken here, says oneil.
first laps in the new pool!
there is a moveable bulkhead that can change the eight-path, 50-meter setup into a 16-path, 25-yard pool, swimming crossways. there is aberrant lighting to maintain a strategic distance from reflection into swimmers eyes on the beginning pieces. the pieces themselves are olympic-bore.
it’s onlooker cordial, intended for fans and families: the glass divider dispenses with that vegas syndrome of being gotten inside throughout the day with no thought of the time. the feel is satisfying. there are snack bars on the concourse and a lot of stopping.
a detailed ventilation framework will keep air streaming and maintain a strategic distance from dinky water that must be stunned with chlorine, which is regularly vital on the last day of meets, and which leaves the air thick with the compound odor. a sound framework is incorporated that can achieve every one of the three pools, or be restricted to each one in turn.
a detailed ventilation framework will keep air streaming and maintain a strategic distance from dinky water that must be stunned with chlorine, which is regularly vital on the last day of meets, and which leaves the air thick with the compound odor. a sound framework is incorporated that can achieve every one of the three pools, or be restricted to each one in turn.



posted in education

tagged community, torrington, we are




pet adoption specials

posted on august 10, 2017  by  mason taylor


the fox memorial clinic has too many kittens and adult cats and is asking for the communities help. at the humane society you can adopt cute and cuddly kittens for $10.  the adult cats are free to adopt.
don’t worry, the $10 kitten adoption fee accounts for their trained staff to vaccinate, microchip, license, and spay or neuter the cats.  dogs and puppies are also available for adoption and range from $25 to $80 for an adoption fee.
 
visit fox memorial located at 701b russell road newington, ct 06111 on weekdays between the hours of 9am to 5pm.  fox memorial is closed on saturday and sunday.
for more information, visit fox memorials website, or by calling (800)-452-011



posted in pets

tagged community, growth, pets, torrington




new business growth

posted on july 26, 2017  by  mason taylor


we would like to welcome several new businesses to our community.
the first is a landscaping company who specializes in mulching, weed control, irrigation, and yard maintenance.

the second new business to our area is a window replacement company who specializes in replacement windows, siding, attic insulation, and roofing. they have a long reputable history serving others communities, and are working to expand their business here by opening up a shop and a showroom in downtown torrington. they are currently offering many discounted services including replacement of vinyl siding, pella windows, and energy efficient windows. for more information please feel free to contact them using their old website link. 



posted in education

tagged community, education, torrington




welcome torringtons newest members to the force

posted on july 26, 2017  by  mason taylor


we have been tracking the progress and development of 4 cadets belonging to the huntsville police department’s academy class. they graduated in the previous week and for the next 14 weeks, they will continue working with the training officer. 
john (left) james (center) mary (right)
the name of the four graduates is john smith ( 21), james williams ( 22), mary jones ( 28 ) and jennifer johnson ( 26 ). all of them are from torrington and they are willing to share their training experience with kevin joseph, torringtons local writer. 
anyone who is aware of the training procedure will know that the training always ends with a twist at the end. 
the four shared their experience about how they had to wear huge uncomfortable padded suits and how they were tear gassed. they also talked about their experience of firing a weapon. they also had to handcuff a criminal as a part of the training procedure. from their experiences, we got to know that the training was quite rigorous and even small victories in training meant a lot. 
 
however, all of them were unaware of the date of the final physical training exam. 
 
james williams said, ” all of us thought that the final training was scheduled for another day. that is why we went outside to have lunch. 
john and james went outside for a barbecue lunch. mary headed to burger king for a meal. 
john said,” after some time, we got to know that the test was scheduled on that day only. we just had 2 hours to digest our lunch. 
we somehow ended up digesting our lunch, james exclaimed. ” even now, i am afraid of trying out barbecue after that experience. 
however, when asked to describe their graduation day, all 4 of them agreed that notwithstanding the final experience, it has been an ecstatic experience for them and they were relieved after their graduation day. 
 
james said, ” i feel like a totally different person. i was with my parents near birmingham when i received the job offer. moving here was a completely new experience for me. except for my aunt, i knew no one else here”. 
 
there is one interesting thing which is common between all the four of them. all of them were inspired by another police officer to join the force. 
 
james also thanked his father saying that without his constant support, he wouldn’t have been able to make it so far. 
 
john said, ” my father was a cop in chicago and the impact that he made in the community really inspired me. saying everyone greet him and thank him made me realize that being a police officer will help me make a difference in the society”. 
 
mary grew up in mason court and because of her feisty nature, she was advised to stay away from the police. mary said” as i grew up, i was inspired to join the police by school resource officer, jack smith. he was my main inspiration as i grew up and i am very thankful to him”. 
 
the story of patricia is more interesting. once she fell asleep while driving and her car was dangling over the water when a police officer rescued me. ” this incident really touched me and motivated me to join the police force”. 



posted in personal growth, police

tagged community, education, growth, police, torrington




volunteering in torrington

posted on july 10, 2017  by  mason taylor


there are many benefits which come with the act of volunteering. you make other people happy as well as making yourself happy. if you will like to make your community a better place, then you should start by the act of volunteering. there are different ways you can volunteer. you can commit your time to helping the community; contribute towards a charitable course among other ways. different people are gifted differently; you can use your gift and technical abilities to volunteer towards helping your community. here are some of the benefits you enjoy by volunteering to help the community:
volunteering connects you to others
there are organizations, people and even animals in your community which need some form of help for them to be happy. you make a great impact even if you volunteer a small task. it is easy for you to make new friends if you can volunteer to help others in the community. new friends and contacts will expand your friend base which will make you part of the community. it is easy for people to relate with you after they remember the good deeds you offered the community. children and adults in the community will see what you do when volunteering. it will impact their lives in different ways which will make you increase your social and relationship base.
volunteering is good for your mind and body
there are many benefits you enjoy both mental and health after you decide to volunteer in torrington. you can easily counteract the effects of stress, anxiety, anger among other effects if you embark on helping other people. a meaningful connection with other people in the community is very effective in relieving stress. you stand a better chance of improving your mood if you decide to volunteer in helping pets in your community. the act of volunteering makes you happier, aids in combating depression as well as increasing yourself confidence. remember you volunteer in areas you are good at. other people will admire the way you are effective which will boost your self-confidence. your physical health improves after you decide to become a volunteer.
volunteering can advance your career
if you will like to improve in your career path, you can easily do so out of volunteering. it makes it possible for you to interact with other people in your field of specialization as well as gaining new skills which are necessary in your career advancements. you learn technical skills in your career through volunteering in the field. in most cases, employers take into consideration your career before they can hire you. you are in a better position of gaining the necessary experience out of your volunteering activities.
volunteering brings fun and fulfillment to your life
if you will like to explore your interest and passion in different fields, then volunteering is the best way for you to go about it. you can escape from your day to day work, school or even family commitment which will make your life fun. there are several people who volunteer to spare time for hobbies out of other work life. there is no fear of being followed by your boss after you decide to volunteer.
 



posted in charity, personal growth




torrington club 5k run: all proceeds going to the habitat for humanity charity

posted on july 6, 2017  by  mason taylor


we are happy to announce that as of this afternoon we have had 4 of our club members as well as 18 of our local business members sign up for our 5k run.
the current price for admission (including free t-shirt provided by chads graphics) is listed at $20. for each registered runner, we will be adding a $5 donation in addition to your $20 to the habitat for humanity charity fund. 
contact us for more details at donnas tap or by phone at 619-756-7080. 
remember tell your friends and family, we are hoping to get 50 or more runners to meet our donation goals.




posted in charity

tagged community, habitat, torrington




sponsoring a foreign exchange student

posted on june 27, 2017  by  mason taylor


cultural differences, language and miles sometimes make us feel worlds apart. however, when you decide to welcome into your home an international exchange student, you quickly discover they become family.
hosting a foreign exchange student over the summer comes with benefits for both the hosting family and the student. you both will learn how “worlds apart” could, in fact, be very close together through experiences and conversations at home, school and community.
students acclimate to a new environment through such living situations, learning about a new culture and practicing a new language. they experience immersions in a foreign culture in a safe and affordable manner. their parents have peace of mind knowing that their children are in a safe home and well cared for while they live in a foreign country.
hosting international students can also bring many benefits to the host families. families may choose to host a foreign exchange student for various reasons: to forge friendships, to provide a learning experience for students from another country, and to exchange cultural insights. some host families exchange students every year, fact that denotes that the experience is a good one.
here are more benefits a hosting family may enjoy when opening their home to a foreign exchange student.

1. expand your family’s horizons
housing a foreign exchange student is a great option for a family that wants to provide for their children a flexible, open and expanded worldview. since these international students want often to learn during their stay as much as they can about the host’s culture, many of them are also happy to discuss their own cultures and countries with their host family. this can open a whole new perspective for your children and help them see the world in a new way. your children will learn to accept and respect the cultures and peoples of the world. you will introduce your family to new music and foods, a new language, and an entirely new culture. as you share experiences with someone from across the globe, your family will gain a new perspective, seeing the world with fresh eyes.
2. send your own children to study abroad
by taken part in a hosting and student exchange program, many host families open the possibility that their own children are placed in other countries. this way, it becomes much easier to send your own children to study aboard.
3. help a student reach his/her potential
watching a person develop, grow, and succeed in life is a great reward for your efforts. by providing hosting to a foreign exchange student you help that person to reach their potential. you can feel proud for your role as a host for international students in helping young adults or teens grow and develop.
3. earn extra income
you may also receive a compensation for hosting an international student. this way, you can earn an extra income for your household. this also ends up being a better financial option for visiting student’s parents because it costs them less than they would pay for living expenses and pricey dorms.
4. expand your family
through the foreign exchange student you can build lifelong friendships with someone from across the globe.
5. make a difference
by hosting an international student, your support the cultural awareness and diversity in schools and throughout the community.



posted in education

tagged education, europe, foreign exchange, student




building a new playground in torrington

posted on june 27, 2017  by  mason taylor


playground plans to enable kids enjoy all the benefits of play
play is undoubtedly one of the most important factors that influence the growth and development of a child. it helps the child to grow into a well-rounded person by promoting his/her physical, cognitive and social development. lack of enough free, spontaneous play does not only hamper development but also harms a developing child.
understanding a child’s natural yearning for physical activity and providing them with the appropriate playground structures is giving them a gift they will enjoy throughout their lives. they will learn how to engage in healthy exercise from an early age, which will lead to a lifetime of healthy and happy living.
functions of an ideal playground for kids aged 6 to 12 years

the key functions of a playground include:
– promoting physical activity: physical exercise has endless benefits to children – emotional well-being, resilience, positive mood, and so on. and who can forget that obesity levels among children are rising by each dawn. in 2014, the american academy of pediatrics declared obesity and overweight a national emergency. it also indicated that prevention through play is the only sustainable solution to these health problems.
– encouraging social interaction: children develop values and skills such sharing, empathy, negotiating and leadership through social interactions on the playground.
– supporting creativity and problem-solving: some play experiences trigger cognitive development in children. in children who are around 6 years of age, play helps to improve sensory stimulation. in older children, especially those approaching adolescence, creative play enables for development of coping skills so that the child develops flexibility towards problems.
studies have shown that there is a big correlation between physical activity and cognitive function.
 
playground structures that meet playground functions effectively
effective playgrounds have particular play space designs and structures to ensure that the children benefit fully from the playground functions. below are critical considerations to make when planning on playground designs and structures:
1. include space for active play
multipurpose open spaces allow children to engage in a wide variety of activities including running, crawling, jumping, gross motor activities and so on. adding balls, toys, building materials, beanbags, and other playing equipment adds flexibility into the space so that every child can find something exciting to do.
2. accommodate all demographics and backgrounds
for the children to interact and socialize freely, the playground should be highly accessible to children of varying backgrounds. children of different ages and abilities should be able to access and enjoy the playground and interact with peers.
it’s therefore inherent that considerations are made about path width, surface texture and play structures and equipment with reference to children’s various physical abilities. walkers, wheelchairs and other mobility aids should easily access the playground. the point is, when setting up the playground, think about every child that will need to play on the play space.
3. include natural elements
studies have shown that children portray higher levels of physical activity when the playground combines manufactured equipment with natural materials. trees, long grass, boulders, stumps, water, sand, pebbles and so on makes the landscape more beautiful and welcoming. natural materials provide variety, adventure, and interest.
such a combination makes for a high-quality play space that encourages children to grow both physically and intellectually. it creates an environment with elements of risk and challenge. children can create their own challenges such as hide and seek games, climbing over boulders, and jumping off tree stumps. they can engage in activities of varying difficulty and complexity, thus enhancing their physical, social and cognitive capabilities.
4. safe and hazard-free play space
playground safety requires careful consideration of the children’s ages and abilities. adult supervision is also highly required in outdoor play spaces. when planning for a play space, it’s important to go through regulatory codes in the locale. for every state, there are specific building codes and childcare licensing regulations relating to the design and equipment that a playground should have.

if you are planning for enhancements and changes to a children’s playground, it’s good to first consider what you want the children to have. focus on the movement opportunities that the children have, then go ahead and choose the equipment and surfaces that will best accomplish this objective. another key thing to remember is that safety comes first. many parents would better have their child relax on a bench rather than letting them hurt themselves when playing on an unsafe playground. therefore, make the entire playground environment unquestionably safe for the children.
with a safe, creatively designed and adequately equipped playground, you can give a child a gift that will keep them smiling all the way to old age; and that is play.



posted in personal growth, playground

tagged children, community, growth, playground




torrington club founding beliefs

posted on june 27, 2017  by  mason taylor


the torrington club is usually explained as a service organisation that works on various projects related to national and international civilization.  when we feel that a person with whom we are talking with can be a good rotarian or when someone asks us about the functions of rotary club we implore them to join other like minded individuals.  usually we overlook the explanation that after joining this great club, an individual can help himself as well as other grow.
according to our belief one can mainly get three items after joining and being engaged in the activities of this club, as i have observed during my life as rotarian; personal development, professional growth and family values.
the opportunity of association you get in the torrington club provides you personal development. the people we meet through this club may not have come in contact with us otherwise, and most likely would not have had the impact on society that they would have otherwise. these relationships allow us to know what others are doing in their personal and professional life, such as their professions, interests and hobbies which can also encourage us to improve our life. when we complete certain service mission with other rotarians it helps in make a strong bonding between us. when we attend conferences and assemblies at district level we get opportunities to expand our network of relationship. the speakers and programs that are found in all meetings of rotary club also help in our personal development. it increases our knowledge about national and international issues which can be used while sharing ideas while taking some action in this regard.
when you become member of torrington club then you can get enough chances of professional growth. the district assemblies, rotary leadership institute programs, observation of other rotarians and the president elect training seminars or pets offer you ample opportunities to sharpen your leadership skills. you learn about salesmanship, management of project, volunteer management and fund raising while leading a project in this club. most rotarians already have these skills due to their career still, to achieve success, they take advice of their fellow members. the best thing universally found on rotarians is that they want everyone to be successful.
the two beliefs of the motto of rotary, our 4 way test and service above self, offer a natural value to this system. people, we are linked with including our families, consider us as individuals working to make this world a better place to live in, when we accept and go with these two beliefs. nothing can be better to teach our children the idea of coming forward if they can learn by self observation. hopefully this lesson of life of understanding the world and spreading peace will automatically be followed by the increasing numbers of people in our community.
we get a lot in return from rotary even if we contribute very little in it. as individuals we learn, grow and share our values as we do our job in rotary by providing opportunities, hopes and saving lives of others. our passion for rotary gets energy from such things. these things will compel future members of rotary to say yes when they are invited to join it.
 



posted in belief, personal growth

tagged belief, growth, torrington, we are




district welcome

posted on june 22, 2017  by  mason taylor


welcome to the district 50071 torrington club website!
service above all else

district governor: jeffrey a. colella
district adviser: david k. garcia




posted in personal growth

tagged founders, growth, new club









search for:



categories

belief

charity

education

personal growth

pets

playground

police




recent posts


aquatics center completion


pet adoption specials


new business growth


welcome torringtons newest members to the force


volunteering in torrington


pages

about us
contact us
district organizational chart
privacy

tagsbelief
children
community
education
europe
foreign exchange
founders
growth
habitat
new club
pets
playground
police
student
torrington
we are





proudly powered by wordpress.
         theme bwater by la marciana












