



espionage programs with history is a hoot, inc.






















 
using fascinating accounts from the always intriguing--if somewhat misunderstood-- world of spying, history is a hoot introduces your audiences to the men and women who shaped america and history while serving in the shadows. 

actual spycraft--such as agent cameras, communications gear, caltrops, and the ever-popular "doggie-doo" transmitter--highlight programs that focus on an array of espionage-related themes like operation: cold war, leadership lessons from the world of espionage, clandestine women, and more. spy programs

linda mccarthy, espionology expert and 24-year veteran of the central intelligence agency, will deliver a presentation sure to be talked about for a long time. 



join our mailing list and recieve:

 








video 

clips 

leadership lessons from the world of espionage

men and women who shaped america and history while serving in the shadows. 

virginia hall: the limping lady of the oss

so respected and feared by the germans that they tried repeatedly to capture the spy with the wooden leg. 

radio 

interviews 





npr's lively interview with 
guest curator of an exhibit for the national women's history museum. 

(click to read the interview transcript.) 

 wamu's the kojo nmamdi show. 

spies, pop flies, and french fries

the lady was a spy

for 

educators 


most programs support several virginia sol curriculum areas. click on a program and look for the school bus. 











program details

linda mccarthy,









publications

when baseball went to war

more details

baseball in themilitary--america's pasttime goes to war 

declassified documents

read article



read special issue

compelling and unforgettable stories of ballplayers including ted williams, dom dimaggio,
jerry coleman, bob feller, lou brissie, johnny pesky, moe berg, and others.
linda mccarthy contributed the moe berg chapter. publisher: triumph books.

a special stars and stripes issue about extraordinary patriots who left baseball to defend their country. included is major leaguer turned spy moe berg by linda mccarthy. 


declassified oss documents have been released, identifying a vast spy network of military and civilian operatives who formed the first centralized intelligence effort by the united states.  









face it -- there’s a little “spy” in all of us.








programs
about history is a hoot
operation: explore more
contact us
home








site map   mccarthy biography

© history is a hoot, inc. 2003-2012


vip leadership:
lessons of
vision,
inspiration &
perservance

speaker
biography:
linda mccarthy talks about espionage

espionage
programs 

virginia hall: america's greatest female spy 

















the history of intelligence is the history of america









secret







read on
kindle

click to 






