


wild bryde jewelry. nature jewelry. wildlife jewelry. hummingbird jewelry. animal jewelry. earrings, bracelets, necklaces for bird, nature and animal lovers.







 




 




 


online
retail store

about us

wholesale
catalog

ordering

faq

contact us
custom
 


welcome to wild bryde!


your premier nature jewelry designer!

we design and fabricate beautiful, unique, handcrafted 
nature jewelry: earrings, bracelets, necklaces and more for
the nature and animal lover! made entirely in the usa!
wild bryde jewelry is both a wholesale and a retail business and we look forward to serving your needs accordingly. 
if you are a retail customer, you can browse a special selection of our many nature jewelry designs
and shop securely at your leisure in our online retail store.
you can also use our store look up feature to find a store near you which carries our jewelry:

select a state and hit submit:

select a state
alaska
california
colorado
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
ohio
oregon
pennsylvania
south carolina
tennessee
texas
vermont
virginia
washington
wisconsin
wyoming



if you are a wholesale visitor to our site and would like to learn more about carrying our line of nature jewelry, please click wholesale
catalog for further details. 
wholesalers will also be able to download a
pdf version of our wholesale catalog by following
the
instructions
on the wholesale catalog page.
for any other questions please call us here in northern california on:ph: 510 222 1222. you can also find us on facebook




wild bryde jewelry
nature in design









retail customers, why
not head straight over to our online retail store



and don't forget to sign up here for our retail newsletter to receive special offers!




a brief introduction
here at wild bryde we're passionate about animals, nature and jewelry design. and for over 30 years we've been delighting nature
lovers everywhere with our beautiful jewelry creations, made right here in our studio in northern california.

our vision is simple: to celebrate the beauty and diversity of nature by capturing it's essence in all of our designs. whether it's 
the humble millipede or the majestic eagle, you'll find each subject skillfully represented in our jewelry with 
extraordinary accuracy and craftsmanship.
just one of the things that sets wild bryde apart is the sheer variety of our line. we make jewelry of just about every animal you can think of (and one or two you may never
even have heard of!) we offer a truly breathtaking selection of flora and fauna designs, and we take great pride in our knowledge of different species. 
teachers, naturalists and animal rehabilitation workers are among our biggest fans.
but you don't have to be any kind of specialist to appreciate our jewelry. it appeals to everyone who loves nature!
why not head straight over to our online retail store to see some of our exquisite designs.
for a more in-depth history of wild 
bryde, please click about us. you will also find details about our  custom work  there.





thank you for visiting our site!


  



some happy customers...

"your line is terrific!

i really have been surprised at the amount of
people who buy not only one, but two or more pairs
of the bat earrings! it's really neat to see
visitors getting excited about such a unique
product!"lisa banister, regional
parks manager, ortega
enterprises
"all of the different earring designs
are quite lovely!thanks again for
all of your creativity and brilliance.
i believe this will translate into great enjoyment
for all recipients of your clever art!"lynn de freitas,executive
director, friends of the great salt
lake
"wild bryde is ideal jewelrythere is a huge assortment of animals.
it is elegant, sturdy and moderately priced. i
enjoy telling people about it and selling it".
elaine mcnamara, dazzling animals
"thank you so much!your
company, as usual, is wonderful!"rose,
sierra glass works
"your jewelry is beautiful! i
love it!i wear the
(hummingbird) necklace several times a week and
always,
always receive compliments on it. thank you for
your lovely creations!"susan
k
"i have a gazillion of your
earrings and i love them all!one day i'll
take a picture of all the earrings i have bought
from you!"
deborah b






©wild bryde jewelry 2020 all rights reserved





