








super premium horse nutrition | triple crown feed























































products

feeds
forages
naturals
supplements
functional wafers


feed selector
compare tool
learn about equimix®
contact
store
 








find dealer




 









nutrition beyond compare
super premium horse feeds, forages, and supplements crafted so you can feed with love.











choosing the right feed can feel complicated
you want the very best for your horse, but finding the optimal feeding solution can be:



 
confusing
your horse’s health and well-being depends on making the right choice.



 
complex
you want proper nutrition for your horse, but aren’t sure where to start.



 
costly
you need to avoid making the wrong choice and find a horse feed to invest in your horse’s long-term health.










 the choice is
beyond simple

take a minute to find the right feed for your horse. our easy-to-use feed selector tool lets you choose with confidence. triple crown helps you take control of your horse’s nutrition.

feed selector







1
answer 2-3 easy questions


2
view recommendations


3
find a dealer and feed with confidence



feed selector


 







dedication, always.

organic minerals and microminerals improve energy utilization for more amazing rides.





 



stamina, always.

enzymes and fats increase available calories for more stamina when it counts.





 



trust, always.

prebiotics and probiotics help maintain a healthy gut for a more even disposition.





 







 your love for
your horse will show
“we feed 30+ horses, all with different nutritional needs. triple crown balancer gold has helped our horses reach their peak level of health. not only do they look good, they feel good and are performing at their best. this dun mare is an 18-year-old calf-roping horse. we started feeding her balancer gold about 2 months ago. it’s clear from the pictures that it’s made her look like a million bucks, but she feels that way too!”
- maddie (weber performance horses)






 

 







 feed the best, always.
super premium horse nutrition is all we do. our feeds, forages and supplements are crafted to provide the nutrition they need and the peace of mind you deserve.



 
feeds

view




 
functional wafers

view




 
forages

view




 
naturals

view




 
supplements

view











nutrition beyond compare
you go above and beyond for your horse, and so do we. found only in triple crown feeds, equimix® is an original blend of yeast cultures, organic minerals, prebiotics, probiotics and digestive enzymes that are vital to your horse’s hooves, coat and overall health.
try our compare tool to see how your current feed measures up to the super premium nutrition found in equimix.

compare tool














show your horse how much you care with nutrition that supports their health for life.






love, always.






 




resources

horse health
faqs
company
privacy policy
terms
site map


community

team triple crown
insider program
frequent buyer program
online store


social

facebook
instagram
youtube


 

sign up for nutritional tips and more





email(required)

address(required)



zip / postal code


commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

















© 2025 triple crown feed; all rights reserved.
triple crown® and equimix® are registered trademarks of triple crown nutrition, inc. all other trademarks shown are the property of their respective owners. if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 952-473-6330





























