



natmed pro




























 





login
subscribe






databases

food, herbs & supplements

health & wellness

sports medicine

comparative effectiveness

manufacturers

commercial products



fixed herbal combinations



tools

interaction checker

nutrient depletion

effectiveness checker

adverse effects checker

pregnancy & lactation checker

charts

fda information on select dietary supplement ingredients and other substances

covid-19 advisory



ce/cme center

news

enewsletter



about us

our team

editorial principles and process

explore features

testimonials

other trc products

contact us













search
interaction checker
effectiveness checker
nutrient depletion
pregnancy & lactation
adverse effects











advancedsearch



natmed pro
the most authoritative resource available on dietary supplements, natural medicines, and complementary alternative and integrative therapies.

subscribe now >
 
learn more








featuring

evidence-based nmber rating system


patient handouts


consumer education monographs


ce center




testimonials







i am very happy with these services. having up to date and scientifically accurate information at one's fingertips in this complex world of alternative medicine is a major lifesaver. thank you very much for all you do and i hope that this database continues to be a reliable and convenient source of clinical insight.
evan mccarvill







at last! an authoritative reference on the many nuances of alternative medicine. how to separate the good from the bad and the unknown. an extraordinary piece of work that will become the standard text in this area.
vincent t. devita jr., md the amy and joseph perella professor of medicine yale school of medicine former director, national cancer institute







the authors have conducted a systematic and careful review of the scientific literature, and provide clear summaries of what is known about the risks and benefits of herbs and supplements.
anthony l. komaroff, mdprofessor of medicine, harvard medical schooleditor-in-chief, harvard health publications







i absolutely love your product. it's comprehensive, and includes information that other resources do not.
joan colburn, mlis, north carolina







i checked out your new site and i really like it! it's easy to navigate - very clean design and professional. the testimonials and all the doctors on the editorial board give a lot of confidence and credibility.
kelly phippsfounder and ceokuma interactive, inc.






news
calming kava: anxiety reliever or safety concern?
stay current on popular weight loss supplements
same products under the spotlight
natmed condition series: acne
more >






    ⓒ 2025 therapeutic research center.  commercial distribution or reproduction prohibited
  

privacy policy | terms of use | technical support | site map | contact us










