







florida small business - the guide for entrepreneurs and emerging companies - florida small business











































 






facebook
twitter 
youtube 
linkedin








welcome
getting started
dba florida
ask an expert











florida trend
 
welcome
getting started
dba florida
ask an expert

 

legal elite
florida next
350 biggest companies
best companies
nonprofit
regional portaits
leadership insights
higher education

 
media kit
news alerts
subscribe



subscribe     











 




owning and operating a business requires dedication, perseverance, and flexibility. stay focused on your goals and be prepared to overcome challenges along the way. with careful planning and execution, you can turn your business idea into a thriving venture. so be excited. be curious. be ready to learn as you go. the rewards of owning your own business are as near!
» own and operate your own business!































	your guide covering the documents and registrations required by the florida division of corporations.


 














 the evolving office
nearly five years after the covid-19 pandemic sent most office workers home, reports about the death of office space appear to be greatly exaggerated.
tech job salaries on the rise in the south, including florida 
the average tech salary in the state reached $116,939 last year. compensation in florida was up 12.1% year-over year, making it the only state to achieve double-digit growth.
lawmakers say no ‘bailouts' for condo owners 
with the legislature discussing potential changes in condo laws, leaders working on the issue say new proposals won’t involve direct financial assistance.
 florida dept. of corrections head says ot costs are becoming a serious problem 
florida’s prison population has increased by about 8,000 inmates since 2021 with no corresponding increase in staff, meaning that correctional officers are working more overtime hours than ever before. 
citrus projection squeezed again 
the u.s. department of agriculture released a report projecting that florida will produce 11.5 million boxes of oranges, down from a january projection of 12 million boxes.






















about us
contact us
site map
circulation services



advertise
terms & conditions
	privacy policy

florida trend media company801 third street southst petersburg, fl 33701727.821.5800










free news alertsstay on top of florida business by signing up for any of our free enewsletters. they are easy to read on any device, and always filled with timely news, insights and analysis.



subscribe and get a free gift!now you can read florida trend anytime and anywhere.  subscribe today for the format that suits your lifestyle best: print, digital or all access!



© copyright 2025 trend magazines inc. all rights reserved.











