



















bespoke staircases | stairs from the uk's leading manufacturer





























 


















home
our projects
our process
about us
contact us 



































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors






					projects				




 

t:01273 858341




 




































 

 














generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors






					projects				




 
t:01273 858341

						menu
						













the uk’s leading manufacturer of 
high quality bespoke staircases
contact us







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 










founded in 1966, spiral is the uk's longest-serving and most leading manufacturer of bespoke, high-quality staircases.

from our dedicated office and fabrication workshops in east sussex, we specialise in the design, manufacture and install of bespoke feature staircases, serving both residential and commercial clients all over the world.

about spiral





view our projects
see more





elevate your home with 
stairs that impress.
at spiral, we take pride in creating exceptional spiral, helical, and straight staircases that effortlessly combine style and functionality, enhancing the beauty and practicality of your space.







helical
gracefully curving upward in a smooth, continuous spiral for functionality.






spiral
space-saving staircase design that spirals upward around a central pole.






straight
for classic, linear staircase design ideal for efficient vertical ascent.




view all our stairs







we craft excellence, one step at a time.

we are committed to using the finest materials to create staircases that meet and exceed the highest standards of quality our customers deserve.
if you’re interested in the materials we use, our design process, or our installation methods, explore our process and projects for all the answers you need.


the stair building process





ascending success with high quality solutions.


current projects
23


completed stairs
2187


years trading
58








i wanted to reach out to express my admiration for the work you have done and the designs you have implemented in the barbican project. your expertise and attention to detail have not gone unnoticed, and i have been particularly impressed by that.

project manager - barbican project
commercial stairs




our new stair is nearing completion and is even more amazing than we anticipated. your guys have been a delight to have working here.

private individual
residential stairs




it is always a bonus for us when we get the right contractor to carry out any bespoke element of works. amongst our team we have often found ourselves saying “if only more contractors were like spiral”. you and your teams attitude and ability made, what we thought was a complex, risky part of our project and delivered it with little or no fuss. we thank you for this and i would not hesitate to use or recommend you in the future.

laing o’rourke
commercial stairs




architects cubed inc. have had the opportunity to work with spiral on two projects in barbados. on each occasion the quality of stair supplied was exceptional and service rendered was prompt, professional and courteous. every design element was detailed and agreed in the comprehensive shop drawings forwarded prior to fabrication and each stair was well packed and arrived undamaged and on schedule. spiral has met and exceeded our expectations in terms of both quality and service delivered.

shawna beechley bs march (harvard) aaia bia - architects cubed inc.
commercial stairs






we have worked with...




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














privacy policy
terms and conditions

				© copyright lewes design contracts 2025			

				lewes design contracts ltd
the mill, glynde, lewes
east sussex bn8 6ss
united kingdom
				
01273 858341
enquiries@spiralstairs.co.uk.




























