





steel hand truck | steel hand truck suppliers – steel hand truck suppliers from china



















































 skip to content
















 homee-catalogueproductfolding hand truckheavy duty hand truckplatform truckmulti-functional hand truckstair climbing hand truckshoping cartnewsfaqcontact usabout 














homejinghaotools2020-10-08t09:28:39+00:00 
professional steel hand truck suppliersread about us



our products cover diverse corporate marketsour products range from light to heavy duty, from l-shaped to collapsible. whether you are an importer, a specialist retailer, or an agent, we have a suitable and proven way of working with you.
traders
we reasonably support our traders in prices and payment cycles, as well as in the joint development of new products.
wholesaler
our support strategy for wholesalers is strict delivery schedules, highly customizable products, and product co-development.
distnbutor
we have push advertising support for agencies, including google ad placement, edm marketing promotion.
over the past 15 years, we have supplied more than 2000 customers all over the world with steel trolleys, and our customers choose us because of our reasonable prices and excellent quality.steel hand trucksteel platform truckstair climbing hand truckmulti-functional trolley
wow – i dont know what else to say. this is the best supplier i have ever worked with, strict delivery schedule, excellent product quality.
buyer, germany customer
the jinghao tools team provides excellent support, listens to their users & continually works to improve their product.
owner, american customerjoin the 2,000+ satisfied customers!contact now



 
 





about zhejiang jinghao tools co., ltd., specializing in hand trucks and hand tools design, development and sales. yuyao huaye metal products co., ltd. is one of the subsidiaries of zhejiang jinghao tools co., ltd.
we have more than 15 years hand tools manufacturer experience since year 2003.with more than 50 raw material suppliers and large output help us to keep the material and goods costs low.
 

products


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

products categorystair climbing hand truck
shoping cart
platform truck
folding hand truck
heavy duty hand truck
multi-functional hand truck
 

contact info 
email: jinghaotools@gmail.com
whatsapp: +86 189 5799 9478

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2020 -    |   jinghao tools  china hand truck manufacturer   |   all rights reserved	


facebookyoutubeinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 


 
 







 






















































































































































go to top





