



 



  

westcoast child care resource centre























 













westcoast child care resource centre
inspiring & promoting excellence in child care & early learning


get a library card
registerlogin


×
homeaboutchoosing child careproviding child careworkshopslibraryjob postingsnews & articlescontact









donate








administration & management for child care 
sign up for our administration & management for child care (amcc) courses now!
in partnership with the province of british columbia and the government of canada, westcoast family centres established another phase of the instructor-guided administration and management for child care program from early childhood educators and other child care professionals in bc. this phase will operate from april 1, 2024 to march 31, 2027. through this funding we are excited to be able to offer this training for $100, reduced from $600. 
 
free access to the amcc knowledge base!
formerly known as the westcoast inform guide, the wccrc amcc knowledge base is an online information database for ece leaders, with detailed guidance on all areas of child care leadership. the knowledge base has been completely revised and is under constant revision to reflect current practices and learnings in inclusiveness, truth & reconciliation, the bc early learning framework, and inquiry-based approaches. as a valuable tool for all child care staff, it includes comprehensive lists of online resources, as well as tools and forms you can use in your own practice.
create your free account in the bc eypd hub now to access this great resource!




choosing child care
we provide parents and guardians with tools and resources to help find quality child care in vancouver. from a list of child care providers to help navigating provincial subsidy applications, we are here to help. explore our site to find more resources and articles on parenting as well as some of the other services and workshops we deliver to families and early childhood educators. learn more.



        find child care    




professional development
wccrc is a leader in developing and offering professional development opportunities and learning for certified early childhood educators and early years' professionals. our curriculum covers topics for those just entering the field and for those with years of experience who wish to add to their toolbox and share their experience. for more resources both for educators and children in your care, visit our westcoast early learning library (well).
learn more.



        view workshops    










stay up-to-date with the world of child care. sign-up for our e-newsletter



        sign up!    












find childcare
use our child care portal to narrow your search.








resource library
for professionals, students & parents / caregivers.








job postings
submit and view early childhood educator job postings.













westcoast ccrc
serving for over 30 years


known and respected for our collaboration and community-building, wccrc provides consultation and guidance to government, researchers and other organizations to promote and support excellence in early care and learning across bc. we are a trusted source of resources, referrals and information for families looking for child care and those who provide it.
learn more











vancouver child care resource & referral
westcoast child care resource centre is the host organization  for the vancouver child care resource & referral (vccrr). the vancouver ccrr program provides a wide range of services to support both child care providers and families seeking child care within the city of vancouver. visit the child care resource and referral centres - province of british columbia (gov.bc.ca) website to find ccrrs in other communities in bc.



        learn more    










the world of child care
stay on top of the latest updates and changes at wccrc and in the world of child care through the latest news and articles below.









 
bc's path to universal child care podcast season 4, episode 3: joan gignac
tune in to episode 3 in season 4 of our bc's path to universal child care podcast. today we welcome you back to our podcast with our special guest: joan gignac, from the sagamok anishnawbek nation, an early childhood educator for 34 years who has been dedicated to advancing and promoting aboriginal head start and first nations head start philosophy and programs in bc and nationwide. 
we are honoured to welcome back joan gignac from the aboriginal head start association of bc for part two of a deeper conversation about the lovit way (learn, observe, value, inspire, transform).
the aboriginal head start association of bc has been a cornerstone for early childhood development in indigenous communities, fostering holistic growth through culture and language. joan’s extensive experience as an early childhood educator and her dedication to advancing early years programming have made her a vital advocate in this field.
we are grateful to have joan gignac on our podcast, and we are delighted to have her share more about the lovit way and aboriginal head start programs in bc.
learn more by listening to the episode now! 



share:








read more







 
bc's path to universal child care podcast season 4, episode 2: joan gignac
tune in to episode 2 in season 4 of our bc's path to universal child care podcast. today we welcome you back to our podcast with our special guest: joan gignac, from the sagamok anishnawbek nation, an early childhood educator for 34 years who has been dedicated to advancing and promoting aboriginal head start and first nations head start philosophy and programs in bc and nationwide. 
joan is committed working with others, values collaboration, and working together to find new and empowering ways to advance and uphold the early childhood and ahs profession and quality early years programs in bc and beyond.
we are grateful to have joan gignac on our podcast, and we are delighted to have her share more about the aboriginal head start programs in bc.
learn more by listening to the episode now! 



share:








read more







 
bc's path to universal child care podcast season 4, episode 1: michelle mungall
welcome to episode 1 in season 4 of our bc's path to universal child care podcast. today we welcome you back to our podcast for a new season with our special guest: michelle mungall, who has dedicated much of her career to advocating for the rights and well-being of children and families in her community. 

we are honoured and grateful to welcome michelle mungall to share insights, experiences, and her vision for the future of child care. 

michelle mungall served as british columbia’s minister for energy, mines and petroleum resources from 2017-2020, and then as minister of jobs, economic development and competitiveness in 2020. she was the first female mla for nelson-creston from 2009 to 2020, and the youngest city councillor for the city of nelson from 2002-2005. she is now a senior advisor in the energy sector, monthly opinion writer for the vancouver sun and proud mom of two.
as a lifelong feminist advocating for gender equality, michelle's insights couldn't come at a more critical time. 
learn more by listening to the episode now! 



share:








read more







 
bc's path to universal child care podcast season 3, episode 5: sharon gregson
welcome to episode 5 in season 3 of our bc's path to universal child care podcast. during this episode we welcome back a familiar guest, sharon gregson the provincial spokesperson for the $10aday child care campaign as it is time for an update.
we are grateful to have sharon gregson, the spokesperson for the coalition of child care advocates of bc - cccabc as our special guest, so we can learn more about the improvements we have seen over the last little while and the positive impact these have had in the ece world.
learn more by listening to the episode now! 



share:








read more











        view all    










phone: 604.709.5661  
email: ccrc@westcoastfamily.org 
fax: 604.709.5662
2772 east broadway, vancouver bc v5m 1y8
wccrc operates on the traditional, ancestral and unceded coast salish territories of the sḵwx̱wú7mesh (squamish), səl̓ílwətaʔɬ (tsleil-waututh) and xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (musqueam) nations.








































 
 
 
 
 
please click below to find your local 
child care resources & referrals




                    copyright 2025 westcoast child care resource centre                    | privacy policy
                    | web design by: triple i web 










