






draisin vision – charleston sc eye doctor

































skip to content



 
facebooktwitteryelppinterestinstagram
 1470 tobias gadson blvd #115,  charleston, sc 29407 | 843-556-2020 



































menu 
homeabout us message from the staff meet the doctors meet the staff meet the vision therapy staffservices contact lenses optomap crt lenses corneal refractive therapy neurolens eye exams infantsee eye injuries ocular diseases laser vision correction eyeglass prescriptionsvision therapy info what is vision therapy? who benefits from vision therapy? building blocks for learning vision and learning vision and add/adhd classroom vision skills eye turns, crossed eyes, lazy eyes vision changes after an injury glossary new hope for struggling students visionhelp videos vt for adultsforms new patient paperwork (0-5 years) new patient paperwork (5-17 years) new patients ages 18 & upproducts advanced lenses frame linesorder contactsnewscontact usappointments





















 
homeabout us message from the staff meet the doctors meet the staff meet the vision therapy staffservices contact lenses optomap crt lenses corneal refractive therapy neurolens eye exams infantsee eye injuries ocular diseases laser vision correction eyeglass prescriptionsvision therapy info what is vision therapy? who benefits from vision therapy? building blocks for learning vision and learning vision and add/adhd classroom vision skills eye turns, crossed eyes, lazy eyes vision changes after an injury glossary new hope for struggling students visionhelp videos vt for adultsforms new patient paperwork (0-5 years) new patient paperwork (5-17 years) new patients ages 18 & upproducts advanced lenses frame linesorder contactsnewscontact usappointments


















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 









































eileen d
filled starfilled starfilled starfilled starfilled star
 



we love this practice which is why we drive three hours one way to get there. i began coming to draisin vision group for vision therapy after i experienced a brain injury which occurred during a heart catheter procedure. the injury was much like a stroke and affected the coordination of my eyes. during this time we transferred the rest of our eye care to draisin. i still make the trip for annual check ups and appreciate that the staff know us and are mindful of the distance we drive; we always receive a warm welcome. dr. draisin is a man of integrity and a great doctor. 





monica p
filled starfilled starfilled starfilled starfilled star
 



dr zolman is great. she takes time to explain the condition of your eyes and answers any questions. i highly recommend. 





seth y
filled starfilled starfilled starfilled starfilled star
 



by far the best experience i've had...ever!! they are so polite and fast and efficient. the doctors are incredibly thorough and just all around wonderful!! i'm telling everyone i know!!! 





stefanie s
filled starfilled starfilled starfilled starfilled star
 



extremely friendly and knowledgeable staff! i was very pleased with my experience. just a heads up that the first visit is lengthy. it's because they are so thorough, but you can't do it on your lunch break. i appreciate them taking the time to really evaluate my vision. 





edgar j
filled starfilled starfilled starfilled starfilled star
 



my dealings with draisin vision group have always been efficient and pleasant. they are true professionals - very knowledgeable and i know i can count on them. i could not recommend them more highly! 












read more testimonials


















for educators






we specialize in helping children perform at their peak ability at school and at home. this included help for those struggling with learning, as well as though hoping to excel at even higher levels. see the important information we have exclusively for educators.









mom's choice!




















public service videos






see our public service video library to learn more about the ways vision impact everything we do, as well as a wonderful college of charleston profile of dr. draisin









office hours






monday: 8:30am-5:30pm
tuesday: 10:30am-7:00pm
wednesday: 8:30am-5:30pm
thursday: 8:30am-5:30pm
friday:  8:30am-1:00pm
saturday: by appointment
sunday: closed


























vision care for life and living






we use our eyes all day long to take snapshots of life and make them into memories. our vision guides us during school, work, digital device use, sports and leisure activities. at the draisin vision group we are dedicated to helping you maintain excellent vision for all of your days. our state-of-the-art diagnostic and treatment equipment helps our doctors evaluate the health and function of your eyes at every visit. we enhance our patients’ lives with optometric vision therapy, sports vision and neuro-optometric rehabilitation. no matter how old the patient, from infancy to the golden years, you can rest assured that our doctors have the expertise and skill required to take care of all of your vision needs. draisin vision group is proud to have been and continue to be an engaged part of the charleston community for almost 50 years.







schedule an appointment now



























 










© 2022 draisin vision | doctorsights.com 





call now button




















x


this site is protected by shieldpro →



