




physics-intuition-applications:  focus on precognition and remote viewing













 

          applied precognition project (app)
        




physics-intuition-applications
remote viewing and psi applications







the "world of remote viewing" is not flat 
 





















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.







an arv prediction consists of remote viewing, analysis/judging and feedback sessions. 
 
 


marty rosenblatt 

marty holds a b.a. and m.s. in   physics from university of california at los angeles.  he  is now president of pia (physics intuition applications corporation) and he writes the online magazine, "connections through time". 
precognition is   real - apply it in your life!








workshops and webinars
all future workshops and webinars are part of app - applied precognition project.




app-2016 conference-workshop-webinar
consciousness is fundamental
precognition: health-wealth-wisdom
more speakers are being added.  that's why we have a early-bird special until january 31.
this year, the workshop focus will be on sub-groups doing predictions. see the approach in this informal video.)
trainers/facilitators
joe mcmoneagle
            marty rosenblatt

presentations by:
dean radinjoe mcmoneaglejeffrey mishloveed mayjohn petersen
marty rosenblatt 
june 13 to june 16, 2016  all presenters, except dean, will be in las vegas.  dean is webinar only.

______________
irva-2016 tbd
______________
if you are interested in joining our  applied precognition project (app) community, please contact   marty at marty@p-i-a.com
__________






links to most popular ezine issues
        

 1. precognitive remote viewing 


 2. psi vibrations and remote viewing 
          consciousness is "the" fundamental


 3. the 
          "world of consciousness" is not flat.
          precognition is real - apply it in your 
          life! 


 4. free will in a precognitive predetermined world


 5. psychic energy and remote viewing


 6. remote viewing and consciousness entanglement


 7. associative remote viewing


8. create your arv (associative remote viewing) self


 9. applied remote viewing and precognition


 related link for fun applications


 arv4fun 


 
 
 




 note:  marty rosenblatt has been the primary writer and editor of "connections through time" since 1998.  initially new issues were published every 3 months, then 6 months.  the last 4 issues or so have been separated by about 1 year because his focus has shifted to the applied precognition project (app) and it's mission concerning education through practical applications of precognition, especially applications involving health-wealth-wisdom.
 connections through time
the pia online magazine  (links to all issues)



issue 38:  april 2015 - march 2016
applied precognition project (app) and app-2014







joe mcmoneagle on remote viewing

dean radin on mind influence experiment: meditators show stronger influences




 






issue 37:  october 2013 - april 2015
quincy - a natural precog 









issue 36:  october 2012 - september 2013
consciousness, precognition, and group 1arv 






precognition demonstrates that at least some aspects of your future moments are available to you now!
are  all your conscious moments available now?






issue 35:  september 2011 - august 2012
quincy - a natural telepath 












issue 34:  august 2010 - august 2011
free will in a precognitive predetermined world





visual thesaurus


 
einstein

 
 
 dilbert (scott adams)


 



 
 remote viewing the future withassociative remote viewing (arv)
remote viewing (rv) is the gathering of   information, operating within a pre-specified protocol, from distant targets   using intuition rather than the intellect or the usual 5 senses.  many   governments, including united states intelligence agencies and various branches of the military, investigated and applied the reality of this phenomenon for many years.   many   of these studies have not been publicly released; however, enough information is   public to know that this intuitive capability does exist and that it includes   gathering information about targets that are distant in space and time,   including the future. 
precognition is the technical term for gathering information from the future using non-analytical, i.e., intuitive approaches.  self-precognition is gathering-sensing-sharing information from your future self!  dejavu is a familiar example to many people.  self-precognition is learning to sense and share information of interest to you between your future and your past.  einstein said, "the only reason for time is so that   everything doesn't happen at once."  this is the idea of the "eternal now" that   permits information sharing between all now-moments.
dr. jessica utts,   division of statistics, at the university of california, davis, wrote a paper entitled, an assessment of the evidence for psychic functioning (1996).  in her abstract she says, "precognition, in which the answer is   known to no one until a future time, appears to work quite well. ... there is little benefit to continuing experiments designed to offer proof, since there is   little more to be offered to anyone who does not accept the current collection of data."
associative remote viewing (arv) is an application for applying your consciousness to gather information from the future.  click here for a quick overview of rv and arv.  we are anxious to encourage and assist you and all those interested in exploring this fascinating and important aspect of consciousness.  however, the primary "work", including enjoying the   journey, must be done by you.
 we can provide  the background, teach the online arv   protocols, offer email contact and gotomeeting.com for one-on-one questions/answers; ultimately   however, you must want to invest the time to explore your precognitive   capabilities.  you have shown enough interest in the subject matter to read this far,  if you do wish to explore the capabilities of your consciousness further, we are offering a free version    of our precog online program/tool at our educational tools site (click here), so you can experience arving and know if it is something   you want to do for the longer-term.  yes, we are trying to hook you on arving :-)



(psi*) vibration model
      (summary from 
    "connections through time" issue 32)
the key elements of the model are listed in the circle below.  
      consciousness is taken as a given.  vibrations distinguish one thing within 
      consciousness from another thing.  i am a conscious thing.  you are a conscious 
      thing.


we each have the capability to focus consciousness using 
      intention.  i am conscious of subjective vibrating "things" (e.g., experiences, 
      sensations, emotions, thoughts-ideas).  i am conscious of you.  you and i can 
      agree on the meaning of words and measurements for many things.  our joint 
      objective physical reality is based on these agreements.





things have "fuzzy boundaries" since no thing can be outside the ucc; this entangles all things (non-locality)







the "universe of collective
        consciousness", ucc, is like a circle without a boundary (no outside)


every thing that consciousness touches (e.g., all past-present-future events) 
      can be visualized as being in the blue circular area without a boundary - 
      this circle without a boundary is a useful metaphor for the universe of 
      collective consciousness (ucc) (see figure at right).  this universe cannot have 
      a boundary, since if any thing that consciousness touches was outside the 
      boundary, that thing would have to be included as being inside.  thus, there can 
      be no "outside" and therefore no boundary to our circle or to the ucc.
the ucc contains everything (all that is), and it is the 
      only thing without a boundary - it is unique as the only "oneness" in this 
      model.  any other thing (represented by the red circle) must have a  "fuzzy 
      boundary" since it can never be completely removed from the ucc.  any attempt to 
      separate any thing from the ucc creates entanglement with some uncertainty, 
      i.e., a fuzzy boundary.  the perfect harmony is lost and replaced with the now 
      conscious vibrating experience.
we propose that objective and subjective things follow the same laws of 
      entanglement and uncertainty.  the mathematical model-laws of quantum mechanics, 
      general relativity and vibrating extra-dimensional 
        strings is an extraordinarily accurate model of the objective (physical) 
      universe.  no equivalent mathematical model for the subjective aspects of the 
      universe exists today, however the concepts embodied in the accepted physics 
      models, such as non-locality, appear to apply equally well to subjective things.  
      precognition may be the best example.  the connectivity between past, 
      present and future events (events are just a series of meaningful "now conscious 
      moments") is as non-local as any experiment of non-locality in the physical 
      realm.
we are still at the beginning of harnessing the paradigm shifting perspective 
      of the objective universe that modern physics has supplied.  we believe it 
      is about time to broaden that perspective to include harnessing the reality of 
      the entanglement of all subjective "nows", past present and future.  imagine that paradigm shift! 


 



physics intuition applications corp

   piac mission

to develop applications which use, measure, and analyze intuitive predictions of future events
to further education about intuition and consciousness
to contribute to the understanding of the physics of 
        intuition, remote viewing and consciousness 


*in quantum mechanics, the primary model function is   usually expressed with the greek letter psi, y, which is a probabilistic complex wave function   that vibrates with a real part and an "imaginary" part.    the need for an imaginary part (or an equivalent matrix formulation) hints at   the need for dimensions of ideas, emotions, and other non-space/time aspects of   reality.
** "seeds of ecstasy, 2003" is copyrighted by jeff mishlove.  we thank jeff for his permission to use this beautiful yin yang art piece.
 



 











