






fresno new connections – substance abuse treatment for adults and adolescents
































 
 



skip to content




 


					bridging the gap between community awareness, addiction and recovery				



















 





our mission and history thank you for your interest in our agency.  fresno new connections (fnc) is an outpatient drug and alcohol treatment program located in fresno california right in the middle of the great san joaquin valley.  fresno new connections, formerly adac, has been serving our community since 1975.  in that time we have helped thousands of individuals in their journey to regain control over their lives and in the process, to positively impact the lives of their family, neighborhood, place of employment, and the larger society.  
fresno new connections is one of the premier providers of alcohol and other drug treatment.  for 32 years, the agency has provided comprehensive community based, culturally sensitive care.  fresno new connections is a 501-c3, private non-profit organization and certified by the state of california.
it is fresno new connections philosophy that chemical dependency is a disease that effects the whole person; spiritually, emotionally and physically.  recovery is defined as learning to live comfortably without the use of mood or mind-altering drugs, personal responsibility and self-awareness are emphasized throughout the treatment experience.  fresno new connections stands ready to assist you or someone you know in the pursuit of a sober, healthy future.

 
our location:
4411 n. cedar, suite 108
fresno, ca. 93726
phone: (559) 248-1548
fax: (559) 248-1530
funding sources
included but not limited to:
private insurance
individual self-pay
county funding
medi-cal
dcfs (cps)/cal-works
 

contact us

 









your name (required)



your email (required)



subject



your message








 in compliance with assembly bill 2081 section 11831.7./ beginning january 1, 2025, all persons receiving services through fresno new connection, inc may check the internet website of the department of health care servcies to confirm whether this facility’s license or program’s certification has been place in probation status, been subject to a temporary suspension order, been revoked, or the operator has been given a notice of operation in violation of law. this information is available at: https://www.dhcs.ca.gov/provgovpart/sud-lcr/pages/sus-rev-nov.aspx
a violation of subdivsion (a) shall be subject to penalty by tyhe department pursuant to section 11831.7.

 







a siteorigin theme

















