


crafty hijinks
































contributors

jeanne
kati












blog maintenance
knitting hiatus.
it's my turn!
beret and scarf fo
now in the running to take over worst knitblogger ...
oh my goodness!
intermittent sunshine
worst. knitblogger. ever.
sunshine and progress!
a meme for those of you who are as bored at work a...





june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007
april 2007
june 2007





knitty
 magknits
the anti-craft
  razor cami knit along  
 


 knitting:ballet camisole, rowan wool cotton (rich)
clapotis, sundara aran silky-merino (018)
watching:
america's next top model cycle 7
top chef season 2
the office (us) season 3
ugly betty (us)
listening to:my audioscrobbler

reading:entertainment weekly
elle magazine
drinking:water, and lots of it.


 knitting:
knucks, rowan wool cotton, (black)
 modified mini-sweater, cotton-ease, (bubblegum pink) 
schoeller stahl lerici color pullover (aqua)

watching: the oc, season 4
 the office, season 3

listening to:
 hot chip "the warning" 
metronomy "pip paine- pay the 5000 pounds you owe" 

reading:
 stuff by saikaku 

drinking:coffee.

 fo 2006: 
shedir hat
 dinosaurs!
 wristband from snb
 essential stripe 
  razor cami 
  bamboo ballerina 
 





sunday, june 24, 2007



blog maintenance


hi everyone! i'm doing some blog maintenance and editing a bunch of old entries, so if you subscribe to us through bloglines, you might want to update your settings to "display new items only" for the next two days, unless you want about 70 old entries showing up on your bloglines. i'll be back on tuesday next week (...or something. work is insane right now.) with an updated blog, a fo (small but cute,)  and some other knitting progress to share.

posted by kati | 6/24/2007 06:26:00 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, april 03, 2007



knitting hiatus.


i just wanted to let everyone know (you know, all two of our readers! love you guys!) that jeanne and i are on temporary hiatus from crafty hijinks. we're not dead, i promise! it's just not much knitting has gone on, which makes for a boring blog.i am in the final stretch towards graduation from college, which means- i am writing my thesis. it's eating my brains, i suspect, and i just don't have time to pick up the knitting. i'll be back in june, once i've defended my baby and actually have time to pick a project i want to work on.jeanne is busy traveling around the country and the world (lucky duck!) and while some yarn shopping is on her agenda, it's mostly full with shopping and sightseeing and awesomeness.even though we're not knitting, or knit blogging, we are still blogging. if you're interested in our thoughts on important topics such as makeup, fitness, cupcakes and the o.c., check out our lifestyle blog, periodic elements of style that we share with the most awesome karen.be back soon!

posted by kati | 4/03/2007 11:58:00 am
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, february 11, 2007



it's my turn!


unfortunately for us all (and particularly me), i've been away from home quite a bit this winter.  two weeks around christmas, this past week, and then there's all of that work i've been doing.  so i really haven't had the opportunity to knit, and when i have, i haven't been photographing it because of lack of sunlight, lack of space, and not being in my own house at times.so here are the two things that have been worked on recently.  sort of.parka from rowan 34 in polar in "dark truffle".  i bought this yarn last spring in a ten-bag from one of the lovely sellers on ebay (either jeanette or cucumberpatch, i can't recall -- i've bought from both of them and highly recommend them both).  this is the back and it is huge, seriously.  i've just finished the armhole shaping and then it's straight stockinette until the shoulders.  therefore, it is kind of boring (i hate the post-armhole shaping part).this is bob's blankie from wee knits 3 in seven colors of mission falls cotton 1824.  hooray!  my hairdresser, who has seen me since i was in middle school and who saved my hair from the tragic state it was in, is expecting a baby girl -- she already has a young boy, but hooray, a girl baby!  my mother is knitting a corner-up blanket similar to the one in my last post (you know, from november?) and this is the blanket i'm knitting.  we both opted for bright colors, since we know she likes them, and it's more fun to receive colorful fun things than getting an avalanche of pink.and yeah, that's about that.  except i said i wouldn't buy any more yarn for myself (famous last words, if you may recall), but today i went to the local yarn store with a co-worker who crochets and wants me to teach him how to knit.  rock'n'roll, guys.  so i bought myself some lorna's laces for a scarf.  because that's totally what i need.well, it just may be.

posted by jeanne | 2/11/2007 08:42:00 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




saturday, february 10, 2007



beret and scarf fo


wow, you guys! has it been two months since i have posted anything here? insert list of typical excuses here (finals, thesis, work,  total lack of natural sunlight in pac-nw during winter) and not so typical here (vacation + cute nieces!! denver airport suckitude! blogger transition issues!) and move on. the typical issues are here to stay, but that doesn't mean i haven't been knitting.c'est voila!(i look tired because i am. sorry about the no makeup. i saw sun, i ran for the camera to get some natural light shots.) this beret-type thing and scarf came out of a cute kit my aunt and uncle sent me for christmas. normally i wouldn't even think about making a beret, and i make a scarf about once a year and find myself bored silly while knitting it. if i have to do that much of a long skinny object, i'd rather do a sleeve- at least the constant increasing holds some interest. but marks and sparks made this set look totally cute, especially on their adorable model, so instead of making something like the knit star scarf on craftster with the yarn, i cast on.  the yarn came with the kit and is acryllic, and not terrible as far as acryllics go. my main complaint is the kit gives you plastic needles to go with the well, plastic yarn, and that ended up being quite squeaky. not squeaky enough to make me dig out my knitting stuff from a moving box, but squeaky nonetheless.the scarf is my first bias knit, which managed to hold my interest for slightly longer than your average scarf. i switched to garter stitch and kept going until i felt it was long enough, carrying the yarn up the side. the beret blob is done to pattern, again carrying the yarn up. next time i will have a pair of knucks to show, and perhaps some progress on modified minisweater- take two. (cardigan mini-sweater is not cutting it for me, back to the pullover!)labels: fo, kati

posted by kati | 2/10/2007 02:04:00 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, december 10, 2006



now in the running to take over worst knitblogger title from jeanne


finals are over, and thus my last fulltime term of undergraduate classes is over! i am so happy! although i'll be happier once i get my grades back! anyway. even though i haven't been blogging, i have been doing some stress relief knitting, so without further ado:that is my modified mini-cardigan about three weeks ago. i've finished up the puff sleeves since then, but something about it doesn't scream yes to me, so i haven't woven in the ends yet. maybe longer sleeves if i have enough cotton ease left, or ripping it back to the bust and joining to go back to my original pullover plans will help. i don't know. in the meantime, i've started up another schoeller stahl pattern, this time the lerici color pullover in aqua. i've actually finished the sleeves since i've taken this picture and started on the front, which i plan to make into a vneck. so far, so good. the yarn is a nice cotton acrylic blend, but i have been finding a knot in every other skein, so that is annoying. still. satchel is just about done, i just need to felt it at some point. i hope to have one or two finished object posts before the end of the year, since i have about ten projects that just need a little more finishing and a finished object photoshoot before i can post them. i shall try to work this around moving and going to st. louis for christmas. we will see.labels: kati

posted by kati | 12/10/2006 01:53:00 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




friday, november 24, 2006



oh my goodness!


last weekend i went out to a yarn store.  i hadn't been to a yarn store and bought anything since... august, perhaps?  but we wanted to see the new building (they moved to a bigger store while i was at school), and since my friends had their baby girl (!!) a month early (!!!) and i hadn't even thought about starting something for her yet, i bought six balls of peter pan yarn in tutti frutti, and i'm doing the most basic baby blanket in the world: cast on four stitches.row 1: knit across.row 2: knit 2, yarn over, knit across.repeat row 2 until desired width.row 3: knit 1, k2tog, yarn over, k2tog, knit across.repeat row 3 until 4 stitches remain.bind off four stitches.i started this last saturday and it went really really fast at first.  now i've got somewhere in the ballpark of a hundred stitches and it goes a lot slower, but it's very good "keep my hands busy" knitting.i also have some christmas knitting patterns to look through -- i'm not planning on doing any christmas knitting this year, but you never know.  there are some really cute traditional stocking kits out there...labels: jeanne

posted by jeanne | 11/24/2006 07:20:00 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




saturday, november 11, 2006



intermittent sunshine


i managed to snap some pictures with my dying camera (!) during one of the few moments of sunshine this afternoon:my sundara yarn clapotis.  i'm just barely into the second skein (of three), so i'm on target for a nice, long clapotis.  too late for the wedding, but not too late for winter.  (ugh, winter.)the ballet camisole, which is now looking a lot more like it'll be a vest to be worn over a button-down shirt.  which is fine by me.i had so many plans for things to knit this fall, but i just can't find myself getting passionate about knitting right now.  i miss my knitting community!  it's probably a side affect of being surrounded by guys for forty-plus hours a week.  i suppose i should look into a stitch'n'bitch group around here so i can be surrounded by women and delicious food/drinks again, but i miss my old oregon crew.  sigh.and i really really need to find my camera's battery charger soon...labels: jeanne

posted by jeanne | 11/11/2006 02:53:00 pm
       |
         1 comments
 








 
		  		
















