


corporation for national research initiatives (cnri)

























 


home
about cnri

directors, officers & senior staff
news  & announcements
employment opportunities


research focus areas
projects
publications
contacts








corporation for national research initiatives (cnri) is a not-for-profit organization formed in 1986 to undertake, foster, and promote research in the public interest. activities center around strategic development of network-based information technologies, providing leadership and funding for information infrastructure research and development.
cnri engages in prototyping and system and technology demonstration projects in order to further the design and implementation of selected infrastructure components for new computing- and communications-based applications. current research expands upon the core components of cnri's digital object architecture; handle.net registry for assigning, managing, and resolving persistent identifiers for digital objects and other internet resources, and cordra.org which provides a mechanism for the creation of, and access to, digital objects as discrete data structures. other areas of interest support ongoing research in digital libraries and other networked information technologies, including the mems and nanotechnology exchange.



of special interest:

comments at the meeting of the advisory committee on international communications and information policy (acicip), u. s. department of state, december 16, 2016, by robert e. kahn, president & ceo, corporation for national research initiatives.
cnri announces cordra: techniques for long-term and storage-independent management of digital information.
itu interviews dr. robert e. kahn, chairman, ceo and president, cnri. youtube, published november 17, 2014. topics included the role of the digital object architecture (doa) in combating counterfeit ict products and devices, and what governments and the corporate sector can do to help.
itu-t recommendation, "framework for discovery of identity management information", approved, based largely on cnri's digital object architecture.

lyons, patrice a., "managing information in digital form", in information security & privacy news, information security committee, aba section of science & technology law, volume 5, issue 1, winter 2014. see also exhibit a: part iv — content identification, contribution of p. a. lyons, committee 703—spring report (2003), american bar association.




corporation for national research initiatives 1895 preston white drive, suite 100, reston, virginia 20191
    301 east high street, charlottesville, virginia 22902
    (703) 620-8990july 2021




