


 






baby lock sewing machines | for the love of sewing




















 






    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    














        find a retailer



        skip to content    

 


customer
                service




            sign in / register        



sign in



            create an account        








                    sign in                




register machine
menu





cart














 



search





search








search
















    machines



    view all



    all



    sewing



    single-needle embroidery



    multi-needle embroidery



    quilting



    longarm quilting



    serger



    specialty



    previous models





    accessories



    view all



    all



    bobbins & thread stands



    feet & attachments



    hoops & stabilizers



    design suites collection



    furniture & extension tables



    trolley/travel bags



    quilting accessories



    software & upgrades



    other



    sale





    notions



    view all



    all



    sweet seams



    klassé needles



    klassé scissors



    madeira





    projects



    view all



    projects



    become inspired blog





    community



    view all



    community



    events



    ambassadors



    educators



    partners



    retail network



    partner with us



    facebook groups





    support



    view all



    register a machine



    register a software



    machine support & updates



    software updates





    sewed



    view all



    join sewed



    sewed getaways



    all classes



    machine classes



    software classes



    accessory classes



    webinars


























 







 sewing machinesshop nowexplore new accessoriesshop nowlearn moretransform your creations todayshop nowshopexplore new accessoriesshoplearn moresummer salesave up to 20%shoptransform your creations todayshopmake it better
 with baby lockunrivaled innovation
experience incredible reliability alongside our machines' inspiring featuresexplore our machinesbacked by baby lock
get the support and helpful resources that can only be provided by fellow sewersupdates & supportquick linkssalepromotions projectsfind a retailerproduct supportsummer savings
kick off your summer with savings on our machines! enjoy discounts on a variety of machines for sewing, quilting, serging, and embroidery!4th of july sale
celebrate independence day with our exclusive 4th of july sale on accessories and apparel! shop now and enjoy special discounts on a wide range of stylish items perfect for showing off your love of sewing. don't miss out on these incredible deals!learn morebaby lock sewing
starting from a single stitch through endless hours of continuous operation, baby lock is proud to offer the finest sewing machines in the market. all backed with unparalleled support from reputable independent retailers across the country.explore sewing machinessummer savings
wrap up your summer with savings on select machines! enjoy discounts on a variety of sewing, quilting, serging, and embroidery machines, as welll as select accessories!save nowsewed + subscription
unlock the full potential of your machine through the library of content that can only be found on sewed, everything from covering the basics of your machine through mastering new skills in quilting techniques, embroidery, serging, software, and accessories. start learningintroducing the radiance
learn more about the new top-of-the-line embroidery, sewing, and quilting machine!learn moresewed 2025 getaways
join baby lock at our educational consumer getaways & adventures! spend time with our world-class educators, mastering your skills and building confidence.learn more & registerbaby lock sewing
starting from a single stitch through endless hours of continuous operation, baby lock is proud to offer the finest sewing machines in the market. all backed with unparalleled support from reputable independent retailers across the country.explore sewing machinesbaby lock sewing
starting from a single stitch through endless hours of continuous operation, baby lock is proud to offer the finest sewing machines in the market. all backed with unparalleled support from reputable independent retailers across the country.explore sewing machinessummer savings
kick off your summer with savings on our machines! enjoy discounts on a variety of machines for sewing, quilting, serging, and embroidery!save todayintroducing the applaud
discover baby lock's latest innovation! the applaud offers the ultimate sewing experience, seamlessly blending functionality and creativity for every sewist.learn morenew 55th anniversary serger
celebrate with us and learn about our new anniversary limited edition serger! try a new serger project with our free instructions, learn a new serging technique as you watch one of our sewed classes, or even purchase a new serger!learn morenew top-of-the-line machine
baby lock is introducing something new that you don’t want to miss! be on the lookout for sneak peeks of the latest innovation coming your way.
 learn morebaby lock sewing
starting from a single stitch through endless hours of continuous operation, baby lock is proud to offer the finest sewing machines in the market. all backed with unparalleled support from reputable independent retailers across the country.explore sewing machinessewed 2024 getaways
join baby lock at our educational consumer getaways & adventures! spend time with our world-class educators, mastering your skills and building confidence.learn more & registernew 55th anniversary limited edition serger
celebrate with us and learn about our new anniversary serger! try a new serger project with our free instructions, learn a new serging technique as you watch one of our sewed classes, or even purchase a new serger!learn morebaby lock sewing
starting from a single stitch through endless hours of continuous operation, baby lock is proud to offer the finest sewing machines in the market. all backed with unparalleled support from reputable independent retailers across the country.explore sewing machinesfree projects & patterns
find projects to hep you get inspired and get the most out of your baby lock machines and accessories.  our expert team of educators and ambassadors love to see success in others and are adding new projects each season!projects & patternssewed 2023 getaways
join baby lock at our educational consumer getaways & adventures! spend time with our world-class educators, mastering your skills and building confidence.learn more & register

                                        get inspired by community
start creatingmeet the gallant xl stationary
 
featuring an 18-inch throat space that offers a large creative workspace and a stationary table that’s perfect for quilters with limited sewing space, you can comfortably sit while you finish your stunning quilts with ease.
 learn moreshop all new machinesnew to sewing? whether you're just starting out or rekindling your love for sewing, we welcome you to the maker community.learn morestep up your skillschoose from any of our 1000+ video classes and shorts taught by over 35 baby lock experts that cover more than 180 baby lock products with more videos added regularly.explore sewed classesnew to sewing? whether you're just starting out or rekindling your love for sewing, we welcome you to the maker community.learn morestep up your skillschoose from any of our 1300+ video classes and shorts taught by over 35 baby lock experts that cover more than 180 baby lock products with more videos added regularly.explore sewed classesfind savingsshop discounts on accessories, notions, and apparel! available while supplies last.shop nowexperience the differenceour trusted baby lock retailers are dedicated to sewists like you and are here to help you with every step of your sewing journey. find out more about our baby lock retailer experience including our showcase retailers.learn more & find a retailerfind savingsshop these accessories, now up to 40% off, available while supplies last.shop nowsewed 2024 getawaysjoin baby lock at our educational consumer getaways & adventures! spend time with our world-class educators, mastering your skills and building confidence. choose from any of our 1300+ video classes and shorts taught by over 35 baby lock experts that cover more than 180 baby lock products with more videos added regularly.learn more & registerfind savingsshop discounts on accessories, notions, and apparel! available while supplies last.shop nowexperience the differenceour trusted baby lock retailers are dedicated to sewists like you and are here to help you with every step of your sewing journey. find out more about our baby lock retailer experience including our showcase retailers.learn more & find a retailer


supportmanuals &
                                                troubleshootingregister your
                                                machinesend us a
                                                messagesupport: manuals & troubleshooting
 register your machinesend us a message 







supportmanuals &
                                                troubleshootingregister your
                                                machinesend us a
                                                messagesupport: manuals & troubleshooting
 register your machinesend us a message
productsmachinessoftwareaccessoriespromotionsrebatesclients parlant françaisprojectsbeginner projectsall projectsinspirationblogcommunityeventsambassadorseducatorspartnerspartner with usfacebook groupsgiving backdonation requestour storycustomer supportregister my machineproduct supportfaqglossarywarranty policycontact usfind a retaileraccessibility supportsewedmy classesmembershipbrowse all classes 



copyright © 2025 baby lock. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
return policy
shipping info
terms of use 










 

