






custom telephone printing - hospitality signage, telephone faceplates, instructional signage, payphone signage































































800.753.5300
sales@customtel.com



facebook




twitter




linkedin


  





facebook




twitter




linkedin



  
 
 










home
products

faceplates
stands
door lock cards and hangers
dialing information cards
accessories
your custom ideas


faq
about us
contact us
request a quote
 


select page


  
 



 



 










quality designed hotel telephone faceplates – any make and model
 
 
 




 
 



 
 

 



 
 
 


request a quote

 
 
 



best quality • best price • best turnaround • guaranteed
since 1986, the hospitality industry has used ctp as their full-service printer for telephone faceplates and guestroom signage.
as a dedicated long-time printer, our experience relates to consistently delivering our product on time, accurately and within your budget.  with our advanced printing process, we will meet and exceed your expectations which is why we offer a satisfaction guarantee on every order.
browse our product selection below and when you are ready request a quote or contact us.
 
 
 






faceplates
improve guest experience with custom paper or plastic faceplates that direct and inform while building your brand and accenting your décor.

 
 
 





stands
durable custom stands make it easy to insure your guests know hotel rules, regulations, channel lineup, wifi instructions, etc.. what do you want to inform your guests?

 
 
 





door hangers
encourage guest privacy and promote room service with door hangers that clearly communicate the right message.

 
 
 
 






accessories
complete guest communications using custom labels and signage for a variety of different accessory items.

 
 
 





your custom ideas
what custom printing idea do you have?

 
 
 
 
 




satisfaction guaranteed – our customers say it best
 
 
 




custom telephone printings customer service was great to work with. very quick and responsive. received product in a timely manner. 
renaissance westchester
deniz brousseau, west harrison, ny
 
 
 
 



custom telephone printing not only produces top of the line quality products, they guide you through from start to finish making it a seamless project. with first class customer service and responsiveness you can always count on them no matter the size of the job. wouldn’t go anywhere else! 
bittel americas
michelle dover , san jose ca
 
 
 
 



for the past 15 years i have had the opportunity to work really close with custom telephone printing. their workmanship and quality of product is second to none. the pricing they offer is extremely competitive. their staff is friendly and courteous and always willing to go the extra mile when needed. product is shipped in an efficient manner, and they are always willing to help where needed. 
the carper company
wendy drayton, boise id
 
 
 
 



they provided prompt service at a competitive price. will use them for future needs. keep up your efficient service. 
days inn
vipul patel, new braunfels, tx
 
 
 
 
 
 






800.753.5300 815.338.0000

 
 



sales@customtel.com

 
 



1002 mchenry ave, woodstock, il 60098

 
 
 

connect with us
 
followfollowfollow
 
 

stay informed
subscribe to our email list for specials, incentives, and happenings.
 





name


email address




submit



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



home | terms and conditions | privacy policy &copy2025  custom telephone printing | woodstock, il


					 

 
 
 
















