




powell's furniture and mattress | fredericksburg, richmond, charlottesville, virginia and maryland




















skip to main content


































search









location

come say hello!


powell's furniture
4001 plank roadfredericksburg, va 22407
540-786-5090



get directions




sign in





search





search
















location


sign in





































































start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







office







accents







mattresses







entertainment







kids







outdoor







shop all

create your own styleshop powell’s selection of high quality, customizable furniture. explore hundreds of different fabrics and leathers available for your next couch, chair or recliner or customize finish color on your new dining set. with quality brands you know and trust, you can confidently and enjoyably create a piece that is uniquely you.shop nowfamily owned & operatedas third-generation furniture store owners, powell’s is dedicated to operating a business with high quality standards, exceptional customer service and strong ties to the fredericksburg, richmond, charlottesville, virginia and maryland area and the families we serve. visit us today to meet our family and learn more about our operation.shop nowsame day pickup, next day local deliveryshop now


spacious sectionals
room for the whole family


 7927 collection - 5-piece sectional sofa  
 social club collection - 6-piece power sectional  
 finley collection - sectional sofa  
 bryant collection - sectional sofa  
 thornton 5535 collection - sectional  
 thornton 5535 collection - 3 piece sectional  
 187 collection - power sectional  
 bryant collection - sectional sofa  
 finley collection - 2-piece sectional  
 1671 milan collection - sectional sofa  





shop all

powell's furniture and mattress - fredericksburg furniture and mattress storestay safe. shop local. keep fredericksburg strong.since 1942, powell's furniture and mattress has been offering the very best in furniture selection to the fredericksburg metro area. boasting one of the largest showrooms in the region, powell's is currently home to 30 of the most acclaimed furniture brands in today's market featuring top-trending products like sofas, sectionals, chairs, beds, mattresses, dressers, dining tables, desks, accessories and more. as a family-owned business, we are dedicated to serving our clientele with the finest in service, prices, selection, and holistic customer experience, providing you with conveniences such as next day delivery and online payment options. call 540-786-5090 to schedule your in-store appointment today.best in the burgvoted fredericksburg's best furniture & mattress store 5 years in a row.shop now


bedroom inspiration
bedroom looks to love


 yosemite collection - 4-piece queen bedroom set  
 belmont collection - 6-piece queen panel bedroom set  
 yosemite collection - 4-piece queen bedroom set  
 weatherford collection - queen bedroom group  
 weatherford collection - queen bedroom group  
 weatherford collection - queen bedroom group  
 hadleigh collection - queen bedroom group  
 hadleigh collection - queen bedroom group  
 whistler retreat collection - king bedroom group  
 hadleigh collection - ck bedroom group  





shop all

family owned & operatedread jim powell's storyexplorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv standsmade in americashop our made in america products for a variety of items manufactured in the united states. whether you are looking for a reclining sofa, a living room or bedroom set, or a new dining chair, powell’s american-made products boast quality and durability. browse our full selection today.


what's your style









contemporary







transitional







traditional







industrial







relaxed vintage







mid-century modern







casual







shop all












don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?






































powell's furniture and mattress features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. powell's furniture and mattress offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the fredericksburg, richmond, charlottesville, virginia and maryland area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information




























