


rickeckertracing.com | welcome to the official internet home of rick eckert
















 eckert 
              closes out 2024 campaign with thrilling $7,000 win!
(november 
              3, 2024) rick eckert earned his fifth 
              victory of the 2024 campaign and his third consecutive 'mid-atlantic 
              championship' triumph at georgetown speedway in georgetown, delaware 
              on saturday evening, november 2! after timing in second quickest 
              in super late model qualifying on friday night, rick secured a heat 
              race win to start from the outside of the front row in the 40-lap 
              main event. the york, pennsylvania ace then controlled the field 
              for the first 37 circuits before swapping the lead with ross robinson 
              in the waning laps. at the checkers, rick was back out front to 
              land the $7,000 payday ahead of robinson, donald lingo, jr., amanda 
              robinson, and dan stone. full results from the season-ending 'mid-atlantic 
              championship' weekend can be found online at www.thegeorgetownspeedway.com.

rick eckert racing nabs 
              top ten in keystone cup opener
(october 
              27, 2024) rick eckert, of york, pennsylvania, 
              was in action in the 7th annual 'keystone cup' on october 25-26 
              at bedford speedway in bedford, pennsylvania. on friday night in 
              the split-field opener, rick finished seventh in his $2,400 to win 
              semi-feature to lock himself into saturday's grand finale. after 
              rolling off from the outside of the seventh row in the $24,000 to 
              win headliner, "scrub" was one of the nineteen drivers 
              to finish the contest and eventually crossed underneath the checkers 
              in the thirteenth position after sixty green flag circuits. full 
              results from the 'keystone cup' at bedford can be found online by 
              clicking on www.bedfordspeedway.com. 
              (wrt speedwerx photo)

eckert moves forward 
              in $50,000 pittsburgher 100 finale
(october 
              6, 2024) next up for the #0 team was 
              a trip to the sprawling pittsburgh pennsylvania motor speedway in 
              imperial, pennsylvania on october 4-5 for the 36th edition of the 
              ‘pittsburgher 100,’ which was once again sanctioned 
              by the lucas oil late model dirt series. with a $10,000 payday up 
              for grabs in friday’s weekend opener, rick eckert qualified 
              well, but narrowly missed out on the 30-lap feature after finishing 
              sixth in his heat race and fifth in his b-main. on saturday evening 
              at ppms with a whopping $50,000 first place prize on the line, rick 
              ran fifth in his loaded heat race, won his b-main, and later advanced 
              to finish fourteenth in the 70-lap headliner. full results from 
              the ‘pittsburgher 100’ can be found online by visiting 
              www.lucasdirt.com.

mechanical trouble dooms 
              eckert in port royal special
(september 
              7, 2024) rick eckert invaded port 
              royal speedway in port royal, pennsylvania on friday night, september 
              6 for the annual running of the 'butch renninger memorial.' the 
              unsanctioned super late model special boasted a $7,333 first place 
              prize and marked the final race of the points season at the sprawling 
              keystone state oval.
rick, who came into the event with a 25-point lead 
              in the standings, timed in third quickest in group a during qualifying 
              prior to securing a victory in heat race action. after starting 
              the 33-lap headliner from the inside of the third row, "scrub" 
              unfortunately suffered terminal mechanical trouble on lap nine when 
              he brought out the race's lone caution flag. he was unfortunately 
              forced to retire in the twenty-fifth position and ultimately finished 
              second in the track point standings behind only dylan yoder. full 
              results can be found online at www.portroyalspeedway.com. 
               (wrt speedwerx)

rainy labor day weekend 
              for rick eckert racing...
(september 
              2, 2024) rick eckert racing had a 
              big three-race labor day holiday weekend circled on their racing 
              calendar for august 30-september 1, but mother nature had other 
              plans and inclement weather canceled scheduled events at both port 
              royal (pa) speedway and selinsgrove (pa) speedway. in the lone show 
              that got into the record books on friday night at bedford speedway 
              in bedford, pennsylvania, rick eckert vied for the $12,055 first 
              place prize in the annual 'labor day 55.' unfortunately, "scrub" 
              was unable to transfer into the 55-lap ulms series special after 
              finishing sixth in his heat race and fourth in his b-main. full 
              results from bedford speedway can be accessed online at www.ulmsracing.com. 
              (b&t milne photography)

top ten for rick eckert 
              against lucas oil series foes!
(august 
              25, 2024) rick eckert, of york, pennsylvania, 
              battled the lucas oil late model dirt series stars on august 23-24 
              in the annual 'rumble by the river' at port royal speedway in port 
              royal, pennsylvania. with a $10,000 paycheck up for grabs in the 
              weekend opener on friday night, rick advanced to third in his loaded 
              heat race prior to passing five more cars during the 40-lap feature 
              en route to a strong tenth place performance. with a whopping $50,000 
              top prize on the line in the finale on saturday evening, rick finished 
              fifth in his heat race, second in his b-main, and fourteenth in 
              the 50-lapper - after starting from the outside of the eleventh 
              row. full results from the 'rumble by the river' weekend can be 
              found online by visiting www.lucasdirt.com. 
              (heath lawson photo)

"scrub" on 
              podium in nathan durboraw tribute race!
(august 
              11, 2024) the #0 team found themselves 
              in the pit area at the legendary hagerstown speedway in hagerstown, 
              maryland on saturday evening, august 10. the unsanctioned 'nathan 
              durboraw tribute' race was on tap and a $4,400 top prize was on 
              the line. rick eckert stopped the clock third fastest overall in 
              super late model qualifying before securing a victory in his heat 
              race. after placing third in the fast dash, "scrub" also 
              landed on the podium in third after 41 green flag circuits in the 
              main event. rick trailed only victor gregg satterlee and runner-up 
              trever feathers at the unfurling of the checkered flag. full results 
              from last night at hagerstown can be viewed online by clicking on 
              www.hagerstownspeedway.com. 
               (wrt speedwerx photo) 

rick eckert runner-up 
              to robinson in camp barnes benefit!
(august 
              2, 2024) rick eckert racing invaded 
              georgetown speedway in georgetown, delaware on thursday night, august 
              1. an unsanctioned super late model contest was held and a $5,000 
              winner's check was up for grabs in the annual 'camp barnes benefit' 
              race. rick eckert ran second in his heat race and later started 
              the 25-lap main event from the outside of the third row. "scrub" 
              was then able to blast past four competitors during the headliner 
              to land in the runner-up spot behind only victor ross robinson! 
              full results from last night at georgetown speedway can be accessed 
              online at www.thegeorgetownspeedway.com.

eckert competes in pair 
              of keystone state events...
(july 
              14, 2024) rick eckert and his #0 team 
              traveled to both bedford speedway in bedford, pennsylvania and port 
              royal speedway in port royal, pennsylvania from july 11-13 for a 
              pair of super late model specials. on thursday night at bedford 
              in the $15,000 to win 'billy winn classic,' which was sanctioned 
              by the world of outlaws case construction late model series, rick 
              placed third in his heat race and was making a run towards a possible 
              top five finish in the 45-lap feature until running into issues 
              late in the race. "scrub" was officially paid for a disappointing 
              nineteenth place effort.
following a day off on friday, it was back to racing 
              action for rick eckert racing on saturday evening at port royal 
              speedway. with no luck on his side throughout the unsanctioned program, 
              rick ran seventh in his heat race, sixth in his b-main, and nineteenth 
              in the $4,000 to win main event. complete results from both keystone 
              state speedplants can be viewed online by clicking on www.woolms.com 
              and www.portroyalspeedway.com.

rick eckert advances 
              to fourth in return to port royal
(july 
              7, 2024) rick eckert racing returned 
              to action on saturday evening, july 6 at port royal speedway in 
              port royal, pennsylvania. after winning his heat race, rick eckert 
              rolled off from the outside of the fourth row for the start of the 
              25-lap feature event. "scrub" was then able to move up 
              four spots during the course of the race en route to a strong fourth 
              place performance behind only $4,000 winner justin weaver, andrew 
              yoder, and colton flinner! complete results from last night at port 
              royal speedway can be located online by clicking on www.portroyalspeedway.com.

eckert steers chad julius' 
              #5 car to port royal victory!
(june 
              23, 2024) rick eckert picked up his 
              fourth win in the month of june on saturday, june 22 at port royal 
              speedway in port royal, pennsylvania! rick, who was piloting a #5 
              entry owned by chad julius, earned fast time honors during the super 
              late model qualifying session prior to finishing second in his heat 
              race. after starting the 25-lap weekly program from the pole position, 
              "scrub" led from flag-to-flag to bag the $4,000 top prize 
              ahead of runner-up andrew yoder, dylan yoder, dillan stake, and 
              hayes mattern! complete results from last night at port royal speedway 
              can be located online by clicking on www.portroyalspeedway.com. 
               (wrt speedwerx photo)

"scrub" beats 
              ams foes again for $5,000 at selinsgrove!!
(june 
              16, 2024) "scrub" rick eckert 
              found himself back in appalachian mountain speedweek (ams) victory 
              lane on thursday night, june 13 at the sprawling selinsgrove speedway 
              in selinsgrove, pennsylvania! after clicking off the sixth quickest 
              time overall during qualifying, rick won the fast dash to earn the 
              pole position for the 35-lap feature event. the york, pennsylvania 
              superstar then led from flag-to-flag in the headliner to pocket 
              the $5,000 winner's check over runner-up coleby frye, gregg satterlee, 
              hayes mattern, and matt cosner!
following a rain-out on friday evening, june 14 at 
              bedford (pa) speedway, another $5,000 top prize was up for grabs 
              with the ams tour on saturday, june 15 at lincoln speedway in abbottstown, 
              pennsylvania. rick unfortunately lost a motor during hot laps and 
              was forced to scratch from the remainder of the program. complete 
              results from the weekend can be accessed online by pointing your 
              web browser to www.lmspeedweek.com. 
               (rick neff photo)

rick eckert captures 
              $5,000 ams tour win at path valley!
(june 
              12, 2024) rick eckert recorded his 
              seventh career appalachian mountain speedweek (ams) victory on tuesday 
              night, june 11 at path valley speedway in spring run, pennsylvania! 
              rick knocked down the second quickest lap in his group during the 
              qualifying session before winning the fast dash. after starting 
              on the pole of the 35-lap main event, "scrub" led laps 
              1-10 and 22-35 to pick up the $5,000 top prize ahead of runner-up 
              mason zeigler, gregg satterlee, dan stone, and coleby frye!
in other ams action in recent days, rick finished 
              twenty-second on friday at clinton county (pa) speedway, ninth on 
              saturday at port royal (pa) speedway, and seventh on sunday at hagerstown 
              (md) speedway. the york, pennsylvania ace currently finds himself 
              fourth in the latest version of the appalachian mountain speedweek 
              point standings following the first four series events. full results 
              from each of these races can be found online at www.lmspeedweek.com. 
               (rick neff photo)

eckert storms from ninth 
              to win $4,000 at port royal!!!
(june 
              2, 2024) rick eckert racing celebrated 
              in victory lane for the first time in 2024 on saturday night, june 
              1 at port royal speedway in port royal, pennsylvania! after winning 
              his heat race from the eighth spot, rick eckert rolled off from 
              the inside of the fifth row in the 25-lap main event. rick then 
              blasted towards the front and eventually led the final five circuits 
              of the unsanctioned contest to bag the $4,000 first place prize 
              money ahead of runner-up andrew yoder, dylan yoder, justin weaver, 
              and logan zarin!
a night earlier on friday, may 31, the #0 team was 
              in the pit area at georgetown speedway in georgetown, delaware. 
              rick started third and won his heat race prior to starting the 25-lap 
              feature from the outside of the front row. "scrub" then 
              dominated the first half of the race before unfortunately blowing 
              a right front tire. after receiving attention from his crew, rick 
              returned to the track to salvage a fourth place showing behind only 
              $3,000 victor ross robinson, donald lingo, jr., and trevor collins. 
              complete results from both weekend races can be found online at 
              www.thegeorgetownspeedway.com 
              and www.portroyalspeedway.com.

rick eckert fifth on 
              sunday at bridgeport motorsports park
(may 
              27, 2024) rick eckert, of york, pennsylvania, 
              invaded bridgeport motorsports park in bridgeport, new jersey on 
              sunday, may 26, as the super late models raced for a $4,000 paycheck 
              in an unsanctioned affair. rick won his heat race from the outside 
              of the front row, but contact from another competitor in the 40-lap 
              main event helped drop him to a fifth place effort in the a-main. 
              at the checkers, "scrub" trailed only winner andrew yoder, 
              jason covert, dylan cecce, and bryan bernheisel. full results can 
              be found online by pointing your web browser to www.bridgeportmotorsportspark.com.

eckert climbs thirteen 
              spots for port royal top ten
(may 
              20, 2024) rick eckert racing returned 
              to competition on may 18-19 in a doubleheader weekend in their home 
              state of pennsylvania. on saturday night at port royal speedway 
              in port royal, pennsylvania, rick eckert placed sixth in his heat 
              race prior to securing a victory in his b-main. after rolling off 
              from the inside of the eleventh row in the $5,000 to win headliner, 
              "scrub" picked off thirteen competitors during the 25-lapper 
              to bring his #0 entry home in the eighth finishing position.
at path valley speedway in spring run, pennsylvania 
              on sunday evening, a $10,000 top prize was up for grabs with the 
              world of outlaws case construction late model series. rick finished 
              fifth in his loaded heat race and later grabbed the third and final 
              transfer spot through his b-main. the york, pennsylvania ace was 
              then unfortunately caught up in a lap 11 incident during the headliner 
              and was relegated to a disappointing twenty-fourth place effort. 
              full results can be accessed online at www.portroyalspeedway.com 
              and www.woolms.com.
 
 
 


















 




















