








heiber + schröder: your reliable partner for first-class rotary window patching and tray forming machines.


















































home
packaging
machinery
service
about
careers
contact
news

 
















driven by your needs
we offer 360° service: from advice to assembly
our service



know-how meets technology
h+s is your reliable partner: for first-class packaging machines
about us



all for modern packaging
unfold your possibilities – with the latest technologies
your packaging









how can we drive your business?



please choose


i am looking for a window patching solution
i am looking for a tray forming solution
i just want one of these marvelous german packaging machines
i need advice for my planning
i want to know more about long-time maintenance
i need spare parts for my machine
i need to talk
















tray forming





window patching





machines





representatives





technical service














want to talk with us?
get help by phone or email, ask for a quote or set up repair.
contact our support for help















releases

expanding leadership: heiber+schröder welcomes new ceowe are delighted to welcome our new team member, jan michaelis, to heiber+schröder maschinenbau gmbh. jan has joined us as of october last year as new ceo and md, side by side to andre garmer, to strengthen the management of the group.newsheiber+schröder usa @ supercorrexpo 2024heiber+schröder usa is exhibiting at supercorrexpo® 2024 in orlando, fl from september 8-12! stop by at our booth #2737 to learn about all the latest developments in tray forming and window patching. we are looking forward to seeing you there!news














https://heiber-schroeder.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/hs_video_211123_1080_compressed.mp4 







your packaging






















find out more


find out more







about heiber + schröder
we are your reliable partner for first-class rotary window patching and tray forming machines. we support you professionally and personally in all phases of the product life cycle – with targeted advice, pioneering know-how and the latest technologies. our aim: unfolding your possibilities, whatever it takes.
 








would you like to join us?

view jobs








get in touch with us





telephone

phone support: +49 2104-9376-0

during business hours: please contact your customer service manager.






e-mail

sales: info@heiber-schroeder.com
service: support@heiber-schroeder.com
spare parts: spares@heiber-schroeder.com

 
send us a message. we will answer your inquiry immediately.







imprint
data protection notes
 
© heiber + schröder maschinenbau gmbh 2025















we only use strictly necessary cookies on our website. these are essential to move around the website and to use its features. by clicking “yes, i agree” you allow us to use these technically necessary cookies and to save your setting.
by clicking “decline” you can still visit our website. you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies next time you visit our website again.yes, i agreedeclinedata protection notes




