
























industrial hose manufacturer - hoses & ducting - flexaust inc.


























































 
















search





(800) 343-0428




english



spanish










facebook
linkedin
youtube


















close

products

hoses and accessories

industrial hoses | flexaust
industrial hose accessories
floor care hoses
floor care cuffs, connectors and adapters


commercial cleaning tools

carpet tools
floor brushes
kits
overhead cleaning
specialty tools
squeegee tools


industrial cleaning tools

carpet tools
floor brushes
specialty tools
squeegee tools


wands & extensions

aluminum wands
chrome steel wands
extension wands
plastic wands
stainless steel wands
telescopic wands


attachments

crevice tools
dust brushes
upholstery tools
utility tools


market applications

find product by industry




resources

request a catalog
product guides
market applications
video library
industrial hoses from flexaust
ducting 101
ebooks


about & support

history,  mission & vision
locations
24 hour shipping program
schauenburg companies
product support
sales & support team
order samples


industries served

a/c dehumidification & heater ducting
anti-static hoses
agriculture
automotive
dust collection
floor care
industrial mro
leaf and lawn
plastics
ventilation
woodworking

static control




blog
 


contact us
request a quote
















hose manufacturer
flexible hose, ducting & accessories used in industrial and commercial applications involving air, fume, dust and lightweight material handling.


contact an expert
browse our products by industry











hose






accessories






commercial tools & cleaning






industrial cleaning tools






wands & extensions






attachments







market applications
flexaust is dedicated to problem-solving and innovation to deliver quality products for air, fume dust, light material handling and severe service applications. find your industrial hose for your industry or application here.







dust collection






high temperature






ventilation






static control






material handling






fume exhaust






industrial vacuum


view all applications






ebooks 





the industrial vacuum hoses buying guide
good, better or best: how to select the right material for your industrial hose
how to add flexaust to your supply chain
the rising importance of proper ventilation












the industrial vacuum hoses buying guide having the right industrial vacuum hose and tools is key to completing tasks properly and efficiently. this ebook provides a comprehensive overview of various industrial hose materials and their applications.
view ebook 








good, better or best: how to select the right material for your industrial hose it is important to make sure industrial hoses are manufactured to be durable and flexible to withstand demanding conditions. this ebook provides an overview of different industrial hose materials, their benefits, and applications.
view ebook 








how to add flexaust to your supply chain when you add flexaust products to your supply chain, you gain a partner with over 85 years of experience. our experts take a problem-solving approach to help guide you in selecting the best product solutions.
view ebook 








the rising importance of proper ventilation businesses are overhauling and reconfiguring their existing ventilation strategies to ensure ​​sufficient ventilation for their indoor spaces. find out more about how to update your ventilation systems.
view ebook 










product guides







flexaust 2024 catalog 

flexaust commercial & industrial, vacuum attachments 

a/c, dehumidification & heater ducting 

lawn and leaf collection products 

product safety measures 








 


flexaust 2024 catalog view our extensive catalog of durable, long lasting, flexible hose and ducting options for industrial and commercial use. our products are suitable for a variety of applications involving air, dust, fume, and lightweight materials. 




 


flexaust commercial & industrial, vacuum attachments flexaust® is your number one source for vacuum hose and cleaning attachments with the broadest selection in the industry. find the tools you need for industrial air movement, dust collection, fume control, and light bulk material handling. 




 


a/c, dehumidification & heater ducting our fx-series hoses are a reliable solution for your air flow needs. explore our guide to find helpful details about our high-strength ducting hoses, kits, accessories and end finishes. 




 


lawn and leaf collection products handle lawn and leaf collection clean-up effectively with our collection of high-performing hoses. choose from several options that can assist with residential, commercial, and municipal landscaping applications. 




 


product safety measures discover key features and benefits of our anti-static hose solutions. find out how each product supports applications such as material handling and dust collection. 










videos 













































who we are
flexaust is a leading hose and ducting manufacturer serving a range of industrial and commercial markets and applications.









view our locations







contact our sales and support team







view our history, mission and vision





















1510 armstrong rd. warsaw, in 46580
(800) 343 - 0428facebook
linkedin
youtube
 



terms of use
sitemap
careers
privacy & security
 

hoses and accessories
commercial cleaning tools
industrial cleaning tools
wands & extensions
attachments
 



















flexaust inc. © 2025 all rights reserved







contact


contact
xdownload our product catalog





































