


north carolina's custom timber frame log home builder













custom luxury log home & timber frame builder in boone, banner elk, lake norman, nc




































breaking news!
  









a simple straight forward log home company
the right choice for 
              your custom timber frame or log home dream
 




old hickory 
              log homes and construction, inc. takes pride in providing you with 
              multiple services to meet your log home construction needs. 
              whether its 
log package
 components, 
dry in
 shell, or our 
complete turnkey
timber frame or custom log home, old hickory can provide you with 
              exactly what you need to make your log home a reality.
 






quality products

*kiln 
              dried or dead standing pre-cut log components reduce settling 
              in our log system. no need for bolt system adjustments with our 
              log homes.
              *milling of 35+ different log profiles and corner styles 
              allows for customization of your log system to achieve just the 
              look you have dreamed of.
              *wood species selections of eastern white pine, engleman 
              spruce, western red cedar, and lodgepole pine are just a few of 
              the species available in our log systems. each has its unique 
              character and style. our log professionals will help you decide 
              which is right for you budget.
              *energy efficient doors, windows and sealing products along 
              with top performing package components provides you with quality 
              you will want for your dream home. 





              superior service

*construction 
              services that include on site consultation, shell dry in and 
              our complete turnkey home allows you to choose the option that 
              best fits your needs. all of our construction options are provided 
              by old hickory construction, inc. this means if you choose to have 
              old hickory build your home, you will have the confidence of 
              knowing that the log package components are provided by the same 
              individuals that are responsible for the construction process.
              *custom design services are available for both floor plans 
              and interior design. so if one of our standard plans is not 
              meeting your needs, our design team will work with you to create 
              the log home of your dreams.
              *financing - old hickory is a knowledgeable source for both 
              construction and permanent financing that is log home friendly. we 
              can introduce you to the right professional that will answer your 
              financial questions and help you from pre-qualification to final 
              loan.
                




our strong 
              commitment to quality and customer service sets us apart from all 
              others in the log home industry



 



custom timber frame & log homes l about 
              our company l
why buy from us? l log packages l
log dry in l
turn key | floor plans l
photo gallery l
view the process l
faq's l
planning your log home
links l contact us
custom luxury log home & timber frame builder in boone, banner elk, lake norman, nc
web development:
                     
                  webmarketsinc.com










