





register cheap domain names from $1.99 | websitespot

































































 








 24/7 support   (480) 624-2500
 login
  support 

 













domain names

domain name search
bulk domain transfers
renew domains
private registration
domain name forwarding
my domain names
how to register a domain name


hosting & email

web hosting plans
email plans
ssl certificates
check my web mail


website builders

website builder
wordpress hosting
shopping cart software
website design
free website building consultation


marketing tools

diy marketing software
email marketing software
shopping cart software
logo design


marketing services

search engine optimization
local seo
social media marketing
pay per click (ppc) management


resellers
 






 




cheap domain names:

 $2.99*
 $8.99*
 $8.99*
 $8.99*























website hosting
you have your domain name and you're looking for fast, reliable web hosting. we have plans from $6.99/mo and 24/7 phone support to get you started!

get started now!


website builders
if the domain name you registered is for an informational website, our online website builder is perfect. no technical knowledge is required either and offers 1-click setup!

get started now!


email accounts
an email address that has your domain name (@yourdomain.com) is an excellent way to show professionalism. plans start at $3.99/mo for up to 5 custom domain email addresses! 

get started now!







free with every domain name
with every domain name that you register or transfer to websitespot, you'll receive a variety of free domain services to make your website both more useful as well as secure. a few of the free domain name services include domain name forwarding, domain masking, domain locking and email forwarding. email forwarding allows you to setup an email such as info@yourdomain.com and forward the emails to any email address such as your yahoo or gmail account.


free
domain forwarding
learn more



free
email forwarding
learn more



free
domain masking
learn more









ssl certificates
it is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content .
learn more



wordpress hosting
it is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content .
learn more



website visibility
it is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content .
learn more







valuable website building tools




search engine marketing
seo and competitor analysis, on-page optimization and link building services

 




local marketing
goolge business, map and local director optimization for your small business

 




local map optimization
map optimization for local search on google, mapquest, foursquare to get you found

 




social media management
management of social media for your business for facebook, twitter & more

 




pay per click management
management of adwords and adcenter campaigns to cut costs and improve traffic

 




 

 





how to register a domain name complete a domain name search
if you want to build a website, the first thing you'll need is to register a domain name. website spot offers cheap domain names to make it easy and affordable. it all starts with and idea of what your website is about. then you simply type in that idea into the domain search box located at the top of this page. at that point you'll get a notification of whether the domain is available or not. if it is, you complete the registration along with web hosting or a website builder. if not, you'll need to try some other variations of the domain until you find a domain name that's available for registration.
 


domain name add-onscomplete a domain name search
after you've registered your domain name, there are add-ons such as private domain registration that keeps you personal information private or domain name forwarding which would be ideal for an insurance agent or realtor that is given a corporate web page but would like to use a memorable domain name that clients can type in.
 

 

 






 


subscribe to our mailing list





this field is required.











 





  customer service

store home
 about websitespot
  support
  faq
 why websitespot
 google plus

  shopping
 domain search
  catalog
  shopping cart
deals of the day
affiliate program
mobile website

  webmaster tools

$3.95/mo web hosting
google business suite
get a company logo
professional wordpress themes
blog

  my account

my account
my renewals
create account

  shopping

product catalog
domain name search
promotions

  copyright © 2015 websitespot llc. all rights reserved. mobile site
 














