



	wolters kluwer - insurance compliance solutions










































log in to nils:



please select your service:
hub
insource
market conduct
claims
contract provisions
state filing
matrices
cancellation & nonrenewal
policies & procedures insurance


                           

                             
                        




                                 
                            



                                 
                            




                                 forgot login id/password



















                 










login id and password recovery



which product do you need your login id and password for?

please select your service:
hub
insource
market conduct
claims
contract provisions
state filing
matrices
cancellation & nonrenewal









if you have forgotten your login id and/or password, follow 
                         the prompts above and you will receive a link to your inbox to recover your login id and/or password. if you have not 
                         received a login id or password, or you are having trouble logging in, please contact customer support at (800) 552-9410 x1121010 
                                            or by email at customersupportinsurancedigital@wolterskluwer.com .        
                                            

















email verification







                                                        please enter your email address to log on to insource:
                                                     




                                                         
                                                    






















 

 
                order uniform forms today 











if you are an insource subscriber, to try nils hub, login above.
                        to learn more about subscribing to nils insource + nils hub, schedule a demo today. 



search nils insource:
















 nils
                nils solutions combine proven technology, regulatory content and the expertise of wolters kluwer financial services. timely and relevant data, intuitive research, and powerful search tools provide the ideal solution to improve productivity and reduce non-compliance risks. nils is part of the onesumx ecosystem of complementary and comprehensive solutions and services to help you better manage the intersection of governance, finance, risk and compliance. 


onesumx for operational compliance


nils claims(formerly authenticweb for claims)

nils state filing(formerly authenticweb for state filing)

nils contract provisions(formerly authenticweb for contract provisions)

nils cancellation & nonrenewal(formerly authenticweb for cancellation & nonrenewal)


onesumx for regulatory intelligence & research


nils insource

nils xml feed

nils matrices(formerly authenticweb matrices)

nils market conduct – property & casualty(formerly complianceware)

nils market conduct – life & health(formerly nils insource market conduct module)










announcements









privacy and cookie policy | 
                        contact us



                        ©
                        
                        wolters kluwer financial services, inc.  all rights reserved.
                    












