







home - iri







































skip to content







 








 
home
about us
iri family
partners
services

laboratories accreditation certification inspection welding activities research & development refrigerants reclamation center

useful links

ministry of industry ministry of economy and trade united nations industrial development organization (unido) united nations development program (undp) european union – lebanese delegation association of lebanese industrialists

news
contact
x
 









 search


search


 close this search box.











customer assistance


















				industrial research institute				









a single reach for the 




							knowledge						

							care						

							development  						



 of your business









established in 1953, the industrial research institute focus lies in industrial research, scientific testing and certification services. 










discover more










contact us



















				our events				






latest event 
prime minister najib mikati inaugurated the new pharmaceutical laboratories at lebanon's industrial research institute.

 






 





 








aug 5, 2024 






prime minister mikati inaugurates new pharmaceutical laboratories at industrial research institute 



					prime minister najib mikati inaugurated the new pharmaceutical laboratories at the industrial research institute. the event was notable for the presence of key figures such as ministers george bouchikian (industry)				






read more »


























				our services				






expert care for all your business needs 



at iri, we offer a comprehensive range of services designed to empower your business. from meticulous lab testing and certification guidance to top-tier welding, rigorous inspections, and cutting-edge r&d, we provide expert support throughout your journey.we are committed to delivering customized solutions that guarantee quality, compliance, and innovation for your company. 





 








 




							 laboratory						












 




							certification						












 




							accreditation						














 




							inspection						












 




							welding						












 




							research						























 




							call us						


						+961 (5) 467831 to 7					










our 170 highly qualified professionals, comprising experts, specialists, and engineers proficient in various fields are happy to to support you in all your business inquiries. 










get in touch



























 
 








 





70+
						years
					 
of experience

 












				why us				






 why choose the industrial research institute? 
established in 1953, the industrial research institute (iri) is registered as a lebanese nonprofit institution declared of public utility by d/l n° 10059 dated 17 august 1955, linked to the ministry of industry by lawn° 642/1997, with administrative and financial autonomy for studies, industrial research and scientific testing, calibration, inspection and certification (system, product and personnel).

 








 




							custom file						












 




							related services						












 




							iri family						












more about us


















































				our goal				






we aim  for you! 
our mission is to ensure an adequate service regarding technical and scientific support to the lebanese industrialists and the national economy, especially in the framework of the partnership’s agreements with the european community and lebanon’s integration in the world trade organization (wto).

 







 aims
						the activities and services of the institute are organized to realize the following aims:
					 
in carrying out its functions, the institute adheres to ethical and professional standards whereby it safeguards the clients' best interests.
furthermore, iri regards as the client’s property any information, processes, patent or techniques developed during work with the client and safeguards such matters in complete secrecy.
we ensure continuity in production, development, commercial activities, and import-export operations.

 














				our offer				






we offer a complete range of services 
we offer a complete range of laboratory and research services, in accordance with international, national and industry specific standards, or client specifications, for clients in quality and risk sensitive industries.

 







 







01. 




affordable price
 



submit your application today to become an iri member and gain access to numerous benefits. 



the benefits include accessing the institute’s newsletter and library, receiving assistance in establishing contacts with third parties, participating in specialized seminars, and enjoying discounts on laboratory services. 







 
read more













 







02. 



professional team 



as leaders in our industry we hold ourselves to the highest standard of professional behavior as embedded in our code of integrity. 



a strong governance structure ensures that transparency remains at the heart of our activities. the top management is actively involved in overseeing the delivery of our sustainability strategy. 







 
read more













 







03. 



mobile app for status update 



customers no longer need to wait  to inquire about the status of their custom file. 



customers can receive instant status updates on their mobile devices, keeping them informed about the progress of their requests or orders. 







 
read more














more services























				client reviews				






what our clients are saying about us 






leave us a review











at iri, we value the feedback of our customers.here’s what they’re saying about their experience with us: 












it was a great opportunity for me to attend this diverse and well-implemented training course with excellent instructors and presentation style, organized under the maia-taqa project by elcim at iri. 







rania mohamed abdelhamidenvironmental engineer  








 5/5 













i appreciate the efforts of dr. frenn and iri team for their exceptional care. we look forward to further collaboration, benefiting from the institute’s expertise and advanced laboratories 







zafer shawipresident of the vine and wine federation 








 5/5 













the offerings of iri are fundamental for lebanese industrialists, fostering industry development and modernization by expanding business volumes, overcoming competition challenges, and accessing demanding export markets. 







georges bouchikianminister of the industry 








 4.5/5 























				our events				






upcoming events 












 








feb 11, 2025 






certified training for solar pv systems – lcec 






read more »




























				annual report				






check the latest newsletters &  annual report! 



stay updated with our latest newsletter and annual report showcasing the industrial research institute’s ongoing success and high-performance in control, research, development, and testing.  










check more












 





 





2023 








english pdf










arabic pdf


























				our news				






latest news from us! 




 





 





news 



prime minister mikati inaugurates new pharmaceutical laboratories at industrial research institute 



					prime minister najib mikati inaugurated the new pharmaceutical laboratories at the industrial research institute. the event was notable for the presence of key figures such as ministers george bouchikian (industry)				











 





news 



certified training for solar pv systems – lcec 



					in collaboration with the industrial research institute (iri), almee has organized a professional training on photovoltaic systems applied to the industry sector in particular, within the framework of the activities of the ademe-almee convention.				











 





news 



the first lebanese wine science colloquiuim 



					on march 20, 2024, the national institute of vine and wine, established by decree no. 5638 dated september 19, 2019, in collaboration with the industrial research institute				













view more



















				our report				






check the latest statistical report! 



discover insights into trends, patterns, and relationships through quantitative data analysis in our latest statistical report. 










check it now














				subscribe				






subscribe to get latest update from us 



stay informed with our latest updates! subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive insights into the industrial research institute’s ongoing achievements and innovations. 










 


								email							



 



sign up !



















 



the industrial research institute, your partner for technical excellence in lebanon. 






facebook-f
 



linkedin
 








useful links 






about us




faq




contact us




job opportunities









services 






pricing




partners




iri family









contact information 



feel free to contact & reach us 






 
lebanese university campus hadat (baabda)




 
+961 (5) 467831 to 7





 
+961 (3) 286340




 
1107 2806 beirut




 
info@iri.org.lb









mobile app 






 





 




















copyright © 2024, all rights reserved. developed by codewizpro 







































