








san diego real estate & homes for sale | alexiou realty



















































0



you have 0 saved searches






0



you have 0 favorite properties







 sign in 













 home 


 search
												



 search condos 


 search detached homes 


 search townhomes 


 search open houses 




 communities 


 buyers 


 sellers
												



 free home valuation 




 about
												



contact




 news 



 




















the key to your new san diego real estate starts here.




find your home!
search city, zip, complex, neighborhood, community, address, or mls#




type any location or mls#
start typing & select from the dropdown









 advanced search 


21

active listings



 listing data updates every 30 minutes 













san diego real estate  ( market stats for 02-16-2025 )
												


0

new



0

back on market



0

reduced



0

open houses



0

pending



0

sold


















just listed homes for sale


													below are some of today's new home listings in san diego county.
												

as of now there are no new properties listed today in the san diego county. please check back later as new real estate listings are entered throughout the day.
													
													in the meantime, you can browse all new listings during the past 7 days by clicking the button below.




																view more new listings
															














san diego communities

														one of the first steps in purchasing real estate is finding the right neigborhood in the right community. how does it compare to the other san diego communities? does it offer what you want and need? how are the schools? which community fits your lifestyle the best?
													



															 find your community
														












latest san diego real estate news








san diego median price vs total inventory (live 3-year chart).














san diego county market data

													current san diego real estate data for active listings by property type as of today
												




14

																detached homes
															




6

																condos
															




1

																townhomes
															




0

																lofts
															




0

																twinhomes
															




0

																rowhomes
															







charts real estate data on the charts below for the city of san diego consists of 6-month sold properties data from all of the city’s neighborhoods. if you are interested in selling or buying a home, please let us know and we’ll send you a comprehensive report with decision making data for your neighborhood.









































													welcome to a better way to shop, buy and sell san diego real estate
												
all the right info, right where you want it.
the old days of keeping real estate information from buyers and sellers to secure a sale are way behind us. at alexiou realty we make things as transparent as possible by providing you with the right tools to gather everything that is available to realtors on a home listing and we are presenting it to you in a way that is easy to understand. that way you can make the decisions that are right for you, right from the start. we are always a phone call or a click away to answer your san diego real estate related questions and assist you in any way we can!























about

george alexiou gri, abr

										broker - realtor® e-pro
										
										ca bre# 01311383
										
direct:
 (619) 921-0284

										serving the san diego communities since 2001...
									


popular searches

oceanfront real estate
bayfront properties
ocean view real estate
golf course properties



follow us on



























 



popular san diego neighborhoods:


downtown san diego   1 -
										

hillcrest   0 -
										

bankers hill   0 -
										

mission hills   0 -
										

north park   0 -
										

kensington   0 -
										

mission valley   0 -
										

point loma   0 -
										

coronado   1 -
										

ocean beach   1 -
										

mission beach   1 -
										

pacific beach   0 -
										

la jolla   3 -
										

del mar   0 -
										

solana beach   0 -
										

cardiff by the sea   0 -
										

carmel valley   0 -
										

scripps ranch   0 -
										

rancho penasquitos   0 -
										

rancho bernardo   0 -
										

carmel mountain ranch   0 -
										

poway   1 -
										

4s ranch   0 -
										

otay ranch   0 -
										

eastlake   0 -
										

rolling hills   0






this information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. you should rely on this information only to decide whether or not to further investigate a particular property. before making any other decision, you should personally investigate the facts (e.g. square footage and lot size) with the assistance of an appropriate professional. you may use this information only to identify properties you may be interested in investigating further. all uses except for personal, non-commercial use in accordance with the foregoing purpose are prohibited. redistribution or copying of this information, any photographs or video tours is strictly prohibited. this information is derived from the internet data exchange (idx) service provided by san diego mls. displayed property listings may be held by a brokerage firm other than the broker and/or agent responsible for this display. the information and any photographs and video tours and the compilation from which they are derived is protected by copyright. compilation 2025 san diego mls, inc.










									2025 all rights reserved by  george alexiou


privacy policy
									 - 
									sitemap



george alexiou, broker - ca dre# 01311383
  equal housing opportunity: equal opportunity employer. it is illegal to discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.
						 		san diego mls info provided by san diego mls, inc the official san diego mls database provider. this site is not the official san diego mls, nor do we claim to be.

 













 




