home | abbybank | abbotsford, wi  





 homeskip to main contentskip to footerview sitemapdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. rates calculators locations contact usfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentabbybank   login to online banking  close main nav back

personal


bank


find the right account

checking accounts

savings accounts

money market

health savings

cds & iras



borrow


mortgages

personal loans

personal credit cards





business/ag


bank


find the right account

business/ag checking

business/ag savings

business cds



borrow


business loans

agricultural loans

business credit cards





services


personal


online & mobile services

overdraft solutions



business


online & mobile services

cash management



card services


debit & prepaid cards

credit cards



wire instructions



resource center


newsroom


abbybank blog

enewsletter

press releases

annual reports



financial resources


scam prevention

elder financial abuse protection

id theft & fraud protections



additional resources


community room rental

calculators

order checks





about us


our story


who we are

careers

donation requests

charitable foundation

community involvement



our team


retail banking team

business banking team

leadership team



connect with us


contact us

holiday hours



our locations


abbotsford

appleton

gresham

medford

shawano

wausau

weston

withee





 rates calculators locations contact us open site search  open main site menu  login to online bankinggood afternoonwelcome to ebanking.personalbusinessebanking id logincompany id user id loginnew user? enroll  searchwhat can we help you find?search abbybank start search

looking for one of these?


find a branch

current rates

contact us



phone: 1-800-288-2229routing #075911713nmls #476859abbybank         brian butch - abbybank partner      teaming up!
at abbybank, we share brian butch's passion for making a difference. see how our partnership brings teamwork and support to the heart of our community.
discover our partnership    featured business      elevate your business
big or small, we understand your unique needs. let our expert team fuel your success. let's make your business thrive!
view featured business    retire your way      big dreams start with a plan.
with abbybank's individual retirement accounts (iras), your retirement dreams don't just stay dreams. we're here to help you live them.
get started today!   welcome
hi, we’re abbybank. we are so happy you’re here!
handpicked recommendations just for you.   personal checking
great account options for all.
compare accounts  bright future checking
an account that can grow with your kiddo.
bright future details  business online & mobile services
secure, 24/7 access to your accounts.
go to online & mobile customer testimonial 
"we love the personal attention to detail and the service we get firsthand. the appleton staff is always welcoming and professional and answer any questions we have to continue to support us in our business. we feel at ease knowing our accounts are managed at abbybank and as we continue to grow, we know abbybank will support us with even more services and tools to operate efficiently."
  
ryne lodl and dan lorge, partners of encompass security in neenah, wi    
find the right account
need help deciding? we got you!
take our quiz and discover which personal account will be ideal for your unique needs.
  take the quiz      ag loans
proudly supporting farmers since 1968.
our agricultural loan officers have the knowledge and experience to keep you growing.  view loan options     


business loans
drive your business forward.
we're committed to your success. team up with a commercial loan officer to discover what abbybank can do for you.

compare loan options


    learn
stay tuned to the latest.   
 all
 budgeting
 business
 community
 credit cards
 cyber security
 cybersecurity
 financial education
 fraud
 general
 mortgage
 online banking
 personal
 retirement
 savings
 seasonal
 students

3  recent news
abbybank welcomes jim meyer as commercial lender in shawano wi

abbybank foundation contributes $50,000 to rec center in medford
see all news  
02/18/2025


how to avoid common debt traps
 
read more on how to avoid common debt traps
  
02/11/2025


protect yourself from bank impersonation scams
 
read more on protect yourself from bank impersonation scams
  
02/04/2025


getting married in 2025? here's your go-to wedding budget checklist
 
read more on getting married in 2025? here's your go-to wedding budget checklist
  explore the abbybank blog for more great articles!      happy to help  connect
we’d love to talk to you.
have a question or concern? we’re all ears.  update contact information  need to notify us of an address change? you can change your address by logging onto your online banking account. once logged in, click on more. then click on 'customer service' and choose either 'contact information' and/or 'street address'. or you can click the 'all' menu option, then in the submenu bar, click on 'settings' and choose from either the 'email and phone numbers' option or the 'street address' option to update your information.       visit us  visit us at any of our locations to explore firsthand what sets us apart. we look forward to welcoming you with the warmth and expertise that defines our service.  locations  holiday hours  call us  
if you have any questions regarding banking with abbybank, we will be happy to help you out.
call us at 1 800-288-2229 or at any of our locations.
abbotsford - 715-223-2345appleton - 920-993-1234gresham - 715-787-3201medford - 715-748-5333shawano - 715-526-2265wausau - 715-848-1610weston - 715-241-6336withee - 715-229-3500
customer support hoursmonday - thursday: 8 am - 5 pmfriday - 8 am - 5:30 pm
                                       social
follow us for all things abbybank.              prefer updates in your inbox? sign up for our enewsletter!  why abbybank
we'd make a great team.  5 star rated
we proudly hold a 5-star rating from bauer financial, affirming our position as one of the strongest financial institutions in the nation.  innovative solutions
our commitment to innovation means you'll have access to the latest and most secure financial tools.   banking since 1968
with a rich heritage in banking, we bring decades of experience and financial expertise to provide you with reliable and trusted services.  thank you for choosing abbybank.

craig stuedemannpresident & ceo  looking to make the switch? fantastic! contact us abbybank 

facebook

twitter

linked in

youtube



company


contact us

locations & hours

careers

privacy policy

secure upload



resources


usa patriot act

terms & conditions

disclosures

sitemap



phone: 1-800-288-2229routing #075911713nmls #476859 go to the top of the page approved to offer sba loan products under sba's preferred lender program.equal housing lender  member fdic 

©  abbybank open account  
