









	home




















































skip to content






























for parents
lamaze learning center
certification center
login
search







login 












about




about lamaze


lamaze leadership


contact us


press


councils and committees






get involved




join lamaze


become a contact hour provider


attend an educator seminar


labor support workshop


advocate


volunteer


donate


shop






certification




certification center


about lcce certification


about the lcce exam


certification resources


recertification


scholarships + grants






education & resources




lamaze learning center


webinars


journal of perinatal education


connecting the dots blog


the lamaze podcast


business resources


teaching resources


lamaze reports






partnerships




lamaze licensing


partner with lamaze





for parents
lamaze learning center
certification center
search



























empowering childbirth educators, transforming birth
as the trusted leader in childbirth education for over 60 years, lamaze equips childbirth educators with the expertise they need to empower parents from pregnancy to parenthood.
learn more







access the journal of perinatal education
read the leading peer-reviewed journal specifically for childbirth educators. through evidence-based articles, the jpe advances the knowledge of aspiring and seasoned educators in any setting.
learn more







showcase your expertise
the lamaze certified childbirth educator (lcce) credential is the gold standard in childbirth education—recognized globally for excellence, evidence-based practice, and a commitment to empowering families.
learn more
















i am a childbirth professional


i am a new or expectant parent













become a lamaze certified childbirth educator


learn about the lamaze certified childbirth educator (lcce) certification and how to get started.












discover the latest science and research


advance your knowledge with evidence-based articles in the journal of perinatal education (jpe).












explore continuing education opportunities


enhance your childbirth education expertise and earn contact hours with lamaze online education.














expecting? find a local lamaze class
a lamaze certified childbirth educator (lcce) is your trusted partner for one of the most important journeys of your life. find a class in your area to help you prepare for a safe and healthy birth.



find a class
















did you know?

in 2022, the u.s. had 22 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births, significantly higher than other high-income nations.
over 80% of maternal deaths in the u.s. are likely preventable.
nearly two-thirds of maternal deaths in the u.s. occur during the postpartum period, up to 42 days following birth.
in 2022, the u.s. had 22 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births, significantly higher than other high-income nations.
over 80% of maternal deaths in the u.s. are likely preventable.
nearly two-thirds of maternal deaths in the u.s. occur during the postpartum period, up to 42 days following birth.


















testimonial/quote here ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. aenean eleifend id arcu id vehicula. suspendisse lacinia nec nunc a posuere. quisque molestie fringilla metus.
name, credentlals

































                    2001 k street nw, 3rd floor north
                    washington, dc 20006
                    202-367-1128
info@lamaze.org














lamaze policies
privacy policy
terms of service
google translate





				    copyright ©  lamaze international. all rights reserved
				



login













