



smart drain - the revolutionary new patented drainage material for all your drainage needs.



















 


home | links    






how it works



applications



products


manuals


installations


contact us






golf courses
athletic fields
retaining walls
tunnels
foundation drainage
residential





 




 
 




phone number:  1-800-638-8582
                           |
    e-mail address:  info@smartdrain.com


2/18/2025




 
 




 







 

welcome !


click on images to enlarge

 







"the new standard in drainage"












smart drain™  is a revolutionary new drainage material that has finally solved the biggest 
            problem in drainage, clogging! many other systems have claimed to solve clogging, but only smart drain™  
            has achieved this definitively. smart drain™  is a belt of extruded pvc that is constructed 
            with tiny micro siphons that literally pull water from the ground. these micro siphons are specially constructed to utilize the capillary 
            and siphoning properties inherent water in a high performance drainage material. unlike ordinary perforated pipe and filter fabrics, 
            it doesn’t clog over time.
        
 
		


"smart drain does not clog, period!"




		    not only does smart drain™  not clog, the capillary and siphoning properties provide active 
		    drainage what is "active drainage" you might ask? active drainage is when water is drained faster than what the normal permeability 
		    of the soil and gravity would allow for.  in saturated conditions smart drain™  starts 
		    to work, literally sucking water into its micro channels. next, the siphoning action provides additional performance by forming long 
		    columns of water that, by their own weight, are pulled into a collection system. moreover, once the soil is de-saturated, 
		    smart drain™  leaves just enough moisture behind to ensure optimum conditions for turf and 
		    plant growth. no more brown spots over your drainage system!
	    
 
	    


"no other drainage product is as effective without mechanical help."




smart drain™  can work in any soil type!! it is also very easy to work with. 
		    browse through the site and see a few of the many installations of smart drain™ . 
		    notice both the lack of heavy machinery and the clean water coming from the outlets. smart drain™ , 
		    patented around the world, is truly a new standard in drainage!
	    
 
	    






 

copyright ©2003-2025 smart drain. all rights reserved

 







 






