

whitefish rv park | whitefish koa | near glacier nat'l park












skip to content










home
things to do
ways to relax
fun for kids
campground facilities
buffalo bob's fun center
groups and reunions
motorcycles




reservations
make reservations online 
or by phone: 1-800-562-8734
more info: 1-406-862-4242















kabins in the trees



cozy sites



close to glacier park 





 
come to whitefish, montana on your vacation
we have sites for any sized rv as well as kabins, kottages and grassy tent sites. 
our campground is only 24 miles from glacier national park. it is located in a secluded valley off the highway just a couple miles from whitefish 
			and a short drive from kalispell. most folks who stay in our campground visit glacier park.

general information about glacier park camping 
fun for kids: we have a large playground, pool, bikes, kiddie paddleboats, mini putting, and a game room. most activities are free! your kids will not be bored at the whitefish koa.
relax after touring glacier: let us handle dinner. join us at our nightly barbeque. relax in our adults only hot tub or gaze into the embers of your campfire.
click here for a printer friendly data sheet. 
whitefish/kalispell north koa - glacier park koa
looking for a campground near glacier national park?  you've found it!  we're near glacier and a 
			short drive from whitefish and kalispell. 


whitefish rv park
whitefish, montana got its start in 1904 when the great northern railway was built 
			through the area. the area was originally known as stumptown because of all the timber 
			that had to be cleared to build the town and railroad.  many early residents of the 
			town worked for the railroad or in the logging industry.
kalispell rv park
charles edward conrad, a businessman and banker from fort benton, montana, 
		   formed the kalispell townsite company with three other men.  
		   kalispell was officially incorporated as a city in 1892. kalispell serves as the 
		   county seat and commercial center of flathead county. the name kalispell is a 
		   salish word meaning "flat land above the lake".







whitefish weather l2



glacier park web cam
whitefish web cam
what will the weather be like during your trip?










visit whitefish/kalispell north koa




whitefish koa
5121 highway 93 south
whitefish, mt 59937


information: (406) 862-4242
email: info@glacierparkkoa.com


reserve online now!
or by phone: (800) 562-8734

koa pet policy






© 2002 - 

2025
whitefish koa


privacy policy | 
contact us | 
map & driving directions | 
facebook page (new window) | 
sitemap












