



	bluegrass messengers - home




































bluegrass messengers
skip over navigation




home



blog



bios



recordings



bluegrass lyrics



contact



concerts 



history



booking



roots





home
site map
register
search
sign in












welcome! for research click lyrics or roots 
hi, this is my educational research site dedicated mainly to traditional music. currently i'm working on us and canadian versions of the child ballads (click bluegrass lyrics>ballads> 305 child ballads). the child ballad section (the 305 child ballads) is way over 10,000 pages! also check out my books and articles (click roots> roots; old-time folk & bluegrass and related books- it's near the bottom of left hand column). anyone who wants to help do research on this site; edit; or just comment please- contact me: richiematt7@gmail.com i do this research for you! if you want to help me please do; you can make a donation or a suggestion, share some lyrics. i want to thank you for using and sharing this research - this site is dedicated to you and all who have shared their songs through the ages. carry on!

richard l. matteson jr. 2014

   [below is my painting of tenbrooks and molly: which is exhibited at the country music hall-of-fame museum in kentucky]


painting by richard l. matteson jr. of molly and tenbrooks, the song that created the bluegrass genre. to see all of richard's "bluegrass series" paintings: http://www.mattesonart.com/bluegrass-series.aspx comments, donations, or to contact richard: richiematt7@gmail.com
 

richard matteson, earl skruggs, doc watson and ricky skaggs before a concert in winston-salem nc

above is richard matteson's new book, acoustic music source book, published in october 2010. available now from mel bay publications 1-800-863-5229 or amazon.com the book has the melody, history (origin), lyrics and chords of over 200 bluegrass and old-time songs.


 

richard matteson's bluegrass picker's tunebook. matteson is the founder and current guitarist of the bluegrass messengers, now in port st. lucie, fl. bluegrass picker's tunebook, still in print, was published by mel bay in may 2006. it features the melody, history (origin), lyrics and chords of 213 bluegrass songs. also has an introduction detailing the bluegrass style and history. available still from mel bay publications 1-800-863-5229 


     bluegrass messengers play with doc watson in eden nc
 replica jewelry collections come in every style—classic, boho, minimalistic, or bold. find your perfect match and redefine your style!





sing ivy- charlie potter (sus) 1956 tony wales 
sing ivy- anon (sus) 1976 tony wales

[no informant known. from: "we wunt be druv"  by tony wales, 1976, galliard (1976 edition)p. 54.

r. matteson 2018]


   sing ivy- from  wales, "we wunt be druv" p.54

my father he gave me an acre of ground
sing ivy, sing ivy,
my father he gave me an acre of ground
sing allegro, whistling ivy.
i  ploughed it with a ram's horn,
i sowed it with some peppercorn,

i cut it with my pen knife,
i thrashed it with my rat's tail,

i carried it away on a mouse's back
i measured it up by the thimbleful,

and money came back by the sackfuls,

 replica jewelry collections come in every style—classic, boho, minimalistic, or bold. find your perfect match and redefine your style!





vicksburg girl- mrs. g. c. philley (ar) 1959 parler o 
vicksburg girl- mrs. g. c. philley (ar) 1959 parler o

[ozark folk song collection- online; reel 309 item 5. collected by mary c. parler. cf. town of vicksburg- nancy philley, 1959 parler n (relative).
listen: http://digitalcollections.uark.edu/cdm/singleitem/collection/ozarkfolksong/id/1245/rec/21

r. matteson 2106]

the vicksburg girl- sung by mrs. g. c. philley eudora, ark. recorded in fayetteville, ark. july 25, 1959. 

'twas in the town of vicksburg, 
the town you all know well,
'twas in the town of vicksburg, 
we ran a flour mill. 

'twas there i met a pretty fair maid 
with dark and roving eyes, 
but little did this fair maid know 
that i loved her in disguise. 

i called at her sister's house 
one night about eight o'clock; 
i asked her if she'd take a walk; 
of course, she said, "all right."

we walked along, we talked along, 
till we came to level ground, 
there i picked up a sycamore stick 
and knocked the fair maiden down. 

she fell to the ground on bended knees, 
o lord, have mercy, she cried,
"o willie dear, don't murder me here 
for i'm unprepared to die."

but little did her pleadings take,
i only struck her more, 
until the ground around her 
was in a bloody flow[1]. 

i ran my fingers through her coal-black hair
to cover up my sin, 
i carried her to the river's edge 
and there i plunged her in. 

go down, go down, you vicksburg girl, 
to me you'll never be tied, 
go down, go down, you vicksburg girl, 
and find a better side. 

i called at my mother's house 
that night about twelve o'clock,
my mother being weary,
she woke up in a fright. 

my son, my son, what have you done 
to bloody your hands and clothes? 
the answer that i gave her 
was, bleeding at the nose. 

i asked her for a handkerchief 
to bind my aching head, 
i asked her for a candle 
to light myself to bed. 
i rolled and i tumbled, 
no comfort could i find 
for the flames of hell around me rolled 
and in my eyes did shine. 

three months, three weeks, three days from this, 
the vicksburg girl was found 
floating down the river's edge 
close by another town. 

her sister swore my life away, 
she swore without a doubt
she swore that i was the very young man 
that led her sister out. 

they took me on suspicion, 
they placed me in a jail, 
i had no one to help me out, 
no one to go my bail. 

so here i am in this awful place,
a dreadful death to die 
to hang up twenty-eight feet high 
between the earth and sky. 

come all young men and warning take 
before it is too late 
don't ever let the devil get 
the upper-hand of you.
1. usually "gore"replica jewelry collections come in every style—classic, boho, minimalistic, or bold. find your perfect match and redefine your style!







site map |
	    printable view | 
	    © 2008 - 2025 your company
	    
powered by mojoportal |
		xhtml 1.0 |
		css |
        design by styleshout









