     glastonbury ford dealer in glastonbury ct | manchester wethersfield rocky hill ford dealership connecticut                                





                                 monaco ford        sales 860-652-3000    service 888-436-0722  parts 888-441-9458      767 new london turnpikeglastonbury, ct 06033                                service        map        contact                      monaco ford           call 860-652-3000   directions                  home   new   search inventory   search new work trucks   new electric vehicles   search 2023 year models   new specials   low payment lease specials     used   search inventory   search used work trucks   vehicles under 15k   pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade      certified   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade      work trucks   search new work trucks   search used work trucks   ford super duty vehicles   transit vans   business commercial application     research    research    2024 f-150 lightning   2024 mustang mach e   2024 ford ranger   2023 ford bronco sport   2023 ford bronco      specials   new specials   demo specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   low payment lease specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   parts department   services we offer    fordpass     finance   finance department   credit application   business commercial application   buying vs. leasing   turning in your lease   ford protect     about   about   our dealership   why buy at monaco ford    meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   monaco ford in the community    employment    our reviews    monaco modified’s tri-track series     niantic dealership                   home   new   search inventory   search new work trucks   new electric vehicles   search 2023 year models   new specials   low payment lease specials     used   search inventory   search used work trucks   vehicles under 15k   pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade      certified   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned specials   kbb value your trade      work trucks   search new work trucks   search used work trucks   ford super duty vehicles   transit vans   business commercial application     research    research    2024 f-150 lightning   2024 mustang mach e   2024 ford ranger   2023 ford bronco sport   2023 ford bronco      specials   new specials   demo specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   low payment lease specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   parts department   services we offer    fordpass     finance   finance department   credit application   business commercial application   buying vs. leasing   turning in your lease   ford protect     about   about   our dealership   why buy at monaco ford    meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   monaco ford in the community    employment    our reviews    monaco modified’s tri-track series     niantic dealership         




view our niantic store’s inventory!
 view store




    











inventory




inventory
search

       filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified.



service



schedule



specials

















new specials 






pre-owned specials 






trade appraisal 






get pre-approved 






      search new inventory     search used inventory                                                                                                         disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                           




a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





f-150





explorer





bronco





mustang





mach-e













     

ford pick up & delivery
at monaco ford, we make it easy. owning a ford gives you access to a host of benefits, including complimentary ford pickup & delivery.* we will pick up your vehicle, service it, then bring it back. just tell us when and where. for further questions, just ask.
*ford pickup & delivery is offered by participating dealers and may be limited based on availability, distance, or other dealer-specified criteria. does not include parts or repair charges. a nonoperational vehicle is not eligible and will require a roadside event.
schedule service




      

9h ceramic coating
permanent protection
9h ceramic coating is a one-time application that fills in the pores of your vehicle's paint, and bonds directly with the surface, creating a hard protective barrier over the top of the surface. 9h ceramic coating also provides your vehicle with incredible gloss and shine! giving your vehicle that desirable "glass" like finish while preserving the original factory paint. 
contact us for more info







       

monaco ford
ford dealer in glastonbury, ct

welcome to monaco ford. our name is deeply rooted in the community and has been serving the connecticut river valley since 1922. the team at our dealership is dedicated to helping you find the right vehicle for your needs at a payment you can afford and keeping that vehicle running at its best. whether you're shopping in person or online, you'll receive excellent customer service. if you've been searching for your next new or pre-owned ford vehicle, see us today at monaco ford.
more about us
why buy at monaco ford
hours & directions

     


sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    
     

follow us

                       
     

why choose monaco ford?
at  monaco ford , we're proud to provide our customers with a car-buying experience like no other. we specialize in the sales and services of heavy and medium-duty trucks and family-friendly vehicles to meet every customer's needs. we've put together an environment where our employees work together from sales and finance to service in order to take the stress out of buying a vehicle.
our dealership is the proud recipient of over 15 of the president's award winner as well as the ford credit partner in quality. these accolades represent our core values, prioritize putting the customer first, and make sure their experience with us is filled with honesty and trust to let them feel comfortable throughout their visit. when you buy from us, you become part of the family.
our work with the community
we're involved in helping and giving back to our local community; in fact, it's part of our mission. we focus on volunteerism and philanthropy to enrich glastonbury and surrounding communities. monaco ford has recently worked with toys for tots and sponsoring pet of the month with the ct humane society. we also donate annually to the peer veteran's program at manchester community college.


new and pre-owned vehicles
our dealership offers various new and quality pre-owned ford vehicles. with affordable pricing and rotating incentives and specials, we're sure we can get you into the vehicle of your dreams. our most popular vehicles range from the work-ready f-150 and f-350 to the family-friendly escape and explorer. we specialize in the sales of heavy-duty trucks so that you can get back to work as soon as possible.
service and parts department
your experience with us continues long past purchasing. maintaining your new ford vehicle is an essential part of keeping it running at its best for the future. at monaco ford, we're equipped to handle routine maintenance and repairs and other maintenance needs. our factory-trained technicians know the ins and outs of all the ford vehicles on our lot, so you can rest assured knowing you'll get your vehicle back in great shape. call us at 888-436-0722 or schedule your appointment today.
visit monaco ford
if you've been looking for your next new vehicle, see us today at monaco ford. we're located conveniently at  767 new london turnpike in glastonbury  and can be reached by phone at 860-652-3000. you can also send us a message through our online messaging service, and someone will get back to you promptly. our friendly, knowledgeable team looks forward to welcoming you to the monaco family.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | consent preferences | additional disclosures monaco ford | 767 new london turnpike, glastonbury, ct 06033 | sales: 860-652-3000 |                
























            