



travelling around italy hotels





italy hotels: luxury, charming and romantic hotels in rome, pisitano, taormina, cortona, tuscany, sicily, lombardy



hotel barocco - rome city center, latiumoverlooking bernini's triton fountain, the barocco is a boutique hotel with just 41 rooms (and a staff of 22!) located in an old aristocratic building in the heart of baroque rome. carefully refurbished in 2010 and 2012 to offer guests superior standards of comfort and style, the barocco has followed the example of leading international hotels, becoming 100% smoke-free. attention to detail, absolute cleanliness, unique and highly sought-after rooms, an atmosphere from times past, and 21st-century technology, make guests' stay at the barocco a warm italian experience full of magic.
 visit the website: www.hotelbarocco.com

hotel piranesi - rome city center, latiumthe hotel is the epitome of the art of hospitality. hotel piranesi is located in palazzo nainer which was redesigned by the famous architect valadier at the beginning of the 19th +and has been completely renovated with the original structure being maintained and modern comforts added for 21st century travellers. the furnishings are highly sophisticated thanks also to the rich fabrics which are used in the lounge areas and for drapes and which come from the cesari collection, an important name in the capital.  
      visit the website: www.hotelpiranesi.com

locanda dei mai intees - azzate, lombardy
the locanda dei mai intees is a small, romantic hotel housed inside a perfectly renovated 14th century building surrounded by a lush, blooming garden. even though it has maintained its original appearance together with its extraordinarily beautiful, 15th century frescoes and stone fireplace from the 1500s which greets guests in the main lounge, the hotel can offer all modern conveniences in order to make your stay as pleasant as possible. luxury and sobriety which echo the pomp and splendour of days gone by just like the contemporary style of all the rooms. 
      visit the website: www.mai-intees.it

hotel poseidon - positano, campaniain the heart of the upper part of positano city there is the hotel poseidon, an elegant mediterranean villa framed by a perfumed citrus fruit garden, with breathtaking views of this charming town perched over the sea. among charme hotels of positano and amalfi coast, hotel poseidon is an enchanting place to enjoy colours, perfumes, tastes, sounds of sea and of positano magic. here you can experience honest to goodness neapolitan traditions. the hotel poseidon owners, who are a perfect example of the inventiveness and creativity that is typical of this area, will make you feel like real guests who merit special attention and not just simple tourists. visit the website: 
www.hotelposeidonpositano.com

hotel villa ducale - taormina, sicilythe hotel villa ducale of taormina is an authentic sicilian villa converted into a hotel only a few years ago. its owners andrea and rosaria quartucci lovingly dedicate themselves to catering for their guests in such a way as to let them fully experience the magic of taormina. the hotel villa ducale is particularly peaceful, scenic and romantic and is ideal for honeymooners or for those in search of some rest and relaxation in a sophisticated, elegant, yet not too formal environment. 
      visit the website: www.villaducale.com

hotel villa carlotta - taormina, sicilythe hotel villa carlotta of taormina is an aristocratic residence built by a noble family at the end of 19th century, emulating architectural style typical of the late 1400s. this elegant, stone-clad villa is surrounded by lush green gardens and boasts a captivating seaside panorama. in a well-defined corner of our magnificent gardens there is ancient roman stone road still in perfect condition, thereby allowing guests to feel immersed in ancient history while in a fancy but relaxed setting.  
      visit the website: www.hotelvillacarlottataormina.com

hotel villa di piazzano - cortona, tuscanyperfectly embedded between umbria and tuscany, amidst enchanting panoramas and precious traces of history, the hotel villa di piazzano of cortona has a vitality and a "breath" that regenerates the senses - smell, sight and, above all, taste. surrounded by 1 hectare of gardens, this splendid historical estate has travelled through time. since 1464, the villa was initially the hunting manor of cardinal silvio passerini, and later became a convent for nuns. in the last two centuries it was operating as a tobacco and vine growing estate. today the hotel villa di piazzano and its lands are protected by the environmental authorities due to its historic importance. 
      visit the website: www.villadipiazzano.com





