






electrobraidâ® horse fence
































 join us on    





  electrobraid banner 
                     banner text 1

  running horse banner 
                     banner text 2

  electrobraid banner logo 
                     banner text 3








home
about electrobraid
videos
pictures
application pictures
horse safety
installation manual

test fence
faqs
product catalog
warranty
fence estimator
store





 electrobraid®  is america's #1 electric horse fence
new product found in our store
please try our new fence
                  materials estimator

 electrobraid® is an easily installed, permanent electric fencing system designed to
               provide a safe and secure horse fence. it is strong and durable and a fraction of the cost of many other
               fencing systems. 

               our mission is to build safe fences for horses. many prominent equine vets say
               electrobraid® is one of the safest horse fences. the electrobraid® fence
               system is designed to secure horses safely. there are no sharp points or hard edges; no boards to break
               or splinter.
            

               electrobraid® combines resilience with barrier strength. like a boxing ring,
               electrobraid® absorbs force and springs back. the fence features an outer braided jacket
               made of a high-grade uv-resistant polyester fiber. it is the same material used in seat belts and
               parachute harnesses. it's smooth like a seat belt. this polyester fiber is very stable. if it's
               stretched, it returns to its original length. electrobraid® uses pure copper wire
               conductors forming a helical-coil or spring-like shape within the braid. this allows the wire conductor
               to stretch and bend while letting the braid's fiber strands take all the tension. as a result,
               electrobraid® can absorb the energy of a panicked horse at a gallop and bounce the horse
               safely back with no harm to horse or fence.
            

               the ropes of the electrobraid® are highly visible. at the same time, the fencing doesn't
               feel restrictive to horses. as herd animals, horses are born to roam free in wide-open spaces. with
               electrobraid® the horses can see each other. most especially, stallions can keep track of
               their mares. there are no places for predators to hide, and horses won't pace up and down their fence
               line. owners say horses are more relaxed because they can see you and you can see them.
            

               electrobraid® has been in the market for over 25 years and the design, materials and
               manufacturing care have allowed us to stand behind a 25-year warranty that entire time.
            


call 1-855-eb fence (1-855-323-3623) or email us at: info@electrobraid.com


 privacy policy © copyright 2025 - a.c. bryson
               web design studio. all rights reserved




