







blue flame gas company, inc. - new york and vermont








































































































            24 hour emergency service
          

        make a payment
      

        view account
      

            become a customer
          

            contact
          



            company
          

            schedule a cleaning
          

            service plans
          

            fixed price plans
          


















































24 hour emergency servicemake a paymentview accountbecome a customercontact











companyschedule a cleaningservice plansfixed price plans































your local propane company 
for over 70 years










power all 
your household appliances










online
bill pay




























 

our fixed price program protects you in the winterbecause we can’t predict the price of propane next winter



we know how important it is to budget and plan your monthly expenses and your heating costs are a big part of your monthly expenses, especially in the winter months.













 



















what our clients say

 


“service has been completed and i want to express my pleasure with the service i received. dave just left and i want to state that the service he provided was great! he went above and beyond to provide the service and took extra care to be sure i had everything just right, including making sure i had full knowledge of the new set-up. ”

— doni - customer




“i am sending this payment with gratitude and appreciation. the service men dave and anthony were very prompt in getting here last sunday when i had a problem with my furnace. not only were they prompt, they were extremely professional and courteous. i have had a few problems over the years with my furnace and your company has always been great about the problem taking care of it in a timely manner. also, the bid – i thought was more than fair. it’s nice to have a company i can depend on and know i’m not going to get “ripped off” if you know what i mean. i’m disabled and live alone, so i have to depend on the honesty of the company i’m dealing with. once again, thank you so much for the manner in which you solved my problem. i look forward to doing business with blue flame for years to come. ”

— patricia - customer

 



























































intro gallery



we are hiring



intro



testimonials



buttons








 

infoproductsservice planseducationcredit applicationprivacy policyschedule a cleaningcareerscontact



important linkspropane safetyabout propanenpgause propane



our officeshoosick falls 800.962.6200gloversville 800.494.9595south glens falls 866.745.0190londonderry 855.824.8445

 



blue flame gas co.
37 elm street,
hoosick falls, ny 12090-1639
800-962-6200


hours
mon open
tue open
wed open
thu open
fri open
sat open
sun open












