


eaglewood's nest




























    
	eaglewood's nest
	
  
but they that wait upon the lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.  

        isaiah 40:31



sunday, january 21, 2007



	 moving
    


it seems that quite a few people that i know are doing this.  after growing quite dissatisfied with the new blogger service and the inability to move my old template to the new service i have quit trying to push for creative license that will never truly come.  i have shopped around for some time looking for a good hosting service and i have finally found them. a christian group that calls themselves theobloggers.i am moving up to wordpress 2.0 and getting the creative license i have been looking for.  the new nest is here at on wings of eagles.   i will be keeping this site up due to spam blog issues and to be able to refer back to old comments.  there are quite a few left over from our experience with samuel i want to keep.labels: moving on



posted by eaglewood @ 10:29 pm  
      

 | 







tuesday, january 09, 2007



	 lessons
    


this past year has been one of roller coaster like extremes. yet the one thing that has been constant in all of this has been the never ending unwavering love of g_d. over the past year just about everything has been stripped out from under us. from the death of our son to the loss of my job right when we needed it the most, totally devastated us. it shook us to our foundations. the funny thing is that when you are shook to your foundation you find out just what that foundation is. for us it was yeshua's love and grace. when the entire world was falling down around us he held us, comforted us, and sustained us. the one thing that i have found the hardest in all of this is writing about it all. i am normally a quiet reserved man, not given to discussing my personal pain. i would like to share what i have learned in all of the pain.i have learned how to persevere through unimaginable pain. i once thought that the loss of one of my children would be the end of me. i have learned it is not. has it changed me? yes it has, but not in the ways i would have expected. i have learned to have more empathy for one thing, that has aways been hard for me. i have also learned that there are people out there ready to love regardless of your circumstance. i think that the most important thing i have learned is that he is more real than i could have ever imagined. losing samuel was the singularly hardest thing i have ever been through. when i was brought to my knees and laid lower than i could have thought possible yeshua picked me up, dusted me off, and just held me in his arms. no words were ever needed. i wish i could adequately explain the experience, but i know that i could not do it justice. life goes on and we still face struggles but we have learned to simply trust him in all things he has a plan and it is perfect, that is assured. when things get bad i can always climb back up in my daddy's lap and let him take care of it.your love oh lord labels: christian life, home life



posted by eaglewood @ 10:58 pm  
      

 | 










	 thr3e a review
    


thr3e was the first ted dekker book i had ever read.  from that point on i have been a ted dekker fan. so when foxfaith films made a movie out of this book i was stoked. i have been waiting for some time to see this movie and it was worth the wait. i will be honest this is not your typical “christian” work.  it is a suspense thriller and has rated a pg-13 rating because of it's intensity and subject matter. if what you are looking for is a remake of little house on the prairie or anything in that type of genre then you are looking in the wrong place. i thought the adaption from the book was very well done. while there were some differences they were mostly due to setting and the addition of a character not in the book.  all in all the story was kept the same and you were able to see what his point was. it is hard to write a complete review without revealing plot lines for those who have not read the book, but i will tell you that even with knowing the end i was  riveted throughout the entire movie. i will have to say again it was very well done, and i heartily recommend this movie. i do have one gripe about the story and how a part of one of the character's past was handled. in attempt to show systemic abuse, homeschooling was depicted in a very bad light. while this was in the book the fact that the character was schooled at home was an afterthought. in the movie it seemed to be almost a focal point.  it may be that as someone involved in homeschooling and having had to deal with the issue, birdie and i may be more sensitive to this issue than others, but it is still there and we think it could have been handled differently with the same results.  labels: movies



posted by eaglewood @ 1:08 am  
      

 | 







sunday, december 24, 2006



	 thanks to my wife...
    


    my peculiar aristocratic title is:   his eminence the very lord eaglewood the omnipresent of oxbridge by camford   get your peculiar aristocratic title   



posted by eaglewood @ 5:36 pm  
      

 | 







saturday, december 23, 2006



	 the beast
    


we now have "new" transportation.  it is large, ungainly, and hard to park.  it needs new paint and new tires (what used vehicle doesn't).   the inside is very well kept for an 18 yo van, the engine is in good shape, and there is more than enough room for the entire family.while driving around last night i kept saying this thing is a beast. now the van has a name "the beast"labels: home life



posted by eaglewood @ 12:18 pm  
      

 | 







sunday, december 17, 2006



	 vehicle needs
    


as most of you know birdie and i have been without a car of our own for about 6 months. this may all come to an end next week. between a generous bonus from my employer and returning an expensive part for the van that has given up the ghost we now have enough money to purchase a well worn used car. please be praying that g_d helps us find the right one to fit our family needs. labels: home life



posted by eaglewood @ 10:38 pm  
      

 | 







saturday, december 09, 2006



	 three
    


this is a trailer for a movie based upon my favorite fiction author's book "three"  when i read it i thought it would make a great movie and it is now going to be out in the theaters.  the cool thing is there is another one in the works based upon his book "house"he is a christian author who writes suspense novels. i am looking forward to the movie.the trailer was removed in order to make my blog load quicker.you can still see the trailer here.labels: movies



posted by eaglewood @ 9:41 pm  
      

 | 







thursday, december 07, 2006



	 my struggle
    


the other day on another blog andrea asked me a question.  one that i have been struggling with myself for several months. her question was simple but the answer itself is not. “eaglewood, you seem like such a good husband and father, so i wonder why you're trying to hang in there and use the word fundamentalist to describe yourself. i can think of absolutely nothing positive associated with that word. they seem to have no respect for freedom, unlike yourself. there just has to be a better word, because they've ruined that one.” you see by the very basic definition of christian fundamentalist i am one.  i have a specific set of core beliefs that are unwavering.  these comprise who i am, how i think, and determine what i do. the problem even goes deeper when you understand i also am a prophet. there is a certain stigma to being a prophet even in christian circles. everyone has a set preconception on what a prophet is (myself included).  i had to open my eyes to the fact there is more to than i originally thought. consequently, i have been struggling with the direction my ministry needs to go including this blog.  on one hand i want people to be aware of the dangerous heresies being taught by certain prominent preachers, yet i think that if i stop there it does a great disservice to yeshua and his gospel. we need to be about the business of preaching his word, telling those who have ears to hear the news of why it is that he came and died on that cross over 2000 years ago. i also want people to understand the very nature of g_d is complex and cannot be nailed down, boxed or whatever you want to do to try to limit him. we are often guilty of trying to condense his message to our world view.  in order to even begin to understand him we need to realize he is bigger than our own ideas and conceptions. whether it is the liberal christian preaching about the loving kindness and compassion of christ, or the fire and brimstone preacher of repentance from sin, we miss the boat when we focus on one aspect of his nature, and ignore the fact that, like his creation, he is a wondrous and complex creator, and i think it would behoove us find out more about who he really is. the question still stands as to why i have doggedly stuck with being called a fundamentalist. well to be honest in a conversation with birdie she reminded me it is only in the blogesphere that i even represent myself that way. i think that i will move a way from that label. while i have fundamental beliefs, i have them not because i am a fundamentalist, but because they are simple fundamental truths. while i would love to see the day that the word “fundamentalist” loses its negative connotations, i think it is time to move on from this label. i like the term used by serena and her family. we are simply the redeemed.  there is no other aspect of the our faith more fundamental than yeshua's redemptive work.   so i think that for now on i will be who i am, one of his redeemed and one of his called prophets for this age.  nothing more nothing less.    labels: christian life



posted by eaglewood @ 12:00 am  
      

 | 







thursday, november 30, 2006



	 nfl week 13
    


last week 11- 5 for 68.75 %for the season 106–70 for 60.22 %blue = winred = loss baltimore at cincinnati : baltimore    minnesota at chicago : chicago    kansas city at cleveland : kansas city    san diego at buffalo : san diego    indianapolis at tennessee : indianapolis    ny jets at green bay : green bay    atlanta at washington : washington    detroit at new england : new england    arizona at st. louis : st. louis    san francisco at new orleans : new orleanshouston at oakland : houston    jacksonville at miami : jacksonville     dallas at ny giants : dallastampa bay at pittsburgh : pittsburgh    seattle at denver : denvercarolina at philadelphia : carolina labels: nfl



posted by eaglewood @ 5:46 pm  
      

 | 







tuesday, november 28, 2006



	 too much fun
    


thanks to heidi, pablo, and joelleget your cyborg namethis one is based upon my personal nickname.get your cyborg namelabels: fun



posted by eaglewood @ 9:48 pm  
      

 | 












about me

name:  eaglewood 
location:  dallas, texas 
i am a home schooling father and a dedicated follower of jesus christ. as a called prophet of the lord i am to proclaim the truth of the gospel so that when the coming trials of his redeemed come they will be prepared.
view my complete profile

glenn reynolds says

"i wish eaglewood would build his nest in my back yard."


















links

e-mail me
world net daily
fox news
nascar
the alliance of free blogs

family and friends

 wings and prayers
 on wings of eagles
 jimmie w kersh


blogs i read
704 houser street
animate matters
attitude central
come out to life
crazy jo's
derech shalom
difster
the digital brownshirt
digital cowboy
emunda
 kramjam reiterates
 lisa's front porch
 morris' musings
 patrick mead
pebble chaser
philip's blog
physics geek
roland drake
tent pegs
the antenna
the pan galactic blogger blaster
the third way
the token hippie
 tom cotter
triton unleashed
true anomaly
vox popoli
wake up america


previous posts

moving
lessons
thr3e a review
thanks to my wife...
the beast
vehicle needs
three
my struggle
nfl week 13
too much fun

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007



proud member of the alliance
the alliance



alliance blogroll


join fair tax fans






 





