



            mechanical engineering - university of victoria        
        























 



skip to 
						global menu.
					skip to 
						primary navigation.
					skip to 
						secondary navigation.
					skip to 
						page content.
					



sign outsign in  to online tools


uvic


search



uvic home
covid-19
admissions
academics
research
library
students
faculty & staff
online tools







return to 
                        
                        global menu.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        primary navigation.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        secondary navigation.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        page content.
                    
                    





universityof victoriamechanical engineeringfaculty of engineering and computer sciencea-zdirectoriesmapssearchsearchsearchsearchsearch mechanical engineeringsearch uvicsearch for peoplesearch for departmentssearch for expertssearch for newssearch for resourcesnavigation


homeprospective studentscurrent studentsfaculty & staffresearchstudent groups





department of mechanical engineering
 apply online   our programs 


uvic formula hybriduvic formula hybrid team featured in times colonist for first place finish in design at international sae formula hybrid competitionuvic fsae headed to michiganfsae 2019 competition is from may 8th - 11th at the michigan international speedway in brooklyn, mi.uvic submarine racing club finishes 4thuvic submarine racing club team membersuvic aeronautical engineering team wins nationalsuvic aero team membersalumni electron rocket to low earth orbitmichael pearson, leo mckee-reid (camosun), shane sagar, cass hussmann, graeme ramsey, and simon moffatt in front of rocket lab headquarters in auckland, new zealand.the mercer report visits the victoria hand projectpreviousuvic formula hybriduvic fsae headed to michiganuvic submarine racing club finishes 4thuvic aeronautical engineering team wins nationalsalumni electron rocket to low earth orbitthe mercer report visits the victoria hand projectnext
in this section

mechanical engineering programs 
mechanical engineering at university of victoria is known for its innovative research and excellent academic programs. we offer bachelor of engineering (beng), master of engineering (meng), master of applied science (masc) and doctor of philosophy (phd) programs. co-operative education is integrated into our undergraduate program.
as a mechanical engineer, you'll use your problem-solving and teamwork skills to work on real-world problems. you will see the results of your efforts and have a chance to make an impact on society.
get involved in the design and study of physical and mechanical systems including:

power generation
transportation vehicles (ground, aircraft, watercraft)
fluid dynamics
machine design
biomedical-mechanical systems
mechatronics and robotics
clean energy systems
material property, testing and production
heating and air-conditioning

research
we are very active in research with first-rate laboratories and diverse research funding. our focus is on research in leading-edge technologies such as:

advanced manufacturing
advanced materials
aeronautics and aerospace
biomedical engineering
computational and continuum mechanics
computational design and computer aided engineering
alternate energy technologies and systems
industrial sensing and optics
mechatronics and controls
micro-electromechanical systems
ocean engineering and ocean energy
robotics and mechanisms
thermofluids science and transport phenomena

learn more about our research areas.
about us
the department of mechanical engineering at the university of victoria offers bachelors, masters, and ph.d. degree programs. the department is known for its strong, vibrant and well-funded research programs at the forefront of technology. we have research excellence in clean energy systems, advanced vehicles, aerospace, biomedical systems, mechatronics and robotics. we have 26 faculty members, including two canada research chairs, over 550 undergraduate students, and 150 graduate students. industrial collaboration enriches our teaching and research activities, along with encouragement of our undergraduates to participate in various competition teams for experiential learning activities. with an excellent collegial atmosphere, the department attracts outstanding faculty and staff, as well as superb graduate and undergraduate students. 





navigation




content




quick links






in this sectionchair's welcomecareer opportunitiessocial medianews & eventscontact us




newsnews
fight climate crisis with machineshaneul jang wins 2021 co-op student of the year.wind buoy could help remote coastal communities ditch diesel dependenceuvic welcomes new biomedical directorstaff take the initiative in bringing online courses to life more news

 
social mediatwitter uvic mechanical engineering@mechanicaluvic11 aprrt @drwillerth: thanks to ⁦@cewilcanada⁩ for supporting our ⁦@mechanicaluvic⁩ ⁦@biomedicaluvic⁩ design showcase today! @uvic ⁦… https://t.co/rwbvu8g0tbfavoriteretweetreplyuvic mechanical engineering@mechanicaluvic11 aprrt @josie_osborne: thrilled to visit @uvic’s primed lab today + announce $2 million to support research on renewable marine energy! in… https://t.co/hawb7b6fkrfavoriteretweetreply
popular linksfaculty of engineering
biomedical engineering
civil engineering
computer science
electrical and computer engineering
faculty of engineering & computer sceience
software engineering






return to 
                            
                            global menu.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            primary navigation.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            secondary navigation.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            page content.
                        
                        



contactengineering office wing room 548 victoria, bc canada 1-250-721-8895mech.sec@uvic.ca  more contact informationaccessibilitywebsite accessibility infocampus accessibility infojoin the conversation
facebook
twitter
youtube
flickr

view all uvic social mediafind moresearcha-zdirectoriesmaps© university of victorialegal noticesemergency contacts




back to top




campus maps




campus security




contact us




uvic.ca




studentresources




faculty & staffresources




sign in






