


promotional items, promotional products, and imprinted logo products from premopromos.com



























about us
contact us
my cart

premo-promos.com - promotional products superstore




order online or call us at:

home
our products
promosearch
help




 

promotional products, promotional items, imprinted computer accessories & more!





aqua mouse/liquid mouse
cancer awareness
promotional padfolios
mugs & drinkware
writing instruments















apparel, caps, & hats
auto accessories
awards & recognition
backpacks, bags, & totes
briefcases, padfolios, & business journals
calendars, planners & diaries
clocks & watches
computer accessories



desktop items
electronics
floor mats - logo mats
food & drink
games, toys, & fun
golf equipment & accessories
healthcare, wellness, & safety
kitchen & home products



mugs & drinkware
office & business supplies
personal accessories
pocket & purse accessories
sports & leisure products
stress relievers
toolkits, tools, knives, flashlights, etc.
travel & outdoor
writing instruments






click to read moreat our learning center


premo-promos.com 
										invites you to experience the world of 
										promotional items via your very own 
										promotional products superstore.  
						you want solutions; we've got 
										answers!  you can begin by reading 
										about the promotional industry and which 
						promos work best at the learning center, 
										or you can go right to searching for the 
										perfect giveaway.  under "product categories", you will 
										find over thousands of hand-selected items for trade shows, corporate & 
										executive gifts, items for special 
										events, employee awards, apparel, and 
										other items for everyday promotional marketing.  
										these items items are from top suppliers 
						and are all of great quality.

										or you can click advanced promosearch, 
										at the top of every page, to access a 
										search engine with over 800,000 
										customized promotional items. 
										from 
										mousepads and leather padfolios and 
										portfolios to imprinted 
										electronic supplies and even a 
										custom liquid filled mouse, all your 
										promotional product needs are covered.  and if you don't 
										have the time, or just want us to find 
										something for you, give us a call and 
										put us to work for you! that's why we 
										are here.
					

the premo-promos advantage

customer service
when deadlines are tight and your back is against the wall, competitive pricing is no longer your most imortant criteria when choosing a promotional products company.  you want a dependable representative who will go through the trenches to make sure you get your merchandise printed perfectly and delivered on time, every time.  our award winning customer service department is here to field any and all possible questions you may have and to hopefully make your promotional purchase a pleasant, and even fun, experience.
experienced sales team
tired of calling promotional companies only to be routed to some international sales callcenter?  our sales people 
quick turnarounds
many of the items featured on the website can be rushed as quickly as 24 hours...often free of charge (the rush service that is).  our relationships with the manufacturers allows you to get products printed faster and delivered quicker so you 
quick turnarounds
mousepads and leather padfolios and 
										portfolios to imprinted 
										electronic supplies and even a 
										custom liquid filled mouse, all your 
										promotional product needs are covered.  and if you don't 
										have the time, or just want us to find 
										something for you, give us a call and 
										put us to work for you! that's why we 
										are here.
your satisfaction is guaranteed!
you will receive your promotional items on or before the agreed upon date.  and your product and imprint will be exactly as you approved them, or we will rerun your order, refund your money or credit your account.
free stuff
you can request free samples for many items under three dollars.  just provide your shipping account and we will not charge you for the item.  you can use our free in-house art services, including typesetting and basic logo modification.  and with every order, you get a free paper proof of your artwork.











home | our products | 
					sitemap | resources | help | contact us
© 2019 premo-promos llc. all rights reserved.





