






committed to serving and protecting life and property in a professional and courteous manner. - north queensbury volunteer fire co.












































homeabout ushistoryour equipmenthow we serverostermembersline officersexecutive officerspast chiefsvolunteer or donatebecoming a memberhow to donatelinksmembers onlystandard operating guidelinesby-lawsfill site guidelinesmeeting minutesgeneral meeting minutesdirector minuteschief minutesadmin staff minutesforms & documentshall rentalnews & viewsmedia gallerycontact




in memoriam:   firefighter waite cowles  1944-2024     rest in peace


north queensbury volunteer fire company
we respond to all manner of emergencies 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. we are an all-volunteer organization of area residents who are highly trained, dedicated professionals committed to protecting our neighbor's lives and property. with a compliment of over fifty members and using advanced equipment, we respond to structure, brush land and marine fires, road and marine accidents, medical emergencies, woodland and mountain rescues, and multiple other emergency events or hazardous conditions throughout the community.





news & views


help! help! help!
posted  on 7/16/2018

    while we have responded to thousands of emergency calls for fire, vehicle and boat accidents, water and mountain rescue as well as medical assists over...
    read more

5 tips to prevent a chimney fire

posted  on 9/12/2017

    with summer coming to an end, we now look forward to those crisp autumn nights around a warm fire. however this is also the time...
    read more

safe boating
posted  on 5/2/2017

    as a new boating season begins on our beautiful lake george, it’s important for seasoned boaters to review boating safety and to ensure that any...
    read more

all posts







 












north queensbury volunteer fire co.
 2663 route 9l, queensbury, ny po box 61 cleverdale, ny 12820

 518-656-9614

© 2022 - 2025 all rights reserved




home
about us
roster
volunteer or donate
links
members only
news & views
media gallery
contact


privacy policy
terms and conditions



web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design








