






vic biz - business consultants | home



























loading









631-709-9976
2753  feathers hooves drive, newyork













                                    vic-biz.
                                









home
about us
services
contact

































expert financial advice
                            

with our team you will always be aware of all business and financial news and stay informed with investment tips, marketpredictions, business advice and guides.
                            
our services
                            
get a quote
                            









expert financial advice
                            

our job is to help you make better financial decisinons and generate bigger income with our predictions, business advice and guides.
                            
our services
                            
get a quote
                            













financial planning
comprehensive evaluation of an individual's current pay and future financial state by using current known variables to predict future income, asset values and withdrawal plans









private equity
private equity is composed of funds and investors that directly invest in private companies, or that engage in buyouts of public companies, resulting in the delisting of public equity









risk management
forecasting and evaluation of financial risks together with the identification of procedures to avoid or minimize their impact. open to unique opportunities from emerging markets suck as cannabis and kratom.
















1560
happy customers









750
current spreads









1350
cases completed









108
categories










let us help your business situation!

get a quote










our services

                                those are our must common services, in case that you need something special feel free to contact us
                            












human resources planning
establish the organisation structure that you need to deliver your business goals.











marketing strategy and planning
evaluate your strengths and weaknesses against your competitors











market research
base your marketing decisions on market facts not guesses.

















branding and promotion
once we have identified your target audience, our business consultant will develop the tools you need to communicate effectively with them











financial analysis
review of your profit & loss reports to identify the profit drivers in your business and areas of strength and weakness.











cashflow management
identify the areas in the business that impact on cash flow and how to manage them effectively.











testimonials

                                what people and businesses say about our performance
                            











wilson edwards
business owner



                                       “best company that i have worked with. they provided everything that i needed to grow my business.”
                                     







daisy rodgers
ceo



                                       “after working with few finance consulting comapnies i have choosen to work with vizbiz based on their ability and performance”
                                     







silvana rogers
cto



                                       “one of the best companies that i have worked with for the past 10 years. they can handle everything for you!”
                                     













contact form

                                if you want from us to conatact you, just quickly fill this form and we will get back to you asap
                            









bussines financial
personal financial









send request




























vicbiz
your personal business consultants.

631-709-9976
2753  feathers hooves drive, new york
info@vic-biz.com





newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter and get news about vizbiz to your inbox





subscribe











@2018 vicbiz. all rights reserved.
                    










































