



trinity.la - theoretical articles on the trinity of god, examples of the trinity in nature and other christian teaching.





























jesus the new adam
		


the trinity
one god who is three persons




mary the new eve
		






home
the trinity
trinity in nature
nature of the trinity
mercy
big secret
mercy sunday
sacred heart of jesus
rosary meditations with references to adam & eve (with audios)
1 joyful mysteries
2 mysteries of light
3 sorrowful mysteries
4 glorious mysteries
eucharist
what is mass?
mary
mary the new eve
lourdes
miraculous medal
fatima
angels
angels
other. . . 
some thoughts
what is purgatory?
the catholic church
predestination?
links page
the priesthood
infinite love




the trinity


the word trinity comes from the two words: three and unity. this name for god is not in the bible but was made by the early catholic church [1] to show that christians believe that there is only one god but that the one god is three persons who are a single unity and that each of the three persons is the one god. god is one infinite being but he is three divine persons.
so if we asked a muslim, a jew and a christian how many gods they believe in they would all answer "one god" but a christian could continue on and give a more correct answer by saying that this one god is three persons whom we call: father, son and holy spirit.
a brief explanation of the trinity
according to venerable louise margaret claret de la touche the most important message in the bible is that ’god is love‘, god is infinite love. since all eternity god begets his complete infinite eternal knowledge of himself and that infinite knowledge is an infinite eternal fruit or son of god’'s being. thatùs why there is a father and a son in god. god loves goodness and so the father loves the son with infinite love and the son loves the father with infinite love and that two-way infinite eternal love which proceeds from the two of them for the other is the holy spirit who is the 3rd person of the trinity.
tree of knowledge and the tree of life


jesus on the cross on calvary is the tree of the knowledge of good and evil (god’s goodness and our evil) because by looking at him on the cross we learn more about god’s goodness and our evil. but it is not just in appearance but also because in the doctrine of the trinity the son of god is god’s infinite self knowledge of his own goodness. god’s self knowledge is a fruit of his being which is why he is called the ‘son of god’. therefore jesus literally is god’s divine fruit of knowledge of goodness who was nailed to the tree in order to redeem mankind. so just as apples hang on an apple tree so also god’s self knowledge of his goodness hung on the tree on calvary.
jesus on the cross is also the tree of life because by his death he bought our eternal life. jesus is the fruit of eternal life.
in the book of genesis adam and eve were refused access to eat the fruit from the tree of life but since redemption by jesus was perfectly done, that means that in our christian faith we should now have access to eat the fruit of eternal life. jesus is the fruit of eternal life and as catholics we believe that he gives himself to us in the mass. at the last supper jesus said: “take and eat”. the eucharist is the ‘bread of life’ and the fruit of eternal life. ‘unless you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you don’t have life in yourselves’ john 6: 53.
adam and eve, jesus and mary
adam and eve were two sinless virgins before the fall but they did not remain so and jesus and mary were two sinless virgins before and forever after the redemption. the rosary meditations explore the many times where jesus showed that he is the new adam and that mary is the new eve. 
read more. . .

hearts of love


if you really love someone and they refuse to believe you love them or reject your love for them then you feel alot of pain in your heart. no matter how evil a person is the heart of jesus still burns with infinite love for them but his heart is pierced by thorns caused by our sins, ingratitude and by so many people who do not believe he loves them.
the heart of mary burns with love for us too because her son died for us.

[1] the church is the "the pillar and ground of the truth" so we can trust her teaching. (see 1 timothy 3:15)


back to top









facebook
youtube
about us
contact us
privacy statement
sitemap


























web
trinity.la




copyright © trinity.la 





