








home | new movers evangelism
















































		skip to content











 












 







home

about

services

testimonials 

get a quote!get a quote! 





 







 







main menu

 











home

about

services

testimonials 
































invite

invest in

involve




your new neighbors
 




grow your organization 
with our mailing lists: 



enter the zip code(s) you want to reach and we’ll send you a custom quote! 






get a quote

















why work with us 



we offer multiple ways to connect with new residents: 







 




							new mover lists						


						reach people who have just moved into homes and apartments.					









 




							home buyer lists						


						send mailings to people who have purchased homes in your area.					









 




							occupant lists						


						reach out to everyone in a particular neighborhood.					









 




							demographic lists						


						limit your mailing to a particular population group, such as people of a certain age.					














 



our business is connecting you with new movers in your community.  







 







 



your business is to invite them to meet you, invest in them where they are, and involve them in what you are doing. 







 







 



contact us today to get a quote. meet your new neighbors while they settle into their new homes. 












testimonials 










						"we've gone to visit 30 to 40 of the names on the various lists you've sent.  they are indeed accurate!  however, we have found that the names need to 'season' a bit to let people move in or renovate and then move in before we drop by.					


burnie lundcanyon ridge baptist 






						we have been using new movers evangelism since before i came on staff over 6 years ago. this is a tremendous resource for our church to be able to reach out to those families who are new move-ins to our area. over the years, we have added multiple zip codes to provide more contacts for us. every week, members of our church deliver a welcome bag that includes gifts and information about our church to those who have recently moved into a new home. there is no way to quantify how effective this ministry has been toward sharing the gospel and reaching families. as we go faithfully and use this method as well as door knocking and other avenues, hardly a week goes by that we do not see the lord bless by sending new families to visit our church services. this is a service we would highly recommend to any church that has the desire to reach their community with the good news of jesus christ.					


jesse lattahaslet, tx 






						i just wanted to drop you a line and let you know that we used this list to do an outreach last sunday october 12th. we sent out ten small teams armed with the detailed information you provided, we were able to devise/carry out a non-invasive personal outreach in our community and it went very well. we touched 100 families in less than 2 hours and we believe it stimulated much interest in the church, our event offerings, and helped us get our name out to the new people coming into the community. thank you for helping us work to plant seeds for jesus christ in the north jefferson county region of missouri in this way! we pray and are believing for awesome results.					


tammy c. - missouritammy c.missouri 






						i've worked with doug now for over 30 years, and i've never received anything but excellent service from him. he responds quickly whenever i attempt to make contact with him, and i appreciate always being able to speak directly with him about anything having to do with our mailing lists. he's been very helpful in guiding us to use the best possible means to reach out to people to find those still in need of a church home. his passion for finding the lost is commendable. i've been happy to recommend him and his services to many and will continue to do so in the future.					


jonathan rockhoff 






						we operate welcome to newcomer services in wisconsin and michigan and have had the pleasure of working with doug at new movers evangelism for over 20 years. he is a delight to work with and new movers has enabled us to welcome countless families to their new communities. we would highly recommend doug's new movers service to anyone wishing to reach new residents.					


chris c.wisconsin 






						our church has been subscribing to new movers evangelism for many years. we have found the lists to be accurate and doug has been easy to work with as we customize our data based on both zip codes and distance parameters. it’s a valuable resource for making the first contact with new members of our community.					


laura snidersecretary 






						we have been so thankful for doug and his team at new movers evangelism. as a result of the current lists that we obtained, we hear story after story of people who have come to our worship celebrations through our direct mailing outreach. these folks are now in a position to hear the gospel preached (some for the very first time!), become involved in a life group, and serve the kingdom through their talents and time.					


sara s.north carolina 






						i just wanted to let you know that your service has been a vital part of our outreach to the newcomers in our community. we have gained several new members over the past few months, and continue to find new ways to utilize all the information we receive from you. thank you for being an important part of our ministry, and may the lord richly bless you in yours!					


leon m.new hampshire 






						thanks so much for this wonderful service you provide our church. we have had many visitors as a direct result of this resource you have made available. as our church is growing, we are growing into a position that allows us to be able to visit in a larger radius new move in families in our area.					


jesse l.texas 






						new movers evangelism has been a real blessing to our congregation! not only have we received a positive response “yes, put us on your mailing list”, from 8 out of every 100 addresses; but more members of this congregation than ever before are involved in some type of ministry directly linked to evangelism. forty six (46%) of our membership are involved in some facet of new movers evangelism.					


bruce w.michigan 






						thank you for your ministry. the labels that you supply have been a blessing to our church. we have seen several visitors resulting in souls being saved and/or joining the church family at mill creek since we started over a year ago. it is a wonderful way for our “senior saints” to keep involved in a ministry, by praying over each label before sending them out. may god continue blessing you and your ministry.					


cindy r.ohio 






						i wanted to share with you that as we make follow-up calls to our letter/cd, we have had a few people to tell us they are still unpacking. your numbers are very current! we plan to start something in february or march that is similar to welcome wagon. our area does not have a welcome wagon and this will give us another contact with these families. thank you so much for your part!					


kay k.pennsylvania 






						through your program we have had 60% of the invited show up for the word of god and from that we have a 23% retention. these are averages based on the past 5 months. without your help we would not be reaching our community like we should be doing. your service is doing justice for the kingdom of heaven with rewards that are out of this world. thank you thank you thank you for your work that is so essential to church growth.					


james s.colorado 






						thank you so much for your service to us. doug is a pleasure to work with. we have used “new movers” for several years and have contacted many, many people in our community through this service. several of these people have come to our services, and we have been greatly blessed.
thanks again, and may god richly bless you.					


connie g.ohio 






						thanks. we really enjoy the service you provide and actually have about ten (10) members over the years due to visits we've made from the names on the new mover's list.					


nathan s.wisconsin 






						i wanted to share with you what great results we have had by using your program. we thank god for this program and your ministry as you help us reach the lost for christ.					


randy d.massachusetts 






						i would love to share my experience using the new movers data products. they have helped us tremendously in our community outreach programs. the information we've obtained gives us an amazing edge reaching new prospective members. the data points provide information we would not have had access to. these provide us with usable demographics which allow us the ability to make our first contact a warm call or referral in lieu of a cold call. a good value investment for the product received and very helpful staff. thank you doug for serving us and helping us grow. 					


mike jenkinscrawfordville, fl - springs of hope church 






						our church has worked with new movers for many years.  this outreach has been a blessing to our church.

we are able to reach our community in ways that we would not be able to do without the help of new movers.

their team has outstanding customer service!					


freedom christian fellowship 




 

 














 









here to serve you


our mailing lists are tailored to your needs.
 




 





contact us


email: info@newmovers.org

phone: 1 (800) 856-8614
 

 









terms | privacy | disclaimer
new movers evangelism © 2025 | designed by siteinsight
 











































 

