

in the mix starring usher - themoviereport.com



































    

























when new york’s hottest nightclub deejay darrell (usher) saves a mob boss's life (chazz palminteri), he is rewarded for his bravery with the responsibility of watching over the don's beautiful daughter dolly (emmanuelle chriqui).  the sparks soon begin to fly between this attractive couple from very different worlds, against her formidable father’s wishes.  meanwhile, the don has other things on his mind—quashing a potential war with an arch-rival and controlling a young, ruthless challenger to his throne.  in the end, all's fair in love and gangster warfare in this hip, romantic comedy, in the mix. 
the film was directed by ron underwood with the screenplay by jacqueline zambrano, and story by chanel capra and cara dellaverson & brian rubenstein.  in the mix was produced by john dellaverson, executive produced by usher, holly davis-carter, bill borden, michael paseornek and co-produced by chanel capra.

(synopsis from lions gate films)



usher press junket roundtable transcript
(coming soon)
the review


buy the:
movie poster!
dvd!
soundtrack cd!

external links:
in the mix: the official movie site
usher official site
page kennedy official site
emmanuelle-chriqui.com
k.d. aubert official site
in the mix @ the internet movie database
usher-rising.com





in the mix @ the movie report/mr. brown's movie site/© michael dequina
all images and multimedia files are copyright their respective copyright holders and no rights are given or implied







 





























subscribe to mr. brown's weekly movie newsletter, the movie report:

name:



email:








want a movie site shirt, mousepad, or mug?  check out

mr. brown's

movie merchandise.







buy!



in the mix poster



in the mix dvd



in the mix soundtrack cd



rhythm city volume one: caught up dvd



live: evolution 8701 dvd



u don't have to call/u got it bad dvd



confessions cd



8701 cd



live cd



my way cd



usher cd



the faculty dvd



light it up dvd



she's all that dvd



texas rangers dvd















please keep the movie report/

mr. brown's movie site alive

by generously submitting a paypal donation.






































