
























































skip to content







search toggle






home
neighborhood


in and around the community
foundation
history
local projects
map of homeland
photos
recommend a tradesperson


association


board/committees
meeting minutes
certificate of inc.
by-laws
deed & agreement
due process policy


architecture


committee
application
standards
approval process
tax credits


real estate


professionals
buying a home
selling a home


contact us
 










menu









search for:



submit


























welcome
located in northern baltimore city, homeland is a neighborhood rich in architecture and landscape design. the neighborhood has been identified as one of the top fifty urban neighborhoods by worth magazine. a variety of building styles gives the neighborhood its special aesthetic appeal. every home, from the most grand to the more modest, demonstrates the qualities that have made homeland an enduring neighborhood for over ninety years.

2025 meetings announcement
the homeland association board meets monthly on the 3rd thursday.  the annual meeting is usually conducted in october at the church of the redeemer and also on zoom. paid association members are welcome to attend. please contact beth hayes for details.

architecture committee meetings will be conducted as hybrid meetings. if your project is on the agenda and you would like to participate in the meeting, please email beth hayes prior to the meeting date.

homeland security patrol
provided by iglobal security group
hours: 9pm to 5am daily
phone: 443-943-5481 (answered during patrol hours only.)
homeland association
 5603 north charles streetbaltimore, md 21210410.323.7088homeland@homelandassociation.org





visit our community calendar for upcoming events! 

appfolio is here!
appfolio is homeland’s new online homeowner portal. it’s a fast, easy and secure way to pay dues and other charges online. you can access appfolio by downloading the free mobile app from google play or the app store or clicking the button below. 
click this button to access appfolio to make your annual assessment payment:

go to appfolio
join our mailing list


want to learn more about appfolio? visit our appfolio tips page. 

————————————————————————– 






february 2025



20
                            feb                        
homeland association board meeting

thursday 

event detail

march 2025



10
                            mar                        
architecture review committee

monday 

event detail




20
                            mar                        
homeland association board meeting

thursday 

event detail





        no event found!    

load more


















							open facebook in a new tab						





		© 2025 			
				homeland association inc. all rights reserved.			














































