




sage - promotional product research and marketing tools



















   |   february 26th   |   connect. discover. grow.   |   register now >
























































					  search


 
				  blog

 
				  canada

 
				  login
try sage free



distributors



overview





									 explore sage workplace
								  






									  create a website
								  






								  	launch a store
								  






									  send email marketing
								  






									  create a catalog
								  





additional services
education resources
tradeshows & events
distributor brochure







suppliers



overview





									  join sage
								  






									  target distributors
								  






									  reach end-buyers
								  






									  create a website
								  






									  track show leads
								  






list your products
additional services
education resources
supplier media kit
advertising specs





about us
support
contact us

















x

















software and solutions to lead you to success in the promotional products industry





software and solutions to lead you to success in the promotional products industry






















  i'm a distributor
we offer the software and services you need to manage your business so you can focus your time and energy where it matters -- on your clients. 
see our services  >





  i'm a supplier
we find the most powerful advertising and tradeshow exhibition opportunities to build your brand and reach more industry distributors. 
see our services  >


















don't just take our word for it

even more important than what we do, is why we do it. we're inspired by our subscribers' stories. we're motivated by you, to anticipate your needs and consistently bring you more of what you need to run your business painlessly. 
hear their stories







what's new?













sage reveals new features for 2025

sage unveiled new features and a rebranding of its flagship services under the unified sage workplace™ brand. key updates include supplier webpage links and print-on-demand product searches. enhancements to the presentations module include a sleek gallery layout and an ai-powered presentation wizard for rapid creation. additionally, email campaigns and catalog studio are now accessible via the sage workplace web app.

learn more















2025 rating award winners announced

sage recognizes outstanding suppliers and decorators with its prestigious a+ and a rating awards based on distributor ratings collected through sage workplace.

learn more















new real-time custom image generation tool

sage introduces the industry's first real-time custom image generation tool, enhancing its website platform with advanced ai for content creation and optimization.

learn more















sage launches new curated product collections

sage announces a new feature for its website professional plus platform: curated product pages. this innovation allows clients to create theme-based webpages with curated content and products, boosting seo and website traffic.

learn more















new features in the virtual design studio

sage releases updates to its virtual design studio, revolutionizing branding design with versatile and innovative tools that empower users to push creative boundaries and inspire customers.

learn more

















new crm client text messaging system

sage introduced its new comprehensive client text messaging system within sage workplace. distributors can now directly communicate with their clients via text message through sage’s crm module. this enhances client communication and improves the overall client experience.

learn more

















×









×





















main pages
distributors
suppliers
associations
sage canada


products
sage workplace
sage websites
sage stores
sage crm module
see all services


resources
downloads
support
sage + ppai



integrated suppliers
verification



sage blog
top 25 most popular products in sage workplace: january 2025 goodbye, january, and hello, february! it’s the month of loooove, and we...bonus episode: selling solutions, not stores with brad gooch gabe gotay welcome to promo perspectives, a podcast presented by sage...february 2025 supplier spotlight: simply better—how goldstar’s commitment to simplicity and sustainability shines through in a world where complexity often reigns, goldstar® stands out by... 





6275 west plano parkway, suite 175, plano, tx 75093  |  local 214.631.6000  |  toll free 800.925.7243  |  info@sageworld.com  |  8:00am - 6:00pm ct

copyright ©  quick technologies inc  |  all rights reserved  |  sitemap  |  legal  |  terms of use  |  login    


























