











































home | scamwatch















skip to content
skip to navigation
skip to search














top utilities


news and alerts


in your language




related sites


national anti-scam centre


accc






















search






menu















    search
    (required)



 
search 


























types of scams






stop. check. protect.

expand submenu for "stop. check. protect."







help to spot and avoid scams





what to do if you've been scammed





help someone who's being scammed





in your language - scam information





for first nations peoples - scam information








report a scam






research and resources

expand submenu for "research and resources"







 quiz - test your scam sense





resources





stop. check. protect. campaign resources




resources for first nations peoples






the little book of scams





scam statistics





targeting scams report





scams awareness week 2024





scam stories






scams awareness network








about us

expand submenu for "about us"







about scamwatch





news and alerts





contact us





report a scam




















 stop. check. protect.
three small steps to keep australia safe from scammers.




















 





stop. check. protect.


three small steps to help you detect and avoid scams.








 





test your scam sense


how well do you know scams? put your scam sense to the test with our online quiz.








 





report a scam


help us stop scammers and warn others by reporting suspicious contact.










 watch our ad - stop. check. protect.
scams take many forms and are becoming increasingly complex and hard to spot.
however, 3 small steps can keep us all safe from scammers.





remote video url












                      show transcript
                    




koen: such a nice couch. $50 deposit. fair enough.
mini-koen: woah! stop, koen. don’t send money if we’re not sure.
phone vo: we’ve had some suspicious activity; can i check your bank details.
mei: ok
mini-mei: mei chen! let’s check this... let’s call the bank’s official number.
steve: ‘dear mr jacobs, your account is now overdue…’
mini-steve: steve! steve! steve! let’s protect ourselves.
steve: ohh.
mini-steve: that email address does not look right. nah.
stop. check. protect.
keep us all safe from scammers.
authorised by the australian government, canberra.
[end of transcript.]













 





first nations resources 


information and resources to help us protect our mob from scams.








 





in your language


translated information and resources to help everyone spot and avoid scams.








 





campaign resources


information and resources you can use to learn and share about scams.









 news and alerts






scam alert: investment bonds scam


criminals are impersonating real businesses and offering fake sustainability investment bonds. they claim these bonds offer high returns and are protected by the government. 









scam alert: social media scams


scammers routinely take over or set up fake profiles on social media, messaging platforms and apps. be aware of scammers using social media to contact you to steal personal and financial details.









scam alert: online shopping scams


scammers are targeting online shoppers during the festive season, especially with christmas shopping and boxing day sales. criminals create fake websites to look like well-known brands. they pretend to sell products at unusually low prices and may write fake reviews to make the website look legitimate.








    view all news and alerts 





 find out more about how to stay safe online





 





australian cyber security centre


the australian cyber security centre (acsc) monitors cyber threats across the globe, provides information about how to protect yourself and your business online and advice when there's a cyber security incident.







 





esafety commissioner


esafety can help australians experiencing online bullying or abuse to take action or make a complaint. they also offer online safety training, presentations and workshops.







 





office of the australian information commissioner


the oaic investigates privacy breaches and handles data breach reports. they provide guidance and advice for consumers and business on how to protect personal information.










subscribe to scamwatch scam alert emails

              stay up-to-date with current scams by subscribing to our scamwatch scam alert newsletter.
            

subscribe to scam alert emails





authorised by the australian government, canberra






















scamwatch instagram
 scamwatch threads
scams awareness videos on youtube







the accc acknowledges the traditional custodians of the lands across australia on which we live and work. we acknowledge their connection to this country and pay our respect to elders past, present and emerging.





footer menu
accc © commonwealth of australia


privacy


disclaimer


accessibility


vulnerability disclosure















