








home - clinical neuro-optic reseach institute




















































 




skip to content



toggle navigationhomethe human pupilthe pupilhuman pupil deformationshuman pupil decentration and multiformatieshuman pupil anisocoriahuman pupil mydriasishuman pupil miosishuman pupil color and dimensionshuman pupil reflexesthe human collarettethe human irislearn morefaqsample assessmentseye image uploadeye capture appclinic applicationeye photography tips & tricksprivacy policyterms of serviceaboutcontact us
 





home2024-08-28t00:35:28+00:00 
biometric neuro-optic technology
the eyes can be regarded as extensions of the brain due to their developmental, anatomical, functional, and pathological connections with the central nervous system. this perspective highlights the integral role of the eyes in visual perception and the importance of understanding the complex interplay between ocular and neural processes.










 












why choose neuro-optics?* free eye capture application for smart phone (android version only, ios coming soon).
* highly accurate mathematical parameters of eye, iris, pupil and collarette.
* detection of thirty unique pupillary deformations, decentrations and multiformaties.
* detection of the percentage of anisocoria, mydriasis, and miosis in the pupil.
* detection of collarette asymmetry and form including constrictions and abnormal shifting.
* constitutional analysis through the examination of connective tissue in the eye.
 
detection of pupillary parameters
numerical data analysis of the iris and pupillary borders – the pupil tonus represented via the ventral and autonomic nervous system.
detection of pupillary ellipses – total deformations are referred to as ellipses, resulting in the pupil assuming an oval shape. it is hypothesized that the origin of this phenomenon lies within the central nervous system and alterations in the cerebrospinal fluid. when the pupil appears elliptical, it typically indicates a prior involvement of cranial nerves.
detection of pupillary deformations – under normal conditions, pupils have a regular round shape with even edges. several types of pupil deformations can be distinguished including drawing (oval-elliptic forms), local flatness (sector deformations, parasympathetic innervation), local protrusions (sector deformations, sympathetic innervation) and multiformities.
detection of collarette anomalies – the collarette’s circular conformity is a measure of nervous system equilibrium. it suggests a direct link between disturbances in the intestines and peripheral disturbances elsewhere in the body.
constitutional research – constitutional classification system research derived from the pioneering and research efforts of josef deck, helmut.w. schimmel, joaquim broy, theodore kriege and rudolf schnabels’ original development work in constitutional classification systems.
contact clinical neuro-optic research instituteif you do not receive a response from your inquiry within 24 hours, please check your spam folder. 
your name *your email *message * 





submitthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×



 
 
© copyright - 2025 |   clinical neuro-optic reseach institute      |   all rights reserved   |


 
 
page load link

 













go to top




