

yamaha - xj 650 - my fanside project















rolf's
        xj650


michael's xj650 - calgery, alberta,
        canada


wade's maxim xj 700


a customized maxim



 


 






 



adrian's
        xj650 - australia


steve's xj 550


niel's
        xj650 midnight-maxim


glens
        xj650 - british columbia canada

 























motorcycle mechanics
        september 1980


cycle guide


brochure from canada


sales brochure


yamaha brochure maxim 400 1982












 






nils from norway


holgers
        xj750 seca import from canada


my
        german xj 650 turbo

 

adrian from australia








i am working on the german website www.xj650.de
        already since 2001. because the xj series for the european market and
        the us market are very similar, but also have got a lot of difference,
        i startet in summer 2002 the english version of the xj 650 fansite, the
        website xj650.com. if somebody is interested
        to see his own xj in the gallery of this webside, he would do me a big
        favour with sending a picture of his xj or maxim. the red maxim was sold
        from wade already years ago. i also added the red xj to the galery. this
        beautiful and costomized yamaha belongs to steve.
i have received in january 2011 some more new pictures from john in the
        us and ardy
        in indonesia. so you see this website is quite international and i
        have used the opportunity to update the page a little bit and also remove
        some outdated links as well. john's
        maxim looks like an american chopper cafe racer. on the website www.thekneeslider.com
        is a much more detailed artcile about the great job john did. ardy send
        me an email asking for a way to repair the turbo. 


i am working on my german 
        yamaha xj 650 turbo project bike since a couple of years and i am
        interested in getting in contact and share information about this great
        bike. so if you also own the xj 650 turbo, i am looking to get in contact
        with other drivers from all over the world to share information. because
        i did not found so many information about the xj 650 turbo on the web,
        i am grateful for any information. 

 i am also looking for the information how many of the xj 650 yamaha
        has been sold world wide, i did not found any information during my research.
        i do have only the number for germany, the where sold round about 250
        units, but there are only still round about 120 units on the road.
i am running a discussion-board,
        which is most in german but there is also an area for the english web
        community, so feel free to use it for all the questions you have. if you
        don't find the information you are looking for, please leave a message
        there. 
i also added a drawing how to
        find the starter switch assy. i also bought at ebay
        a long time ago a three page add from the
        states, which shoes the xj650 maxim. today i uploaded also the article
        about the xj650 out of the cycle
        guide from november 1980. if you want to read the full article, which
        is 7 pages pdf-formated file, you only need to click the picture with
        the cover of the cycle magazine at the top of this website or you follow
        the link before. if somebody has got more articles and also a scanner,
        he can send me the scans and i put them on the webside. i started my work
        on this part with a add from yamaha from 1982 which explains
        the technical details of the xj650 and especially the yics - yamaha
        induction control system. per from norway send me this scan and have have
        to thank him again for his work. i also scaned to yamaha
        brochure from '82 i bought at ebay from canada, received this with
        airmail, scanned the whole broschure and uploaded the contact sheet. 

        if you are interested in the parts catalogue, there is one about the xj650
        seca online avialable, if you are interested in other xj or maxim
        catalogues, please send me an e-mail. you can also have this parts catalogue
        and a lot of others in a better resolution on cdrom, just ask.

i have also a few articles about other yamahas from german motorcycle
        magazines online, if you are interested just follow the link.
        the first two uploads are about the xz550 from '82 and the yamaha rd 350
        ypvs from '83.
links to other motorcycle websites:
riders of vision - jeff's
        new yamaha xz550's website - with updated url
www.cycletrader.com - this website
        will be helpful, if you are looking for a used motorcycle
www.xj650.de - my german website about
        the xj 650
during the early 80's yamaha was not the only company, which built turbo
        motorcycles, also suzuki, kawaska and honda were dealing with turbo motorcycles,
        the turbo motorcycle form suzuki was the xn85, for more information take
        a look at the great website www.xn85turbo.com
dave from colorado sends me the following links to turbo related information
        at the web:
http://www.turbomotorcycles.org
        this website belongs to the american turbo motorcycle international owners
        association. this website is a great source of information for all turbo
        motorcycles.

http://pw1.netcom.com/~rvtucker/seca.html
vince's seca turbo website, contains a lot of useful information about
        the xj 650 turbo seca and how he solved problems he was facing during
        the restauration for his turbo and how ha had improved things.



 







last update
01/23/2011








if you are interested to send me a letter with the snail-mail,
        please use the following adress:
wolf hecht - akazienweg 14 - 22880 wedel - germany






