











systematic automation | precision screen printing machinery









































































skip to content





























find your product



































860-677-6400










contact






















contact us















860-677-6400




screen printing machines all printing machines clamshell f1 f1-dc 810 harmonic lift keg hlt in-line pen printer print belt super roi cc 5000 rotary index rc-1 ncc colorcup pro microscope slide printer sliding table sx sst sliding table printer turret motion vinci 1452 pt – 8 koozie printer t8-ss screen printing accessories squeegee tips and information automatic ink dispenser optical registration system tacky roll cleaner loaders & unloaders screen tension meter screen printing 101 troubleshoot printing fierosil – ink adhesionuv curing systems uv conveyor ultraled uv conveyor uv conveyor max uv curing drinkware bottle treater | flame & uv led conveyor belts uv curing 101vacuum tables vacuum tables 101 cnc sanding systempretreatment flame 360 | flame treatment machine bottle treater | flame treatment fierosil system | adhesion promoterapplications apparel & textiles automotive brewery cosmetics drinkware applications bottles foam cups shot glasses drinkware mugs pint glasses plastic cups tumblers wine glasses electronics events & promotional industrial injection molding medical & science signage sporting goods stationeryabout contact us company timeline virtual office tour blog financingsearch 






				search			








 














contact us














860-677-6400




screen printing machines all printing machines clamshell f1 f1-dc 810 harmonic lift keg hlt in-line pen printer print belt super roi cc 5000 rotary index rc-1 ncc colorcup pro microscope slide printer sliding table sx sst sliding table printer turret motion vinci 1452 pt – 8 koozie printer t8-ss screen printing accessories squeegee tips and information automatic ink dispenser optical registration system tacky roll cleaner loaders & unloaders screen tension meter screen printing 101 troubleshoot printing fierosil – ink adhesionuv curing systems uv conveyor ultraled uv conveyor uv conveyor max uv curing drinkware bottle treater | flame & uv led conveyor belts uv curing 101vacuum tables vacuum tables 101 cnc sanding systempretreatment flame 360 | flame treatment machine bottle treater | flame treatment fierosil system | adhesion promoterapplications apparel & textiles automotive brewery cosmetics drinkware applications bottles foam cups shot glasses drinkware mugs pint glasses plastic cups tumblers wine glasses electronics events & promotional industrial injection molding medical & science signage sporting goods stationeryabout contact us company timeline virtual office tour blog financingsearch 






				search			














 

















 








world's largest manufacturer of precision screen printing machines.






ultra-modern 40,000 sq. ft. manufacturing facility and headquarters is located in connecticut, usa.














screen printing
machines






industry leading design for flat & cylindrical products









uv curing
systems






uv cure flat & cylindrical products with tested solutions









pretreatment
solutions






pretreat flat & cylindrical surfaces with safety and efficiency
































some of our satisfied customers
















































































 















systematic automation screen printing machine manufacturer






systematic automation has been making screen printing machines, uv curing machines, pretreatment systems, and vacuum tables for 40 years. sa has been engineering industry leading machines & providing proven solutions since 1983. every sa product is built & designed in the usa.

















screen printing machines







industry standard printing for your flat & cylindrical products.
manufactured for precision printing for single and multicolor designs.
modular machine options for your products and process.
machines are domestically supported in the usa.








view products



















why screen print?







most affordable means of printing. ideal for large product runs.
unparalled opaque and vibrant image quality.
achieve high-resolution prints with fine details and intricate designs.
used on a wide variety of surfaces, including textiles, paper, glass, metal, and plastic.








view products



















uv curing systems







for uv curing your flat and cylindrical products.
instantly cure your inks for quick product throughput.
lamp sizes up to 40″(101cm). conveyor belts up to 144″(365cm).
tri-power system (200/300/400 wpi) with adjustable settings. led integration optional.








view products





















see all applications








 


 

mugs



 

 


 

signage



 

 


 

license plates



 

 


 

promotional



 

 


 

appliances



 

 


 

brewery



 

 


 

cosmetics



 

 


 

electronics



 

 


 

industrial



 

 


 

injection molding



 

 


 

medical & scientific



 

 


 

sporting goods



 

 


 

stationery



 

next
previous

















built for performance






at systematic automation, we strive to increase the productivity of our customers through world class screen printing machines, uv curing systems and vacuum tables.




















world class screen printing machines






systematic automation screen printing machines can handle a nearly infinite variety of products. we manufacture machines that can print on cylindrical, flat, rigid and flexible products. our machines are designed to lower your printing costs, and increase your productivity.






exceptional flame treatment machines






systematic automation is a leading manufacturer of flame treatment equipment such as our patent pending flame treatment design to provide 360 degree coverage of all types of cylindrical products.









uv curing systems for inks, coatings and adhesives






for both conventional uv curing systems and led curing, systematic automation has you covered. from equipment design to after sale servicing as well as parts, systematic automation prides itself in being a one stop shop for all your uv curing needs.






custom vacuum tables






for over 30 years our vacuum tables have been designed and manufactured to the highest possible tolerances. because we offer so many different options, we can customize vacuum tables for your specific vacuum application. we also have extensive experience in providing vacuum tables with cnc capabilities. contact us today and let us create that vacuum table that is just right for you.



















 

 



the future of screen printing: where tradition meets innovation


in an era dominated by digital technologies, screen printing stands at a fascinating crossroads. rather than being replaced by newer technologies, this time-tested printing method is evolving and finding new applications in ways its original practitioners could never have imagined. as we look toward the future, several key trends and innovations are reshaping the industry.…
read more






 

 



enhancing inkjet printing adhesion: the fierosil system revolutionizes drinkware treatment


for drinkware printing, ink adhesion is paramount. whether it’s intricate designs on packaging or vibrant graphics on marketing materials, achieving optimal print quality requires preparation, especially when it comes to printing on drinkware that will be repeatedly go through the dishwasher. inkjet printing on drinwkare demands a delicate balance of substrate treatment to ensure ink…
read more






 

 



the significance of silica pretreatment


the fierosil silica pretreatment system will provide your images with opaque, durable and cost effectiveness results . silica pretreatment stands as a cornerstone process, offering a myriad of benefits that elevate the quality and durability of printed designs. in this article, we delve into the importance of silica pretreatment before screen printing and explore why…
read more






 

 



your everyday devices: screen printing with conductive ink


in the dynamic world of electronics manufacturing, innovation knows no bounds. one such revolutionary advancement is the utilization of conductive ink in screen printing—a technique that is reshaping the landscape of electronic product design and production. in this article, we delve into the fascinating realm of screen printing with conductive ink, exploring its diverse applications,…
read more














 






















production has nearly doubled

"our production has nearly doubled from switching over from our previous printing machine. sa has integrated features into the printing process to make it effortless for the operator."






printing has never been easier"taking our printing process in house was the best decision we could have made. orders are much more profitable and the model f1 is so simple to work with that we are introducing new products."





immediate support when we needed it"we were new to screen printing and systematic automation helped us from the beginning of what inks to choose, making our screens and training us on screen printing. we still call for assistance now and then and are met with immediate support."





helped every step"i was starting my business and completely lost. systematic automation helped every step along the way and encouraged questions."





excellent advice for printing that saved us thousands"we were confused of where to go for our application. systematic automation was the right choice. not only did they make tooling specific for our product but they gave excellent advice for printing that saved us thousands."





systematic automation worked with us"our experience with manufacturers of printing equipment was lacking in communication and quality. systematic automation worked with us on automating our printing process, manufacturing custom unloading, and loading systems to work with our assembly line."

 










 






play video









industry leading machinery as seen in how it's made




















quick inquiry. prompt response.






quick inquiry. prompt response.






great customer service is part of our culture here at systematic automation. we’re ready and happy to help you with your questions, and assist you in selecting the right machine for your specific application. we’re also happy to provide you with a customized quote. just get in touch - we’d love to hear from you. 






call 860-677-6400 or submit a contact request






you may use this form to:

request a quote
get help finding a screen printing solution for you and your budget
inquire about any of our products















 











first name (required)



last name (required)



company (required)



telephone number (required)



email (required)



your message



i'd like to receive marketing and promotional emails from systematic automation.













please leave this field empty.



δ






























systematic automation






20 executive dr
farmington, ct 06032









screen printing machines






colorcup pro
f1-dc
f1 semi-automatic
t8-ss
sst
super roi
pt-8
sx
cc-5000
rc-1
vinci









uv curing systems






model uvc
model uvsp






vacuum tables






flame treatment






model fl
bottle treater
fierosil ink adhesion





























































systematic automation review score as of 8/29/22

















© copyright 2025 systematic automation | sitemap | site by mpw marketing









 









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept

 









































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











