





institute of integrative aromatherapy® | integrative aromatherapy® certificate program















































 


 skip to content


















  


search for:








homecertificate programcourse descriptionprofessional developmentcareerstestimonialsinstructorresourcescontact 











loading...







integrative aromatherapy® program (est. 1998) 











personal, one-on-one mentoring by an experienced holistic nurse aromatherapist... 











20 separate lessons that are scientifically based & clinically focused... 











for healthcare and non-healthcare professionals alike... 














homearomarn2023-02-16t18:03:34+00:00

certification in the art, science & bio-energetics of essential oil therapy
established in 1998, the institute of integrative aromatherapy (iia) was co-founded by valerie cooksley, rn, ocn, an, faaim, cert and laraine pounds, rn, msn, who have collaborated to bring the vision of integrative aromatherapy® to the forefront of the nursing profession today. combined, they offer course participants with more than 50 years of total experience and expert knowledge in several inter-related fields.
this is a comprehensive course certification program for healthcare professionals and non-healthcare professionals alike. for years, the iia has been at the forefront of the development of clinical aromatherapy in mainstream healthcare and beyond. register today and get started on your path to certification in the art, science & bio-energetics of essential oil therapy.
the approval for 325 continuing nursing educational hours is offered by valerie cooksley through the american holistic nurses association, (ahna). the approval for 325 educational contact hours for massage therapists is through the national certification board for therapeutic massage and bodywork (ncbtmb).
clinical aromatherapy programs are increasingly being integrated into the healthcare system in a variety of settings and for a multiplicity of purposes. if you are using essential oils in your nursing practice it is advantageous to become certified through an approved and nationally endorsed educational program. the co-founders of this nationally recognized and endorsed certificate program are accomplished nurse educators and expert clinical aromatherapy practitioners who have collaborated to co-author the integrative aromatherapy® certificate program.
learn more about the integrative aromatherapy® certificate program



 
 





valerie cooksley, rn, ocn, an, faaim, cert

houston, texas (usa)
phone: +1 (281) 298-2561
email: valerie@aroma-rn.com

 



 
 
 





		copyright © 1998-2023 institute of integrative aromatherapy | integrative aromatherapy® certificate program | all rights reserved	



 
 
 
 


 
 
































































































go to top




