



boog's homepage





boogie boogie boogie boogie blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues backbeat boogie boogie boogie boogie blues
boogie bob's homepage 
boogie blues backbeat blues blues blues blues boogie boogie boogie boogie backbeat rock backbeat roll blues blues blues blues blues boogie rock boogie roll blue blues boogie rock blue







buy
        something


coolpics


legalservices


seeley & baldori 


booking info


almost famous


e-mail: boog@boog.com


hotlinks


calender



hotblues
hot
boogie
hot
backbeat rock & roll



rock & roll rock & roll rock & roll rock & roll rock & roll rock
& roll rock & roll rock & rollrock chuck berry chuck berry chuck berry chuck
berry chuck berry chuck berry chuck berry chuck berry bo diddley bo diddley bo diddley bo
diddley bo diddley bo diddley bo diddley bo diddley bo diddley del shannon del shannon
muddy waters muddy waters john lee hooker willie dixon elmore james son house charlie
patton sonny boy williamson rice williams lafayette leake little walter memphis
slim james booker mance lipscome willie kent leroy carr scrapper blackwell


 
 
boogie bio (e-mail: boog@boog.com)
boogie bob baldori has been a mainstay of blues, boogie and rock in the midwest for 40 years. he
has performed hundreds of dates in every major and minor venue from detroit to chicago, la
to new york to the white house for president clinton. in addition to recording and
performing his own material, boogie bob has produced and engineered over 200 albums. he
also wrote and starred in i'm almost famous, a rock/musical that had four successful
productions starting at the boarshead theater in lansing, michigan, moving to the wharton
center at msu,  the apollo theater in chicago and in 1998 at the
limelight theater, toronto.  he also combines a law
practice with his recording/performing career, representing many clients in the
entertainment field.
he is now working on a new cd titled thrill night, a rambunctious collection of rock,
blues and boogie that will demonstrate again why this legendary performer is king of the
keyboards. deep roots in vintage muddy waters, chuck berry, sonny boy williamson and memphis
slim are obvious but there is nothing dated about boogie bob's music.
baldori started his career in the late sixties in detroit with his group, the woolies,
and soon released a national hit, who do you love. in the following years, in addition to
touring and performing extensively and recording on his own, he backed up chuck berry,
playing hundreds of dates and recording two albums with mr. berry. in addition to berry,
boogie bob worked with many other blues and rock legends, including muddy waters, john lee
hooker, luther allison, tom rush, del shannon , hubert sumlin and bo diddley.
along the way he developed a style of piano playing heavily influenced by boogie and the relentless blues styles of lafayette leake, otis spann, james booker and johnny johnson. if you like classic, no holds barred rock & roll piano boogie, this is for you!
 boogie stomp! 
boogie stomp! is a documentary film that will tell the story of boogie woogie, its origins, subsequent history and ongoing development.  boogie stomp! will also tell the story of the amazing bob seeley.  bob seeley spent his formative years playing with meade lux lewis and other jazz greats in the 1950s and early 60s. over the years seeley has become known as the best boogie woogie and stride player in the world. 

  a few years ago seeley met bob baldori at a boogie woogie festival in honor of the late johnny johnson, chuck berry's original piano player.  baldori had been playing piano and harmonica with berry since 1966.   in addition to fronting his own group he had spent years playing blues, boogie and backbeat rock and roll in chicago and detroit. 

  boogie stomp! documents how the basic elements of boogie woogie - rhythm and improvisation over a blues form - became the backbone of american music.  it is an exploration of the relationship between blues, jazz, boogie, swing, stride, rock, r & b and contemporary pop music. 


contact now: boog@boog.com



