mobile, internet, tv, home monitoring, home phone - rogers

please enable javascript to continue using this application.shop mobile online and save the $70 service set up fee. plus, enjoy no shipping fees on select devices with in-store pickup. shop nowrogers xfinityapp tvstream 40+ live tv channels & netflix standard with ads.  $  25 .00/moshop app tvlearn morepre-order the new samsung galaxy s25 ultra! get on canada's largest and most reliable 5g network1. 
get a credit up to $850 when you trade in an eligible device with financing and select plans.pre-ordercheck out our top dealsadd a line starting at $39/monthaffordable plans for the whole family. get 60gb of data for $39/month when you bring your own device (after automatic payments discount).


available for additional lines only.get it nowsave up to $15/mo on canada's most reliable internet.plans starting at $60/monthshopiphone 16 for $12/month!after bill credit, with eligible trade-in, for 24 months with phone returned, on select plans. setup service fee ($70) may apply.

full price $1,161


apple intelligence requires ios 18.1learn moreintroducing rogers xfinity storm-ready wifistay connected through the unexpected.
for only $15.00/molearn moreget 200gb of data for $85/monthafter auto-pay when you bring your own device and when paired with a home service.


includes unlimited talk & text in canada, the u.s. and mexico.view planget popular tv for $55/mowatch your favourite channels and enjoy the best entertainment experience with rogers xfinity tv & internet bundlesshop5g home internet from $60/monthplug and play. get 5g home internet starting at $60/month, including your choice of device. try it risk-free for 30 days!learn moresign in for exclusive offers! check out amazing plan and phone deals made just for you. sign inview all offershappy lunar new year from rogers!google pixel 9 for $0/month! after bill credit, for 24 months with financing on select plans and phone returned. setup service fee ($70) may apply. full price: $1,287learn morecelebrate a lunar new year reunionget 50% off a chinese theme pack when you add popular tv.detailswhat are you looking for today?rogers bankmobileinternettvhome securitysupportmissing hgtv, food or discovery?enjoy the latest episodes on your favourite channels onrogers xfinity tv.shop tv bundles3% cash back valueexclusively with rogers.learn moreintroducing rogers xfinity for your home.learn morenow get samsung galaxy s25 ultra with 50% lower monthly payments finance samsung galaxy s25 ultra 256gb over 48 months at 0% with a equal payment plan using the rogers red mastercard and enjoy lower monthly payments by up to 50%. no interest, no mobile term contract needed.2learn morefind your favourites on rogers xfinity tv.shop tv bundles previous  next canada's communications & entertainment company. find out more relentlessly driven to connect and entertain canadians.canada’s largest and most reliable 5g network1canada’s most reliable internet±canada’s top destination for entertainmentcanada’s #1 sports networkalready a rogers customer?explore phone plan details for internet and tv customers.  sign inconnect with uschat with annamy rogers, on the go.manage your account, check your usage or upgrade your device anytime, anywhere.see full details±claim(s) based on winning national overall experience awards for download speed, reliability experience, consistent quality and video experience. opensignal awards - canada: fixed broadband experience report may 2024, based on independent analysis of average fixed broadband measurements across all technologies recorded during the period feb 1 - apr 30, 2024  © 2024 opensignal limited.largest based on total square kilometers of rogers 5g coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. rogers was ranked first in the umlaut mobile data performance audits in 2023-2024.  for details visit www.umlaut.com/benchmarking.offer available to primary cardholders only on purchases of $250 or more made in a participating rogers, fido or shaw-branded store using your rogers bank credit card. terms of 36 or 48 months available. offer must be accepted by the primary cardholder by submitting the request form with a rogers representative at the time of purchase. request cannot be made through your online rogers bank account or in any other manner. in order to qualify, at the time you submit your request: your account must be in good standing, you must have less than 6 equal payment plans on your account and the outstanding balance on your account must be equal to or greater than the amount of the purchase. it may take up to 10 calendar days after submitting the request form for your purchase to be converted to an equal payment plan. during the term of the equal payment plan, interest will be calculated on the outstanding equal payment plan balance at an annual interest rate of 0%. there is no interest payable from the date of the purchase up to the date the eligible purchase is converted to an equal payment plan.xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of comcast corporation, used under license. © 2025 comcastundefined