catholic planet - roman catholic theology






catholic planet
catholicplanet.com
 
[ index | theology | articles | poetry | music | resources | links | contact ]

a roman catholic theology website


the cpdv: a conservative literal bible version, translated in the light of roman catholic teaching, from the latin vulgate, without inclusive language or loose rephrasings; available for kindle, in paperback, and online.


reading: a list of my theology books and booklets | my latest blog posts

books:
in defense of pope francis | the catechism of catholic ethics



catholic planet is the website of:
ronald l. conte jr. - roman catholic theologian and translator of the catholic public domain version of the holy bible. read a summary of my work as a lay theologian and an explanation of my credentials. you can also read my blog, the reproach of christ, or follow me on twitter.

my roman catholic theology books:
forgiveness and salvation for everyone
the catechism of catholic ethics
roman catholic teaching on abortion and contraception
the secrets of medjugorje and garabandal
the first part of the tribulation
the second part of the tribulation
apocalypse survival guide for christians
the secrets of la salette and the end times
new insights into the deposit of faith
noah's flood: literal or figurative?
an eschatological commentary on the apocalypse of john

my books on other topics:
healthy eating versus mortality
important dates in the lives of jesus and mary
hunger math: world hunger by the numbers
radiation exposure level and effects [print edition]

my roman catholic theology booklets:
roman catholic teaching on cooperation with evil
original sin and the immaculate conception
the immaculate virgin conception of the virgin mary
dormition, resurrection, assumption
co-redemptrix, mediatrix, advocatrix
the three days of darkness and the time of peace
the great catholic monarch and the angelic shepherd
the return of jesus
god is one divine eternal act
the writing of the gospels and biblical inerrancy

free boolets of catholic theology:
the marital sexual act [free pdf]
the immorality of pornography [free pdf]
on speculative theology and eschatology [free pdf]





   




to read the kindle versions of my books, without a kindle device, get the free cloud reader or any of the free kindle reading apps from amazon.com

the secrets of la salette
claims of private revelation: true or false?
the perfect virginity of jesus and mary
co-redemptrix, mediatrix, advocatrix
the hidden mysteries of the rosary

a full list of my theology books

more resources:
men and women in christ
free, legal catholic music 
christian poetry
catholic planet elibrary -  free spiritual classics
prolife resources - add your prolife story
catholic resources - devotions, prayers, nfp, etc
downloads - info sheets on nfp, catholic prayers
nonet: insights into the chaplet of st. michael

other sites:
hunger math - a blog about world hunger
catechism.cc
questions & answers on marital sexual ethics
natural family planning
catholicplanet.net - catholic discussion forum
catholicplanet.org
sacredbible.org - english and latin bible versions
biblicalchronology.com - a chronology of the nt

a genealogical table of the holy family, john the baptist, and apostles 
[see also this related post.]




here is a list of my theology books and booklets.
my translation of the bible, the cpdv, is available in kindle format from amazon.com and as webpages online.


read the entire catechism of the catholic church on one single easy-to-search webpage (1.6 mb file).
or download a copy to use offline, or to put on your site: catechism.zip (compressed to 547 kb)

please note that each of my theological arguments on any topic stands on its own merits. sometimes i express a theological opinion on a matter of pious disagreement among faithful catholics. other times i express, in my own way, the true teachings of tradition, scripture, magisterium. the faithful are free to disagree with my theological opinions, but they are not free to disagree with the teachings of the magisterium.

[exodus]
{23:2} you shall not follow the crowd in doing evil. neither shall you go astray in judgment, by agreeing with the majority opinion, apart from the truth.


[luke]
{6:22} blessed shall you be when men will have hated you, and when they will have separated you and reproached you, and thrown out your name as if evil, because of the son of man.
{6:23} be glad in that day and exult. for behold, your reward is great in heaven. for these same things their fathers did to the prophets.
...
{6:26} woe to you when men will have blessed you. for these same things their fathers did to the false prophets.




an immaculate life is a generation of sages


