




























































    
    nmgv, norfolk master gardeners
  
  









 













               
      

    

button










 

  
      

    

button












       home



  nmg activity reports


   infographics



  brag board





  plant sale



  urban agriculture


   community outreach



  community gardens



  container gardens



  pollinator gardens





  become a master gardener



  gardening videos and discussions


   good gardening at pretlow



  garden chats



  gardening with gill



  good gardening at home





  speakers bureau



  resources


   vce pubs for homeowners



  local & regional gardens





  periodicals


   let's grow together!



  this month in the garden





  nmg projects


   lwp



  native dune garden



  ernie morgan eco-garden



  zoo garden:african village



  weyanoke



  eovcg



  the potager garden



  zoo cart aka lil buds





  privacy policy



  contact us



  member information section











    
 





       
norfolk master gardeners working to make a better environment



       2025 upcoming events in south hampton roads



   

 

 



   

 weather considerations have led to change for our program for pretlow library. the feb 19 program has been re-scheduled to next wednesday, feb 26, same time, same place. see you there!
the good gardening 2025 
seriesatmary d pretlow anchor branch librarywill have the first scheduled presentationwhen: february 26 at 6:30pm.
topic: "preparing for your spring vegetable garden"speaker: will redfernfurther schedule information for 2025 will be announced when available.

 2025 spring nmg plant sale 
april 10 and 11, 2025 
thursday 9:00am til 7:00pm  friday. 9:00am til 3:00pm 
millstone courtyard 
the hermitage museum and gardens   payment methods:      cash, credit card, check & venmo 
can’t wait to see you there!



   norfolk gardening news! introducing a newsletter written by norfolk master gardeners.
subscribe to let's grow together!
get the most recent issue...


 speakers bureau has been updated for 2025.check it out.
our application process for the class of 2025 has closed. 
if you would like to be added to the prospect list for the class of 2026, please email us at interntraining@norfolkmastergardeners.org.see the updated
faq's for the intern training class



   we are taking some time to update our look and feel.sorry for any inconvenience this may cause...we are under construction...we hope to make the transition by the end of february.

 



   



   norfolk’s plant hardiness zone has changed with the new 2023 usda plant hardiness zone map.
plug in your zip code to see - all of our fair city is now in zone 8b, with slightly warmer average winter temperatures as measured from 30 years of data. zone boundaries for more than half the u.s. have changed in this map.
for us, this has implications for potentially longer growing seasons, weeds germinating earlier, and an increase in the number of insects. if only that translates to more pollinators!as always, norfolk master gardeners suggest that growers look for native species first. plant virginia natives has links to important information about the long-term impact of these plants, which plants are invasive, where to buy natives, and the current native plants for hampton roads. this guide is available to download now, but a new edition is due out early next year. we look forward to seeing changes to the guide that may stem from the revised hardiness zones in our region.

  the
2023 infographic is online. see what your norfolk mgs have been up to.

 take a moment to listen to the newest source of information regarding the activities of the nmg.

presenting:
garden chats
other topics﻿
 the
2024 brag board is available.







      urban ag team is here for you



   need some help with a veggie garden? or a pollinator garden, native plant garden or container garden? are you a librarian or teacher and need help creating a teaching garden? are you a civic leader or church interested in establishing a community garden? or maybe a homeowner who would like to start a veggie garden, pollinator bed, native plant garden or container garden? our urban ag team can help with all of that by providing you with all of the gardening advice and education you need to be successful. we will come to your organization, and we even make house calls!
﻿contact us at
norfolkvce.mg@gmail.com




  




   



   you can now find the lafayette wetlands partnership activities under the nmg project activity/lwp in the menu bar.
looking for information about the norfolk master gardener program?check
here...



  


   norfolk gardening news! introducing a newsletter written by norfolk master gardeners.
subscribe to let's grow together!




   it's february in norfolk, virginia. check out the
planting guide for zone 8b.
(pending the new guides from virginia tech cooperative extension service that include the recent change to 8b).the new plant hardiness zones map from usda.govthe february
let's grow together is available for your reading enjoyment.this month in the garden past issues are available
here.
   



   here is a
guide from the vce showing the best times of the year to prune your shrubs. 




   gardening with gill and the
good gardening at home videos have a new home.

  


  








       soil test kits




   soil test kits are free and available at each norfolk public library branch. there is a $10 fee for the routine testing of your soil sample, which you will need to mail directly to the virginia tech soil lab. the results normally provide all the necessary information to correct your soil adequately. the test kit includes a form with instructions for collecting the sample and sending it to the soil lab along with your payment.   for more information






      the nmgs crape myrtle pruning projectwas in colonial place



   

 residents of colonial place improved the appearance of their crape myrtles with
guidance and instruction
from the nmgs.
here you see the before and after images.for more information about this project, contact:paulette crawford:
crawford27@cox.net or (757) 650-4129ginger farrell:
vafarrell@yahoo.com or
(757) 972-5987

 






   
the norfolk master gardener association fosters communication, education, fellowship, and leadership among our members. the association provides staffing, management and organization for approved virginia cooperative extension master gardener (vce-mg) programs.      

ask the extension agent

ask the extensionagent for help
   

find utility friendly trees

look up, virginia! a list of utility friendly trees
   

find an isa certified arborist

international society of arboriculture
   

norfolk significant trees

database of trees listed on the norfolk open data portal





   read the article about the significant tree program.the virginian-pilot: "tall ones, wide ones, awe-inspiring ones: this list is for 'only the coolest' trees in our area."  
   

read the article




   get growing!      

 




stay in touch... 


      

top









      
 



 virginia cooperative extension-norfolk830 southampton avenuesuite 2069 norfolk, virginia 23510-1001phone: 757-683-2816fax: 757-683-2300
 office hours:monday – friday 8:30 am to 5:00 pm





















































































  
  share by:













