








luxury home design and construction | virginia beach 





















































  jackschoch@aol.com
 office: 757-495-5050
  mobile: 757-724-8900






toggle navigation







home
about us
floor plans
communities
for sale
gallery
testimonials
contact us
 












jf schoch building corporation
designing and building dream homes and commercial buildings since 1994






 




new home design & construction
get a beautiful custom home for your family. quality workmanship by experienced builders to make your dream home a reality.



commercial construction
let us build a new headquarters for your business, office building, warehouse, shopping center or an upscale restaurant to create an amazing atmosphere to compliment your menu.



quality construction since 1994
we have over 20 years experience
building
grand homes and stunning businesses for our clients. call today to get started making your dreams come true.



serving
virginia beach
whether you’re looking to build in virginia beach,
norfolk, portsmouth, chesapeake, smithfield,suffolk and the tide water/ hampton roads
area call today to discuss what jf schoch can do for you.




our history
 

 
 
 

jack and margaret schoch have built showcase homes in 16 previous homearamas, demonstrating how their dynamic partnership can bring a dream home to life. jack’s talent for perfection and craftsmanship in building combines well with margaret’s skills at dramatic design and decorating. their synchronism translates into quality workmanship, depth of experience and intense sense of style. to date, there are close to 300 schoch homes, from $200k to more than $4 million, gracing hampton roads. many located in virginia beach’s church point, indian river plantation and chesapeake’s warrington hall and graystone.read more


best general contractor in virginia beach – view here





gallery

























built from 1999-2003




















indian river plantation.




















commercial buildings




















unique elegance




















ashville park homearama 2008




















homearama 2013 greenwich




















north shore houses




















homearama 2003





 










 client testimonials













ron oraczewski
 lookin good i love doing custom work aswell !!!!!





margie mitchell
 “glad to see the schoch name out there again!”





sean dodds
 “the intersection of artistry and functionality, innovation and professionalism.”





gail ferguson
 “what a awesome team. jack and margaret use their talents to make this world a beautiful place to be. thank u for blessing my life.”















  



 quick links

floor plans
communities
for sale
testimonials
contact us


 


facebook feed






 contact us
2117 mccomas way suite #103, virginia beach, va 23456
jackschoch@aol.com
757-495-5050

















all copyrights reserved © 2017


email us  call us




























