 viva! - the vegan trailblazers                            

the uk’s leading vegan campaigning charity












































shopdonate or joinresourcesmenumenuwho we are


who we are
contact us30 years of viva!work with ussubscribe to emailsmedia centreleaving a legacy gift in your willviva! reviews


viva! poland
help us save animals in ukrainevolunteer at viva! poland’s animal sanctuary


viva! uganda


animals


animals



aquatic wildlife
crabsfishlobstersoctopusesprawns and shrimpturtles
chickens
broiler chickensegg-laying hens
cattle
beef cattledairy cows
ducks and geesegoatspigssheep and lambsturkeysother animals
badger cullingcrocodileshoney beeshorseskangaroosostrichesrabbitsreindeersquirrel culling


campaignsinvestigationsintroduction to factory farmingnumber of animals killedslaughter: how animals are killed

animals exploited for fashion
down feathersfurleathersilkwool
reporting farmed animal crueltyred tractor overviewblog


health


health



campaignshealth features and blogs
health featureshealth blog
news and research
health newshealth research
why animals products harm
meatdairyeggsfish
fake news about fake meatbalanced vegan

a-zs
a-z of nutrientsa-z of diseasesa-z of foodsa-z of hidden nasties
healthy vegan diet
why veganism is healthywhat i need each dayvegan for health guideexpert endorsements and testimonialsmealplansmen’s health
health conditions
bone healthbreast cancerdiabetesheart disease and strokeobesity
evolution and physiology
the evolution of a veganthe physiology of a vegan
global health threats
antibiotic resistancefactory farming and diseasezoonotic diseases
bird flucoronavirusmpox (monkeypox)

vegan through the life stages
vegan new parents’ guidethriving vegan childrenelders


nutrientsvegan health faqssoyasports & nutrition on a vegan diethealth mini factsheetshealth resources


planet


planet



campaigns

issues
climate crisisair pollutionalmonds, avocados and beesdairydeforestationdesertificationfood milesfood wasteland usenature in dangerpalm oilsoyawater useworld hunger


solutions
viva! farmingcultured meatfarming for the future
why?how?12 farming myths bustedrevisioning britain map
veganism




viva! farming

blogs


lifestyle


lifestyle



what is veganism?
definition of veganismstatistics about veganism
going vegan
why go vegan?veganism 101easy veganvegan faqseasy vegan swaps
alcoholbuttercheesechocolatecream and custarddessertsegg alternativesice creammeat alternativesplant milktofuyoghurt
vegan at home
convenience foods & easy recipesvegan recipesvegan on a budget
vegan on the go
food shoppingrestaurants and eating outtravelling vegan

living vegan
artcosmetics and toiletriesfashion
down feathersfurleathersilkwool
finding communityhumane animal controltravelling veganvegan carsultimate vegan christmas guideveganism in religionvegan through the life stages
eldersthriving vegan children

viva! volunteer community
get involvedstreet actions and protestsviva! staff
students and universitiesvegan eat, shop & stay

viva! podcastviva!life magazinev7 challengev30 challengemy vegan town directory

celebritiescampaignsblogsupporter discount schemeviva! gen (under 18s)


being vegan


why go vegan?

how to be vegan


campaigns


our campaigns

current appeals



recent campaigns





investigation: europe’s largest lobster port




gasping for life




would you swap?




get involved


viva! volunteer communitybook a talkfundraise with team viva!events

donatejoin viva!leaving a legacy gift in your willrenew membershipfor businesses


resourcesvegan recipesshop
animals
health
planet
lifestyle
scroll down viva! the vegan charityviva! is the uk’s leading vegan campaigning charity, specialising in undercover investigations and high-profile animal campaigns. we explore the consequences of what we eat – on farmed and wild animals, on our planet and on us. we help people change their diet to be kind to all kind. viva! was founded in the uk in 1994 by juliet gellatley and we have spent more than 30 years creating a humane and more sustainable world for people and all animals. viva! is also actively campaigning in poland and uganda.celebrating 30 years of viva!who we arejoin us 



help viva! expose the shocking truth about dairyviva!’s new crowdfunding campaign, dairy is scary, will launch the uk’s first anti-dairy cinema advert, exposing the harsh realities of the dairy industry. through powerful storytelling, the ad aims to challenge perceptions, spark conversation, and inspire change.
previous next
help viva! expose the shocking truth about dairyanimals viva!’s new crowdfunding campaign, dairy is scary, will launch the uk’s first anti-dairy cinema advert, exposing the harsh realities of the dairy industry. through powerful storytelling, the ad aims to challenge perceptions, spark conversation, and inspire change.



investigation: europe’s largest lobster portan undercover investigation exposes the shocking conditions faced by millions of lobsters at europe’s “lobster capital”.
previous next
investigation: europe’s largest lobster portanimals an undercover investigation exposes the shocking conditions faced by millions of lobsters at europe’s “lobster capital”.



ultimate vegan christmas guide (2024)if you’re a vegan, we’ve got you covered with this cheeky guide to surviving a plant-based christmas.
previous next
ultimate vegan christmas guide (2024)featured (campaigns) if you’re a vegan, we’ve got you covered with this cheeky guide to surviving a plant-based christmas.



gasping for lifethis is your opportunity to have a huge and lasting impact on the gross injustice of factory farming. help end the suffering of billions of animals now.
previous next
gasping for lifeanimals this is your opportunity to have a huge and lasting impact on the gross injustice of factory farming. help end the suffering of billions of animals now.



are you an animal lover?this is your opportunity to have a huge and lasting impact on the gross injustice of factory farming. help end the suffering of billions of animals now.
previous next
are you an animal lover?animals this is your opportunity to have a huge and lasting impact on the gross injustice of factory farming. help end the suffering of billions of animals now.



viva!’s 30th anniversary!this is the remarkable journey of viva!, a journey that began in 1994 with juliet gellatley founding and launching a new organisation whose main goal was to campaign loud and proud for veganism.
previous next
viva!’s 30th anniversary!featured (campaigns) this is the remarkable journey of viva!, a journey that began in 1994 with juliet gellatley founding and launching a new organisation whose main goal was to campaign loud and proud for veganism.
why go vegan?


how to go vegan

news and blogs
animals

 
help viva! expose the shocking truth about dairy
15/02/2025  |  
viva!  |   animalsviva!'s new crowdfunding campaign, dairy is scary, will launch the uk's first anti-dairy cinema advert, exposing the harsh realities of the dairy industry. through powerful storytelling, the ad aims to...
lifestyle

 
green runner is first woman to complete barkley marathons
14/02/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   blogin march, jasmine paris – co-founder of the green runners – made history by becoming the first woman to ever complete the barkley marathons in tennessee.
health

 
15 easy ways to pimp your meals to eat 30 plants a week
03/02/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   blogit is now becoming clear that eating a variety of plants has additional benefits, such as diversifying the gut microbiome and giving us a more resilient gut.
lifestyle

 
vegan speedskater takes two golds and top spot
02/02/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   blogvegan speedskater, kristen santos-griswold, snatches two golds at seoul and reclaims top ranking.
health

 
ultra-processed foods – what you need to know
01/02/2025  |  
dr. justine butler  |   blogare all ultra-processed foods (upfs) equally bad and do vegan upfs offer any health benefits?
lifestyle

 
vegan becomes women’s british powerlifting champion
21/01/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   blogbrit sophia ellis returned to the stage in top form at the british powerlifting championships.
lifestyle

 
vegan bodybuilder is pro figure world champion
05/01/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   blogvegan natural bodybuilder maddie mcconnell has won the pro figure wnbf world championships.
health

 
10 foods to add to your diet in 2025
03/01/2025  |  
nicholas hallows  |   bloghere are 10 overlooked or forgotten foods you can easily add to your diet without completely changing what you eat.
health

 
eating well for the new year
01/01/2025  |  
dr rebecca jones gp  |   blogif you’re looking to eat healthier in the new year, our guest blogger dr rebecca jones shares how a few simple changes can make a big difference in improving your...
1
2
3
…
88
next »advanced search »viva! in the media
see articlesdon't miss

shop now
donatejoin usscroll up


































menumenuwho we areconnect with us
contact uscampaign with uswork with usmedia centresubscribe to emailslegacies
viva! podcastsite mapprivacy policy












































































menumenuwho we areconnect with us
contact uscampaign with uswork with usmedia centresubscribe to emailslegacies
viva! podcastsite mapprivacy policyviva! 8 york court, wilder street, bristol bs2 8qh
t: 0117 944 1000 | contact us via email
viva! is a registered charity 1037486
© 2025 copyright viva! – the vegan trailblazers.we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent. more info at https://viva.org.uk/terms/cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary	

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional	

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance	

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics	

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement	

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others	

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & acceptpowered by 


         