


addiction therapy - drug and alcohol rehab - clermont counseling




















local addiction counselors
drug and alcohol rehab specialists

 










heroin rehab
buprenorphine doctors
rehab for dwi offenders
dual diagnosis specialists
inpatient drug and alcohol rehab











treatment specialists are here to help you 24/7

call (844) 690-4040




substance abuse programs » 





who answers?




 ×









find help for your addiction today - clermontcounseling.org
the phrase "where there is a will, there is a way," certainly applies to enrolling in drug and alcohol rehabilitation.  the old thinking that the right time to enroll in an addiction rehabilitation program is after the sufferer has hit “rock bottom.” but, enrollment in an addiction treatment program does not have to wait.
the old theory has no basis and in the opinion of professionals in the addiction treatment profession, the time to get an addict to a treatment center was yesterday. the chances are good  that the addict will refuse and resist entry into an addiction treatment program of any kind. denial is a big part of the addiction mindset and don’t be surprised if there is not a good amount of fear mixed in the equation.
most addicts have attempted self-treatment and are well aware of the painful, frustrating challenge of detoxification and withdrawal. from the addict’s perspective, they know this is a massive, lifelong undertaking that they will not undergo voluntarily, even when their job is threatened, their finances are a mess and legal issue are mounting.
underestimating the power of addiction
people who are not addicted tend to be judgmental of people who are and addicts tend to be judgmental of people who judge them. if it is a loved one who is addicted, loved ones tend to protect the individual and steadfastly defend their child or spouse until no other options exist.
eventually, the bystanders tend to realize they are enabling the addiction. this is a window of opportunity for entry into a treatment program. when all friends and family members simply draw a line in the sand and announce they will no longer support, lend money or do anything else to support use until the addict enters treatment, can be effective in encouraging some addicts to recover.
chances are, the addict will reject this strategy and pull way further. addicts typically change friendships and partners often. addicts are motivated by one thing and one thing only, the process of re-supply and continued use.
addictions are insidious and powerful. the addict’s brain is under attack. his or her conduct can be extremely offensive. the addict’s sense of responsibility and sense of family and friendships mean little because the brain is driving the need to re-supply. if the addict was thinking the way the person you knew before he or she was an addict, the person would probably have stopped a long time ago.
why addicts enter treatment
the reason the addict eventually does agree to go into treatment is because a friend, a loved one or a family member did not give up. even if you refuse to be an enabler by providing excuses, funding, providing transport or anything else connected to use, the loved one who perseveres will be influential in the addict’s decision to pursue a life of abstinence.
the addict’s career, responsibilities and finances will probably fall by the wayside. when he or she enters treatment, support getting in a program and when coming out will be critical to the overall success of the treatment. treating addiction is a lifelong endeavor. relapse can occur at any time.
to be a good supporter for an addict means not blaming yourself for the actions and habits of the addict. learn as much as you can about addiction, the symptoms, the causes, the effects and the treatment and be strong in your support during and after therapy.
intervention works best
effective intervention overseen and administered by a professional interventionist is the most effective way to enroll an addict in addiction treatment. a successful, intervention can occur at any time the signs of addiction are apparent.
for an intervention to work, there must be a strategy and plan to enroll as soon as the meeting breaks up. a professional interventionist will make all the arrangements and take the addict to the center as the meeting unwinds. if an individual will lead the intervention, it is important that that individual visit a center and receive advice and admittance instructions.
the goal of addiction intervention is to break through the addict’s denial and get the addict enrolled. any other result is a failure. expect anger, insult, hurt feeling sand resistance. the participants in this intervention must be strong, committed unafraid to stand up to the addict and ready to act. if one of the participants is angry within the addict and not able to take a positive approach to the goal of enrollment, things can fall apart fast.
persons who are present in the intervention should be familiar with addiction and the mental health of the addict. hurtful comments will be counter-productive. and, then there is the possibility that no matter how well the intervention seems to be going and how well planned the enrollment process is, the addict will refuse to comply.
participants in intervention usually stipulate the actions they will take if the addict does not enroll. it is important that these participants stand firm. the addict may find other enablers but as enablers disappear, the need for treatment will become more apparent.
intervention can occur at any time, at any place. the best time for an intervention is when it is thoroughly organized and planned. don’t wait for the addict to hit rock bottom. the sooner he or she is in treatment, the better the chance of recovery.




search all rehab centers

inpatient and outpatient facilities


search by specialty

court mandated therapy
dual diagnosis therapy
dui/dwi rehab programs
methadone clinics

addiction treatment

addiction specialists
addiction rehab and mental illness
alcohol detox methods
dui educational courses
halfway houses
heroin addiction information
intensive outpatient therapy
judge ordered addiction rehab
methadone maintenance
methods of addiction counseling
most common addictive drugs
most effective addiction therapies




 
 

search by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






find help in your city




sacramento 
hartford 
north platte 
santa fe 
fargo 
lawton 
la crosse 
selma 
jonesboro 
carson 
corona 
downey 
riverside 


santa maria 
woodland 
durango 
winter springs 
mount prospect 
bossier city 
livonia 
pontiac 
kent 
reading 
greer 
cleburne 
newport news 


sheridan 
thomasville 
commerce 
orland 
scotts valley 
delta 
cocoa 
duluth 
stone mountain 
effingham 
angola 
mission 
corbin 


owosso 
portage 
hugo 
new ulm 
union 
barrington 
brevard 
clayton 
dunn 
sheridan 
beaver falls 
azle 
markham 








 



chemical dependency treatment programs
privacy policy
about us
contact us
listing change requests

do not use the information on this website for official medical guidance. you should always consult a licensed addiction specialist for diagnosis and treatment. please read our terms and conditions for more information.
by dialing the sponsored phone number at the top of this website, you will be routed to a third-party addiction advisor that is not associated with this website.
@copyrights 2022 www.clermontcounseling.org - all rights reserved.










