






the best hotel deals – explore your options



































			skip to content		



the best hotel deals
explore your options








hotel booking 


last updated: july 30th, 2016
if you’re a traveler looking for a great way to book your hotel and accommodations, then the internet is your friend. the internet has become a vital part in almost all business industries including hotels. before, it was very difficult to book reservations. now, you can surf the net and find numerous sites that allows you to book a hotel. some sites also show reviews and feedback about the hotel. if you want a great experience you better make sure you read them (it makes it easier to filter out the good ones from the bad ones).
hotel booking has become so easy in today’s world. you simply search, click, buy, and then you’re done. this has increased the number of people that go on vacation because now there is greater access to information. you have a much better ideas of what to expect. you can also have the freedom to choose through the wide variety of hotels.
seasoned travelers are now booking their reservations through the internet. apart from having the convenience in booking, they’re also faced with wider variety of choices that is a much better selection. online booking sometimes also allows travelers to get coupons and discounts, so they save money through it. payments can also be made online right there and then. receipts are made through email right after the reservation is made.

there are so many advantages when doing online booking instead. aside from you wouldn’t need to step out of your house to book, you also won’t have to just focus on a few list that travel agencies can offer you. you will also be able to check the sites and visit it virtually even before you’re there. plus, an advantage of getting a feel of the previews visitors’ experience of the place and this review can either make you go or make you cancel the reservation.
however if you’re not into the internet thing and wide variety of choices, you can definitely visit some travel agency offices. they can also offer accommodation and will also help you narrow down your choices. you can also have them pick a place for you by just telling them what you would want in a place and they surely can do the picking for you. aside from this, it also helps to talk to a person who’s been doing it for quite a while as they surely know the type of accommodation you would deeply enjoy.
bookings aren’t also limited to that. some magazines and guidebooks also have landline or contact numbers of the hotels they recommend. you can definitely try to make that call and book via hotel personnel on the other line. this way, you can also check for some promotions and discounts offer by the hotel.

if you are already in the area and did not have time to do your booking ahead of time, you can do the walk in process. go check out the amenities and the prices including the availability of the room at the front desk, and book your accommodation. the disadvantage of this though is that most of the time, the hotel is already fully booked by the people who did the reservations in advance, but you can still try.
there are many advantages to booking in advance and choosing the right hotel. some hotels have far better amenities when spending your nights. finding a hotel that works closely with united medical education is essential for staff and patron safety. they expect hotels to have a doctor or a nurse on call in case of medical emergencies. besides helping hotels understand the importance of having healthcare on staff, they also teach acls online recertification, pals online recertification, and bls. when making a reservation it is unlikely that such things will be readily advertised. you need to call the hotel and ask if they have any medical professionals on staff and what certifications they have earned. if they don’t have a doctor or nurse on staff they should at least have the numbers to call in the event of a medical emergency available and posted.


author willie scottposted on june 14, 2016may 29, 2018categories hotel amenities and safety with acls trained staff, hotel-dealsleave a comment on hotel booking 



best hotel deals 


you surely don’t have to spend much to get a good deal in a hotel. sometimes, you just have to know where and how to find these deals. who doesn’t want to get the best accommodation in a hotel with a cheaper rate?
as the demand increases, the prices also take the peak. good thing that there are tips that you can use to find the best hotel deals so you can enjoy your travel without spending too much. here are some lists that could help you find the best hotel deals there is.
end of the day check in
if you’re looking to get an upgrade, checking in at the near end of the day can be very helpful. hotels have better deals in terms of accommodation during those hours of the day and are more likely to give upgrades that are available.
pick-up the phone
instead of calling the reservation numbers or booking online, call the hotel directly and speak with the hotel personnel. people working in the hotel are more likely to have the ability of upgrading your room. there are also promotions and discounts that only hotel personnel can offer. not only that, but you often can negotiate a price. for example; ask if they have medical staff who are familiar with acls drugs and medications. if they don’t have a doctor who works with the hotel that is a point of negotiation.
be a regular customer
being a regular customer increases the odds of you getting an upgrade. you can have one favorite hotel at a certain place and build relationships with the hotel personnel. so, if you’re always travelling in different places, make sure you pick your bet and be a regular. there are also hotels that provides loyalty programs for regular customers, you can definitely take advantage and join.
choose business hotels
business hotels have greater deals and provide more discounts and promos. the reason behind is because there are seasons where business can be slow like during summer and also during weekends. this can lead to even lower prices.
check the calendar
it’s always best to check hotel calendars every now and then since prices vary depending on the demand. there are times when you book ahead of time that you get a better deal. just be very patient and know that there will always be a day in a week when prices are better for you.
check online
you can always compare the prices online. some online sites also offer discounts and promotions which would help you decide which deal is best for you. the prices also changes, every now and then.
you can definitely haggle
at the reception area
do not hesitate to haggle for the prices when you’re checking in. one rule though, haggle when no other guests is there, this increases the chances of you getting an upgrade or a discount. also, be polite when doing the haggle and remember that you are the one asking for a favor.
try these tips and see if you can get the best hotel deals. there are a lot of deals out there; you just have to know where to find them. it can be a very tiring way to check the internet but it sure is worth it if you get the deal you’d like.
 


author willie scottposted on june 10, 2016may 29, 2018categories hotel-dealsleave a comment on best hotel deals 



what is a hotel? 

a hotel is an establishment that provides accommodation. they also provide meals and other services (restaurants, swimming pool, jacuzzi, and spa) for travelers and even locales that wanted to have a weekend or a long escapade. there are also hotels that provides venue for conference and small gatherings, even weddings and any activities.

a hotel also has a rating system from one star to five star, five being the highest rate. the higher the star rating of the hotel, the more expensive it gets. however, prices still very from the type of accommodation the hotel offers. the location also varies; there are some hotels with higher rates because they got the nicest location, like the overlooking view of the city or at a certain area.
hotel rooms also vary from one hotel to another. some hotels have different styles as part of their advertisements and marketing strategy. the usual hotel rooms can either be single, twin bedroom, multi-storied, and so on. usually, hotels also have rooms wherein you can have a better view of the outside, an open interior bedroom. you can also request the room set-up you want to have. that would depend on the hotel you’ll be staying. they also have what they call room levels like, standard room, family suites, premium, and jacuzzi suites.
  
there are countless of hotels nowadays, some are located anywhere within the city or any villages. more often than not, hotels are situated within a business district, airports, in downtown areas, vacation areas, sports arenas, tourist attractions, freeways, also a casino, and some other places.
so what’s the difference between a hotel and a motel? very often, people mix up hotels with motels because motels also provide short-term and long-term type of lodging. but, hotels are also different from motels. aside from hotels are usually much more expensive than motels, a motel doesn’t have many amenities to offer and they also do not have basic room types hotels does. aside from that, they also do not consider any type of star rating. however, there are a good number of a good and nice motels that would cause you a little less compare to staying in a hotel.
most travelers that are looking for adventure, books their hotel accommodations far ahead than the travel dates especially during peak seasons, like summer where most people are in a vacation. business person’s travels the most as well and often stay at a four to five star hotel where they can find the best accommodations for their business deals.
internet has been a very helpful avenue for hotel businesses. almost all hotels are also offering online services for bookings and reservations. some requires you to pay ahead of time to assure the reservation and some you can reserve and pay on right after your stay. there are also plenty of online reviews where you can find feedback from people who have already stayed at the hotel. reviews are very important, most of the time it can either make or break a hotel’s popularity.


author willie scottposted on june 9, 2016june 15, 2016categories hotel-dealsleave a comment on what is a hotel? 



tips on how to pick a hotel 

are you a traveler that is rooting for the best experience you can ever have? or maybe you’re a businessman who would like to have an ideal place for a business deal. or you can be just someone looking to have a weekend escapade someplace else. maybe you’re both or all of it, either way you want to have that nice soothing and worth it stay at any hotel you’ll find yourself staying.

choosing the best hotel might be a very tiring thing to do. added the countless packages and enticing offers of numerous hotels, you can be browsing in the internet and find yourself confused. this might be helpful list of tips on how you can pick a hotel, since every one of us has different needs and types when traveling.
know what you want and need
there are numerous types of hotels that offer different accommodation types. before you can even choose where to stay, you need to ask yourself what you want. if you’re a traveler in a new place you would like to explore, then you might want to pick the hotel that is located in the most strategic way so you can explore the foreign place. now if you’re a traveler, but wants to visit in a specific place, then you’d need to be in a hotel near that place or lodge in the hotel at that exact place. having a hotel that also meets your medical needs is imperative. if you’re elderly with a poor heart you may want to consider a hotel with a doctor trained in online acls certification. this would mean an expert medical provider would be near in the event of a heart attack or stroke.
check guidebooks and magazines
guidebooks and magazines can be really helpful as well when choosing a hotel. they provide ratings from 1-5 star and they are pretty reliable sources. you can also find recommendations and destinations near the place you weren’t even aware of.
check your pocket
hotels have different accommodation types and what you want sometimes disagrees with what you can afford. you would not want to travel now and after go home with an empty pocket. this might dishearten you a bit, but know that there are plenty of hotels that offer a cheaper rate and still offer a fair accommodation. almost every website you visit already includes blogs and rate plans, so then you can fix up your budget and hotel.
watch out for red flags
before even booking, you have to make sure that you check the hotel’s reviews online or maybe try asking a friend who’s already been there. happy customers sometimes writes reviews, but an unhappy camper almost all the time rant feedback. red flags for the negative review, check them all and if they are unsatisfied about the same issue, that’s a no-no.
try calling the hotel
although you can find hotel reservations online, there are times when you find the right hotel you need with amenities you want and the price you can afford, but more often than not they’re already fully booked. why don’t you try picking up the phone and the hotel hotline? almost all the time this works, they always have an extra room for sure guests.
overall, the choice of hotels is a vital part of what you would want to achieve. it’s part of the experience and fun. be very picky when it comes to hotels where you can stay and stay safe!
 


author willie scottposted on june 8, 2016may 29, 2018categories hotel amenities and safety with acls trained staff, hotel-dealsleave a comment on tips on how to pick a hotel 




kevin dean, hotelier 



hello, and welcome to my website about hotels. i’ve been in the hotel industry for more than a decade and i have helped my clients build a name for themselves in their region. our team has witnessed awesome transformations as a result. if you would like to learn more about hotels and what we do email me at: 
contactus@point-hotel.co.uk



 



the best hotel deals

					proudly powered by wordpress				












