






merkur xr4ti.com





              
welcome to merkurxr4ti.com 
welcome to my merkur
website.  this site is dedicated to merkur xr4ti's (some info is applicatble
to other 2.3l turbo fords as well) and has five main areas.





first, my main
focus is my air
to water intercooler system for the merkur.  i have designed it
with this one car in mind, and i feel that i have put together a great 
kit that is far superior to anything else that is commercially available
for the merkur.  i built a system very similar to this one back in
the early nineties and have enjoyed it since. this earlier version was
my prototype, to which i have made numerous improvements. after joining
discussions on  the internet, especially roland zuk's imon list (since
closed) my eyes were opened and i have been able to meet and talk with
many motivated merkur nuts all around the country. it was after seeing
the options out there,  i decided to produce this system and market
it to other merkur fanatics who know that the air water intercooler is
the way to go.  note that the merkur enthusiasts now hang out at the
merkurowners.org mailing list.
its free and its great.

add yourself to the merkur map

one
other area that i feel that i have come up with a very good solution is
the mounting of the
larger vam in combination with the cone style k&n filter. 
i have assembled and/or fabricated the required pieces to easily make this
modification and arrive at a easy to install, professional looking installation. 
check it out!  please be advised that due to the time consuming nature of the production
 of this item that long delays are possible.  please check via e-mail to verify that they are in stock. 
the third are is the merkur
enthusiasts screensaver.  i made a request for merkur related
photographs and i have received some fantastic ones.  this is a free
screensaver that i provide thru my website.  please feel free to submit
your photographs.  click on the link above or the button at left to
reach that area.
the fourth area is dedicated to other individuals
who have devised their own solutions, improvments, and workarounds to the
merkurs intricacies.  this will be a showcase of the 
ingenuity
of other merkur owners and their solutions
the last area is a listing of 
specific
parts that i am offering for sale.  a few of these are of interest
to people who are planning to install the intercooler from the 1987 or
1988 thunderbird turbocoupe onto their merkur.  i have devised some
parts that make this more simple.  























































please enjoy your
visit to merkurxr4ti.com
thank you,
richard thompson

















