


nriol resourceful information and services for non resident indians, indian diaspora, india's position in the world, indians abroad
























toggle navigation






 



   + 91 (80) 41101026 [call]
email








toggle navigation







home

exclusives



nriol exclusives

featured articles
columnists
poets corner
list of quizzes
indian elections
more in exclusives




news

live news
newsline
english newsline
vernacular newsline
movies and music
cricket




community

overseas students
20 questions
nri organizations
nriol happenings
culinary club
more...





resources 



indian baby names

indian boy baby names
indian girl baby names
muslim baby names
christian baby names
parsi baby names
sikh baby names




india stats

indian statistics
indian languages
indian parenting
indian paintings
real estate in north bangalore




international movers
immigration information
return to india
indian diaspora
america visitors
australia visitors
canada visitors
malaysia visitors
qatar visitors
singapore visitors
uae visitors
uk visitors
indian tourism
indian insurance




about us














nriol - non resident indians online







are you an nri? are geographical distances creating impassive barriers? a world of possibilities awaits you in india. we, nri online pvt. ltd. (nriol.com) are a one-stop multi-information and service provider to the global nri population. with us, you find an answer to every query you have as an nri. we are your second home, providing all relevant news and information and letting you feel proud of your status as nri.
the nri and pio population worldwide has been estimated at 30 million plus. with this figure, india stands second after china, having the largest diaspora in the world. think of a predicament and we have a solution.







our services what we offer

offer value added services and information to expatriates worldwide.
let you become part of the global nri community.
help you get international shipping quotes.
offer insurance services for visitors to the united states.
provide a platform for you to re-unite with old friends and make new ones.






indian parenting
nri online provides you with the information for growing up your child in an indian way.
learn more



babynames
comprehensive list of indian baby names displayed in a simple and easy to navigate format
learn more



travel insurance
overseas mediclaim insurance for seniors, schengen countries, pre-existing conditions..
learn more



indian paintings
this section has resourceful information on traditional and ancient indian art, arts, folk art, traditional...
learn more



overseas students
overseas indian student network (ois-net) is a comprehensive network that could enable you to get in touch with the students in different academies.
learn more



america visitors
this section of our website is dedicated to the success of your new venture which offers you a wealth of information for people who come to america for the first time.
learn more



health tools
health tool for travelers visiting abroad, use health tool features to know health condition.
learn more



holiday packages 
incredible india, as the tourism slogan says, is truly an amazing country for any tourist. be it history, culture, wildlife, adventure, natural scenery..
learn more



indian languages
indian languages, history of indian languages - hindi, marathi, kannada, tamil, telugu, assamese, malayalam, punjabi, guarati, konkani...
learn more












india's position in the world




this section highlights india's relative ranking on different social and economic indicators. the comparison is made to countries in india's geographic neighbourhood, with other developing countries as well as with developed countries.

social indicator ranking 
social development performance 
geography of india
basic data on population in india 
india's 100 biggest cities 

learn more





indian diaspora




if we look at the world culture, one thing we can notice is the indian diaspora that constitutes an important and unique force in some reverences. the incorporation of the british empire in india can be linked to the existence of modern indian diaspora all over the world. 

history of indian diaspora
indian american community in usa 
australia indians
diaspora population
statistics of indians aboard 

learn more














nriol.com, the premier online community since 1997 for the indian immigrant community provides a range of resourceful services for immigrants and visitors in america.


useful links

home
contact us
disclaimer
blogs
forum
sitemap



insurance

travel insurance
senior insurance
schengen insurance
pre-existing insurance
student insurance
health insurance



contact
nri online pvt. ltd.
phone: 080 - 4110 1026
email: send an email



















estd. 1997 © copyright nri online pvt. ltd. all rights reserved worldwide.























