

dr. margaret paul | inner bonding | how to love yourself  






























 







 















 








 
 
 
 


homestart herefreefree assessmentfree 7 day coursefree & member articlesrelationshipsself improvement: personal growthspirituality: spiritual growthparentingaddictionworkplaceforeign languagesall articlesfree helprelationshipspersonal developmentparentingspiritual connectionaddictionvideosaboutwhat is inner bonding?who benefits?6 stepsfounderssuccess storiesoutbound linkspress roomaffiliate informationtestimonialsprivacy policyterms of servicecoursesthe inner bonding 8-week courselove yourself: a 30-day at-home ib experiencethe ultimate collection: complete self-lovethe power to heal yourselfwildly deeply joyously in loveunlocking your inner wisdomattracting your beloved: a 30-day at-home coursepassionate purpose, vibrant health! a 30-day at home experiencethe inner bonding weekend workshopintimate relationship toolboxpermanent weight lossinner bonding masterclassstorebooksselfquestcoursesthe inner bonding 8-week courselove yourself, 30-day inner bonding coursethe ultimate collection: complete self-lovethe power to heal yourselfwildly deeply joyously in loveunlocking your inner wisdomattracting your beloved: a 30-day at-home coursepassionate purpose, vibrant health! a 30-day at home experiencethe inner bonding weekend workshopintimate relationship toolboxpermanent weight lossestoreebooksinterviewswebinarslectures and workshopsinterview packageslecturesdvdscdsgifts 'n thingsview carteventsworkshopsintensivessupport groupswebinarsib foundation courseinner bonding masterclassfacilitatorswhat is a facilitator?phone and online sessions with dr. margaret paulfind a facilitatorfacilitator trainingselfquest®membershipcontact uspodcasts 
 

 



discover the one underlyingcause of all your problemsand the secret to healing them!
learn how




as many of you know, our beloved assistant, valerie, lost everything in the palisades fire. if you want to support her on gofundme, please go to: 

https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-valerie-rebuild-after-palisades-fire

		 

searching for answers works only if you find them...

you've tried it all - the endless research, reading and doing the popular "self-help" programs,
		and perhaps even months or years of conventional therapy.
		after everything you've done to "feel good about yourself," you're still asking the same questions:

 why do i still experience feelings of unworthiness and inadequacy?
 why do i still suffer from anxiety or depression?
 why do my relationships with my spouse, partner, family, friends and colleagues continue to struggle and fail?

 why do i turn to alchohol, drugs, food, sex and other addictions to help manage my painful feelings?
 why do i still believe money, fame or approval of others is what i need to feel safe and worthy?
 why do i still feel alone, abandoned and filled with shame, guilt or self-loathing?


	 


		inner bonding is a proven six-step self-healing process.
		it's comprehensive. it's practical.

and it always works when you do it.

start for free



			here are a few ways in which inner bonding will help you heal and transform:


				you'll have a step-by-step system to use throughout the day that rapidly moves you out of any anxiety, depression, shame, or anger to feeling centered, peaceful, and joyful. 

				 

				you'll remain calm and know exactly what to do or say in any situation that that feels out of your control - regardless of how the other person is behaving. you'll be fully free to express your true self and less susceptible to criticism from others.

				 

				you'll have a powerful method for manifesting what you want in life - financial success, a loving relationship, a good sexual relationship, and deep fulfillment.  

				 

				you'll have a powerful healing process that enables you to both understand and heal the cause of addictive behavior, so that you do not turn to addictions to avoid pain or fill emptiness. 

				 

				you almost always feel safe, worthy, alive, joyful, passionate about life and inwardly peaceful. you no longer take life so seriously.

				 

				you’ll have access to an abundant source of inner wisdom, which will be your guidance and north star when times get challenging, so you never have to feel alone.

				 

				you will start to value your body, health, and wellbeing and actually enjoy healthier foods and exercise, and be able to say “no” more easily to addictive junk foods.






dr. margaret paul explains the six steps of inner bonding

 



listen to how inner bonding helped alanis morrissette

 



	 

	begin your inner bonding right now

	people learn in different ways. some like to read, others like to listen or watch, while others like to do and experience.
	some can learn on their own while others need in-person help. look over what we offer and decide how you want to start learning inner bonding.
	immersing yourself in the process is the best way to learn, so some of you might want to do a number of these at the same time.

don't forget to sign up for our free inner bonding journal to stay connected while you wander through your journey.

here are two easy, free ways to start:

 

 

	 

	check out the latest offerings from inner bonding



 





join dr. margaret paul for her next virtual 5-day intensive march 19-23. for information about intensive, click here. for information about this intensive and to register, click here.

join dr. margaret paul for her virtual recorded inner bonding workshop: "loving yourself to abundance, freedom, and vibrant love: the powerful 8-module inner bonding process for healing your aloneness." 

join dr. margaret paul for her inner bonding masterclass. twice a month in this masterclass, dr. margaret is live, bringing you through an inner bonding process, speaking on a topic, and then doing laser sessions with some participants. a powerful learning experience!  

love yourself: a 30-day at-home inner bonding experience with dr. margaret paul - to learn to love yourself, rather than continue to reject and abandon yourself, which is the underlying cause of most anxiety, depression, guilt, shame, addictions and relationship problems. 


wildly, deeply, joyously in love! dr. margaret paul's 30-day video relationship course 

unlocking your inner wisdom learn to connect at-will with your spiritual guidance - 30-day video course with dr. margaret paul

attracting your beloved - a 30-day home-study experience with dr. margaret paul are you ready to find the love of your life? 

passionate purpose, vibrant health - a 30-day home-study experience with dr. margaret paul uncover the blueprint for what you came here to do - for what has heart and meaning for you.


the ultimate collection: complete self-love - the only self-help, self-love program you'll ever need to create a joyful, peaceful, fulfilled life!

free webinar with dr. margaret paul: how to eliminate the anxiety, depression, and addictions that are blocking you from unleashing the power within...without spending years in therapy and on medication.

dr. margaret paul's podcasts. listen to dr. margaret paul discuss inner bonding and other current topics.




			 



	 



		go deeper with inner bonding

		 




courses, products & virtual support

find and use your inner strength to live life to the fullest, reach your full potential, and become all you are meant to be.










inner bonding events

			our best offerings for your best life: intensives, workshops, telephone support groups and webinars.







join our inner bonding village

			whatever led you to this website, we’re here to tell you that you don’t have to do it alone. support to help you on your healing journey is what we offer to members of the inner bonding village. you can connect with others who are also learning, healing and growing, and receive the help you need.

			we are a community of strong, vulnerable, kind, honest people working on creating a healthy life, just like you.







become a facilitator

			we are pleased to announce the next inner bonding facilitator training program (ibftp), a year long experiential, comprehensive training curriculum that provides a balance of professional development with the opportunity for profound personal transformation. participants who complete the program will have gained the confidence and competence to begin working with individual clients, while simultaneously experiencing deeper contact with themselves and their spiritual guidance due to the personal growth orientation of the program.





	 


		free advice and help

		 



relationships



we can't communicate

we hardly ever have sex

we're always fighting: anger and conflict resolution

is this the right person for me?

should i end this relationship?

we're distant and disconnected from each other

takers and caretakers: the codependent relationship

getting love vs. being loving



spiritual connection



your spiritual connection 

your personal source of love and truth

making your best, right decisions

defining your own worth

raising your frequency

manifestation: the law of attraction





personal development



anxiety

depression

self-esteem: healing self-judgment and shame

emotional dependency or emotional freedom

aloneness and emptiness

self-love vs. self-abandonment

loneliness and heartbreak

fear of intimacy: rejection and engulfment

resistance and procrastination

discover your passion and purpose

your health and wellbeing





parenting



becoming a loving parent

teaching children inner bonding

raising personally responsible children

how children develop self-esteem

authoritarian, permissive, or loving parenting 

enmeshed parenting

what do your children really need from you?

raising healthy children



addiction



weight/food addiction/compulsive eating 

healing substance and process addictions

love and approval addiction

sex addiction


 



		inner bonding featured products

		 










 


private phone & skype sessions




shauna  haycock, cfle-p
phone & skype sessions are available with dr. margaret paul and other inner bonding® facilitators.


 
free podcast

			    you can listen to our latest podcast episode here







latest public articles

feb-17: hard work: are you embracing it or avoiding it?feb-10: held in love's gaze: the healing power of being truly seenfeb-03: the inner voice: do you listen to your spiritual guidance?jan-27: do you judge yourself for judging yourself? 



daily inspiration

				don't forget to "tune in" and "tune up" - checking in with your feelings and with your guidance throughout the day!
          by 
dr. margaret paul
			 



inner bonding related news


 this is what actually causes possessiveness in relationships
					new article by dr. margaret paul on mindbodygreen       what i look for to know if a person should leave their marriage, as a counselor
					new article by dr. margaret paul on mindbodygreen          what makes love fade in long-term relationships?
					new article by dr. margaret paul on mindbodygreen  








more about inner bonding

				inner bonding is a proven six-step self-healing process that has been developed and optimized over 30 years by dr. margaret paul, ph.d. and dr. erika chopich, ph.d. it’s comprehensive. it’s practical. and it always works when you do it.

				inner bonding empowers you to self-heal the root causes of anxiety, depression, addictions, failed relationships and many other problems that inhibit your personal and spiritual growth and satisfaction. it teaches you how to love yourself rather than continue to abandon yourself, how to move beyond emotional dependency and attain emotional freedom, and how to heal the underlying control issues stemming from self-abandonment.


			 










home   |   start here   |   about   |   courses   |   store   |   events   |   facilitators   |   membership   |   privacy policy    |   terms of service

design by michelle davies   |   technology by durango computers, inc.

		copyright inner bonding® educational technologies, inc. 1998-2021







