






ironcode gaming






























 

















skip to content
























 ironcode gaming
you love games and so do we!





















games

kaya joshi: magical detective
tower of wishes 2 : vikings
tower of wishes
angkor: celebrations
tower of god
angkor runefall
pahelika series

pahelika: revelations
pahelika secret legends


angkor
turbogems
ironcode’s retro games

lastman standing
riotball




ironlog
about
 










ironcode games 











tower of wishes 2 : vikings
your viking raid party is defeated and forced to flee. while fleeing, the boat sinks. when all seems lost, you are washed ashore to a mysterious island.
what you are not expecting to see is a mysterious tower, rising high into the sky.

 

tower of wishes
tower of wishes is a family friendly, fun match 3. the game also includes mini games such as hidden object, find differences, chain solitaire and sliders for that bit of extra fun!
100 levels of fun match making.solitaire minigame.hidden object, find the differences minigames.

buy tower of wishes


 

angkor: celebrations
angkor: celebrations is a match-3 game with fun mechanics and enjoyable gameplay. enjoy the game the way you want: play timed, move limited, or endless. choose difficulty and play the minigames, or skip them.
101 levels of fun match making.fun mini games included.gameplay options can be changed anytime.
 buy angkor: celebrations

 

tower of god
tower of god is a match-3 game with fun mechanics and enjoyable gameplay. the levels are varied and fun. the game also includes minigames such as hidden object, jigsaw, memory and slider. 
new types of runes and tiles fun mini-games included climb the tower of god!
 buy tower of god

 

angkor 2 runefall
when the catastrophe struck the hidden village of magicians, they turned to the bright, young, mage apprentice for help. uncover the secret behind the catastrophe, save the village, and reach the happy ending! 
 easy to pick up and playuncover the secret behind the catastropheexplore the wildlands of angkor
 buy angkor2 runefall


 

pahelika: revelations
the quintessential puzzle adventure, pahelika: revelations revels in exploration and puzzle-solving, and if you’re not careful, it might even make you believe that all of this is really happening to you.
brew potions, then use them to solve puzzlesinscribe scrolls, cast spellsrepair machine, craft objects to solve problems
buy pahelika revelations


 

pahelika secret legends
pahelika: secret legends is a casual adventure game set in an alternate version of our universe where magic coexists with science. sudesh budakoti, a newbie adventurer, finds a strange chest in his house.    
answer philosophical questionsmix herbs and create chemical potionssolve jigsaw and other puzzles
buy pahelika secret legends


 

angkor
re-live an old legend as you match stones and make your way through ancient ruins. find your way around the devious chain traps.  recover the hidden pieces of the amulet of angkor.  
pleasing gem-matching gameplay explore 9 beautiful locationsend the evil curse on angkor unlock the secrets of the golden age!
buy angkor

 

turbogems
here you are, sitting inside your spaceship, minding your own business, when all of a sudden, without any warning whatsoever, shiny gems start materialising right inside your spaceship! clear them out fast, or your journey is over!
3 gaming modes for 3 types of funeasy to pick up, easy to playdozens of trophies to earn
buy turbogems

 

riotball
wildest breakout game ever. break bricks, bounce coins, collect gems, fight bosses, and make a big score in this fun breakout game. riotball has 120 regular levels, and 50 bonus/boss levels, giving a total of 170 levels in the game!   
rack up a high score!unique and inventive level designfour different art stylesaddictive breakout game
buy riotball


 

lastman standing
the powerful and ruthless war computer skullnet has turned on its creators, humans. skullnet is now threatening to eradicate mankind. as a pilot of the highly advanced tank ajay, your job is to battle and destroy skullnet’s empire!  
drive 6 tanks in 5 different environments61 levels of tank blasting actionfast-paced tank shooterglorious boss battles
buy lastman standing


 




























					© ironcode gaming                                        
















