


matthew schrack :: experiential director













        check out my
        home & event
        decor shop
      




visit shop






say hi!
          feel free to reach out. i’m always happy to discuss a
          new project even if it’s not a perfect fit for my skillset.
don’t be shy.

minnesota ( chaska )


            612 385-5270
          

copy to clipboard

matthew@mschrack.com

copy to clipboard















resume
contact











i've made impactful brand statements come to life for over 18 years.
        every step of my career has built the foundation for the next—from
        design to development, education to experiential. in each company that
        i've joined my position has evolved, creating and filling a role that
        was not predicted. as design evolves and development progresses, the consumer landscape changes—and so do i.
      






      portfolio
      




schrack facts
“

we just installed more digital systems in the desert than is in a normal office. we'll have some issues. it's not a problem, it's a hurdle. we need to figure out a solution and impliment. don't get stressed, be calm. we will figure it out.
— part of my training for first time festival employees

”




portfolio








      x
    




title
description
credit




0 / 0

















          location:
          phone:
          email:
          web:
        

          chaska, mn
          612 385 5270
          matthew@mschrack.com
          mschrack.com
        






i've made impactful brand statements come to life for over 18 years.
          every step of my career has built the foundation for the next—from
          design to development, education to experiential. in each company that
          i've joined my position has evolved, creating and filling a role that
          was not predicted. as design evolves and development progresses, 
          the consumer landscape changes—and so do i.
        






skillset




javascript






adobe ps





html css php






adobe ai





mysql






adobe ae





arduino






sketch





electron.io






sketchup





react native






google docs





aws






keynote



experience


techline networks
minneapolis, mn



consultant
mar 2020 — current

            evaluating client network infrastructure and migration of office locations. providing recommendations for hardware improvements or additions, and bandwidth requirements for virtual offices. re-branding and digital asset updates.
            




revolution marketing
remote



consultant
may 2018 — jan 2020

            establishing project concepts, scope, and logistical requirements for new business pitches of experiential marketing events. creative pitch elements, site design, and technology recommendations. advised execution teams on concept scope and updated recommendations as necessary.
            




gray duck things
chaska, mn



founder,  owner
may 2018 — current

            gray duck things creates customized home and event decor. for many years i've made personalized fabrications by commission. gray duck things was started to bring those capabilities to the public. the focus has been online sales, however, i test all sales options including festivals and shows, charity auctions, and maker shops.
            
founded llc based business will all necessary registrations
explored various advertising methods, analyzing roi
setup internal manufacturing including cnc spindle and laser, along with  more traditional carpentry methods
determined supplier network for cost vs. quality of materials
created all digital and traditional marketing needs
engaged social audiences for awareness and organic sales

            wait...you own a business and you're looking for a job?!
             yes. i've always had a hobby business from the time i was a wee little one. it's just how my mind ticks. fear not, my full–time career comes first.
          



sanborn agency
new york, ny



experiential director
jan 2012 — may 2018

            the experiential division was born out of a project where people from around the world could 'hack' into a physical pop-up shop and control physical elements. upon its completion i was challenged to create the division and see if we could pull in $100k within next year. we did that in q1.
            
typical project budgets from $30k - 120k 
designed and built digital systems for experiential activations
worked both with brands and white labeled under other agencies
serviced a wide range of event types from festivals (coachella, bonnaroo, gov. ball) to sports (super bowl press week) and corporate  (m•a•c cosmetics, paypal)
maintained project scope from milestones to expenses
hired and managed talent and labor
oversaw and participated in the design and development process
engineered wood and metal fabrication in-house and/or utilizing vendors • executed all activations regardless of freezing temps, squirrels eating   through wires or flash floods (the show must go on)




interaction director
apr 2010 — dec 2011

            managed front end flash development team. the team took basic flat designs and brought them to life in flash. i directed and taught what interactive and animated elements to incorporate, along with integrating complex backend api calls.
            
established the “factory,” an as3 framework of all websites
stabilized codebase and established standard procedures 
managed salaried staff and freelancers for workload spikes





serious usa, inc.
new york, ny



creative director
jun 2008 — sep 2009

            created interactive presentations that were distributed on cd and dvd "business cards." produced creative and app development managing a team of 20+ developers, designers and project managers.
            
cultivated clients while assisting with new business efforts
lead creative direction and content architecture for each execution
coordinated manufacturing logistics in the us, thailand, china, and taiwan
maintained quality during staffing layoffs and company closure




technical director
oct 2006 — jun 2008

            re-established a role that was left vacant for 9 months. in week 1, concerned staff realized i agreed with their direction to progress into more relevant development environments. of the original 5 developers, 3 remained with the company until late stage layoffs.
            
migrated codebase from director (lingo) to flash (as2-as3)
established a wireframe application utilized as the starting point for every app
established standards that enabled developers to work on the same app
increased speed to market, apps were commonly built in 1-2 weeks
standardized apis and established tracking methods





agent 16
new york, ny



interactive art director
mar 2006 — sep 2006

            established annual creative direction and quarterly updates of the r.j. reynolds lifestyle websites for salem, american spirits, and winston tobacco brands.
            
determine appropriate lifestyle and cultural content
managed a mixed team of designers and illustrators
presented creative to each brand group for approvals
built layout flats into working flash (as2) pre-builds
directed photo and video shoots for content creation




interactive designer
sep 2005 — mar 2006

            designed updates for the salem tobacco website per art director.
            
designed flat mockups of content updates
built website front end; html, css, flash (as2)



abreviated experience




art director at g4 connect
apr — sep 2005
interactive dev & design at linnihan foy
jan 2003 — mar 2005
interactive dev & design at i|conic i.d.
sep 2001 — may 2002


education
interests





bachelor of fine arts
graduation 2001
              computer art
            




              dodgeball
              woodworking
              cooking
              home improvement
              sporting events
              coding
              gaming (fps)
              circuit builds
              traveling
            



          see portfolio
        










00:00
pacific


00:00
mountain


00:00
central


00:00
eastern




612 385-5270
matthew@mschrack.com





 ©2019 matthew schrack • i made this for me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯







