









daniel brown's






































daniel@danielbrowns.com

                            phone uk 020 7490 1608

                        




                            artist, designer, programmer. not necessarily in that order. 
                            see below for more information ( scroll down )

                        













                        “ daniel brown's work changes the way we look at and engage with digital imagery.
                        it is technically innovative and emotionally engaging, but also gives us an extraordinary amount of freedom in the way we experience it ”
                        jonathan ive.

                    












                    projects completed for :
                    
                    the loud beings company, yoko ono,
                    the londoner hotel, apple, open data institute / digital catapult, lexus ( for kin+carta ), william gibson / orion, disegno, denver art museum, four seasons hotels, d'arcy thompson museum, selfridges & co, lady gaga ( for nick knight ), le printemps paris ( nk ), mulberry, royal society for the arts ( rsa ), lovebytes,
                    victoria & albert museum ( v&a ), nesta, conran architects / w hotels, park hotels, kin+carta / amaze, design4science / wellcome foundation, nick knight / showstudio, bbc,
                    sony / playstation, visionaire, onedotzero, warp records, saatchi and saatchi, ideo / vodafone, mtv, pop magazine, dazed and confused,
                    hello kitty / sanrio, private commission.
                    









> brown & son facebook page
> random images on instagram
> high-resolution images of projects on flickr
> i am on linkedin
> and also twitter









                artist, designer, programmer*
                *not necessarily in that order
                

                (1) daniel brown is a creative-technologist, working in the fields of generative and interactive design and art. with a background in programming and user experience design, daniel combines this with traditional aesthetics-focused creative direction, creating apps, websites & installations for luxury brands and public and private artworks. 
                

                (2) since 1999, daniel has been chosen by internet business magazine as one of the top 10 web designers; was one of creative review's 'stars of the new millennium'; and more recently featured in the barbican’s touring digital revolutions exhibition (2014) and the new york cooper hewitt design triennial (2016). his work for nick knight can be seen on apple's 'thirty years of mac' documentary / commercials.
                

                (3) he has been acknowledged as a pioneer in the new media field - his experimental works are now archived in the san francisco museum of modern art, denver art museum and london's victoria and albert museum. he was chosen as london design museum's designer of the year in 2004 and since then selected for the observer's '80 people who will define the next 10 years', design week's hottest 50 designers and invited to buckingham palace to honour the contribution of design to the british economy and culture. he is featured in debrett’s people of today and an honorary member of the international academy of digital arts and sciences (iadas).
                

                (4) in a public role daniel is a regular speaker, including giving a series of lectures at the royal society for the arts on topics including: the use of design skills to empower the disabled; the role of mathematics & programming in design, art & education and generative design, fashion and branding. in 2008 daniel joined with his father - the artist paul brown - and established brown & son to promote their work in the crossover between art, science & technology since 1968. 
                

                (5) currently, daniel is head of interaction at showstudio and works on independent commissions and niche projects though his own company.
                


daniel@danielbrowns.com
                phone uk 020 7490 1608
                phone intl +44 20 7490 1608
                


                photographs: special thanks to marius watz, tom bland, chris potts, ugutz falzes, matt flynn, dawn danby.
                






                    neuromancer 
                    box set

                    > 2024
                    
                


                    hardback cover and box.

                    continuing my collaboration with william gibson, creation of box set artwork.

                    this limited-edition box set is now sold out!
                
                













                
                    yoko ono wish tree

                    > 2024
                    
                


                    interactive virtual wish tree.

                    a collaboration with the loud beings company for sean lennon to celebrate yoko ono's 90th birthday. users can attach a message / wish to this virtual online tree. interactive realtime 3d programming by me. 
                
                    

                    this project won a webby award.

                













         
             metamorphosis / the kimono butterfly

             > 2024
             
         


             generative videowall.

             never-repeating patterns adorn a slow-motion animation of a lifelike butterfly. the endless patterns incorporate textures generated by artificial intelligence.

             

             the videowall is large enough to allow visitors to the hotel to photograph themselves 'wearing' the wings.
         
         













                    john lennon:
                    citizen of nutopia

                    > 2024
                    
                


                    interactive community visualization.

                    a collaboration with the loud beings company for the posthumous release of the album mind games by john lennon. interactive visualization of a global community as part of the web site. 

                    

                    as a fellow liverpudlian, it was a genuine honour to work on this project by one of my favourite artists / musicians.
                
                
















                    neonouveau

                    > 2024
                    
                


                    generative videowall.

                    art nouveau wallpaper and electricity - inspired animated flowers grow up the wall inside the elevators at the hilton taipei.
                
                












        
                resonance hotel

                > 2021 - 22
                
            


                interactive flatscreen installation.

                

                butterflies appear as guests walk past a large flatscreen situated in the lobby of this luxury hotel.

            















        
                memories: amy winehouse

                > 2021
                                
            


                real-time 3d memorial experience.

                

                a collaboration with the loud beings company for universal music. users can submit a message and attach a star to this growing 3d sculpture of amy.

            











            
                    hayden's place ii
    
                    > 2021 - 22
    
                

    
                    large format projection.
    
                    
    
                    private commission for art collector based in notting hill, west london. ever growing flowers are projected on the side of a three-storey high wall.
    
                    

                    " meanwhile, digital artist daniel brown's 'software as furniture' uses projectors and plasma screens to investigate the use of pc technology as wallpaper. his flowers series 'on growth and form' - regenerative floral imagery merging maths and design - will set the benchmark for how the walls of our homes could be forever changing as technology allows all surfaces to have a visual function. "
                    

    
                    tom greatrex, the independent, '50 great ideas for the 21st century'














                    shapes & remakes

                    > 2021 -
                
                

                    digital renders

                    

                    a personal project, i decided to recreate some of my father's lost physical sculptures from the 1970s.
                











                
                    the londoner

                    > 2021
                    
                


                    large format print

                    flowers commission for the newly opened super-luxury londoner hotel on the prestigeous leicester square. the building is remarkable - featuring nearly as many floors underground as above ground.
                
                












                
                    intelligent artefacts / travelling by numbers

                    > 2018
                    
                


                    artificial intelligence art

                    a personal study using artificial intelligence (generative adversarial networks) to generate abstract science fiction landscapes, objects and bodies.

                

                    generative, ai, gan, machine learning
                



















                    
                    lexus europe

                    > 2017 -

                


                    realtime 3d experience.

                    

                    as part of my consultancy with kin + carta, we were tasked with creating a number of interactive 3d experiences and games for lexus europe.

                    

                    images: real-time car simulation running in the web browser and interactive 3d origami game.

                




















                    open data institute / digital catapult

                    > 2017

                


                    permanent video wall

                    

                    commissioned by hannah redler for the exhibition 'hybrid landscapes' at the digital catapult centre in london, this piece mixes a delicate floral aesthetic with an unashamedly harsh, glitch, look hinting at its digital, artificial nature. 

                    

                    this work can actually be seen from the piazza of the british library, running on a large videowall on the top floors of the office block adjacent on euston road.

                

                    generative, flower, real-time
                

















                
                    neuromancer / the sprawl

                    > 2016

                


                    book cover artworks

                    

                    i have long been an admirer of the cyberpunk author william gibson and his books have been a major influence.  when he contacted me to ask if i would be interested in creating cover artworks for the republication of his classic early work i was utterly astonished.

                    

                    working with william was a pleasure - i was especially taken aback when he told me that my images of the sprawl were the closest he'd seen to his original vision.

                    

                    book graphic design / typography by sinem erkas

                    

                    on amazon:
neuromancer,
                    mona lisa overdrive,
                    count zero,
                    burning chrome


                    generative, fractal, print, architecture
                


















                    brown & son

                    the art that makes itself

                


                    beginning in 2015 at watermans gallery in london, brown & son are touring our show 'the art that makes itself' at selected venues.
                
                












                    travelling by numbers
                    > 2014 - ongoing

                


                    inspired by the commission for the four seasons dubai, personal research into the parallels between arab architecture and mathematical geometry.

                    

                    a virtual world created using advanced mathematics and computing, images are presented as 'postcards' of an imaginary universe and its culture.

                    
“brown makes his images using generative design software he wrote himself. it creates enormous, complex 3-d patterns that he searches until finding something interesting. the process makes him equal parts magician, explorer, and artist.”


                    jenna garrett, wired

                

                    generative, fractal, print
                






















                    amaze visual identity> 2015 - 16
                


                    working with the team at amaze, i helped build their vision of a truly living, ever-changing company brand fed by data from sensors in their offices and online feeds.

                    

                    the concept is extended throughout their corporate identity - for example no two business cards are the same - even for the same person.

                    

                    computer arts magazine listed the identity second in their 'biggest logo designs of 2015'.

                

                    data visualisation, webgl, social, branding
                











                    arabesque 
                    
                    four seasons hotel, dubai

                    > 2014

                


                    creation of a unique flower species based on arabic geometric principles, and set of large prints for hotel interior.

                    

                    the images can be seen in the upper corridors.

                    

                    jumeirah beach road, dubai

                    
" in a similar vein, daniel brown's work is visually powerful and evocative. the generative framework is felt in the recursive fractal symmetries and the architectonic complexity of the image, but it is the sheer power of the art that captivates the viewer not necessarily its mode of production. with brown's work, the familiar and foreign are also constantly oscillating in the mind of the viewer. while the 'how' will eventually arise, it's only after the viewer has been drawn deeply into the artist's aesthetic. "

                    grant taylor

                











                secret garden> various 2008 - 2015
            


                originally created in 2008, i recently updated this project using the latest 3d technology, allowing the piece to truly come alive for denver art museum.

                

                flowers come to life and bloom as people move in front of the camera.

            

            camera, interactive, flowers, mirror, installation
            













                    
                    on growth and form series

                    

                    > 1999 - ongoing

                


                    drawing on the 19th century tradition of cultivating and collecting personal and unique species of flowering plants, and with a nod to the futuristic notion of genetic engineering and artificial life, my custom flowers are available by commission.
                    
                    my flowers are kept in the collections of museums, galleries, luxury brands and private customers worldwide.

                


                    'on growth and form' is titled in homage to the book of the same name written by d'arcy thompson in 1917. in it, the scientist uses
                    mathematics to investigate the shape of plants and animals and the relationships between different species.

                


                    "the harmony of the world is made manifest in form and number and the heart and soul and all the poetry of natural philosophy are embodied in the concept of mathematical beauty. "

                    

                    sir d'arcy wentworth thompson.

                



















                        
                    lane crawford> for nick knight 2013

                


                

                html5 interactive game for mobile, tablet and pc

                as part of nick knight's animated 3d advertising campaign for chinese department store lane crawford, we created an interactive game on showstudio allowing
                users to create their own version of the adverts.

                

                html5, tablet, mobile, pc, web
                











                    amaze one> 2012

                
              

                    prototype social media data visualiser

                    as part of the amaze one project, prototype designs for interactive data visualisation tools for social monitoring.

                

                html5, pc, web, social media
                











                    d'arcy thompson zoology museum> 2013
                


                    commissioned by the university of dundee museum services for the d'arcy thompson zoology museum with grant funding from the art fund, flowers that use shapes and textures taken from and inspired by exhibits in the museum.
                    
                    

                    this is the first project to use my new real-time 3d (opengl/directx) flowers engine, code named darwin.

                

                realtime gpu 3d, generative
                











                    le printemps department store> for nick knight 2012
                

                    
                    for paris couture fashion week, nick knight was asked to design the shop window displays for the famous paris store.

                    

                    he asked me to
                    design six camera-input videowall interactives that allowed passersby to photo-montage images (submitted by members of the public on showstudio.com)
                    simply by moving their body.

                    

                    photography: copyright francis peyrat, courtesy of le printemps

                

                led-wall, motion-input, crowd-sourcing, interactive, 3d-printing
                












                
                    appliqué> for selfridges & co, 2012

                


                    multiscreen artwork commissioned by ross phillips for selfridges department store, london.

                    mathematically generated, never repeating fractal textile fabric adorns invisible shapes and spaces.

                    
" inspired by the heritage of the embroidery technique of appliqué, brown’s work dynamically creates a mathematical geometric patchwork of textiles that are applied to billowing virtual fabric. "


                real-time, opengl, fractal, generative, videowall
                














                    lady gaga, monster's ball> for nick knight 2011

                


                
                originally programmed in opengl / obj-c, the 3d scan based interactive particle system was to be used as the main menu for an ipad project.
                
                
" i think now there's definitely a new medium, and it's not just coming from photographers, it's coming from musicians, it's coming from film-makers, from animators, people like danny brown who are writing programs "


                nick knight

                

                particle system, 3d, opengl, ipad
                











            
                mulberry: love blossoms> 2011

            


            
            for valentines 2011, mulberry commissioned a selection of virtual generative flowers based on the fabric prints of the current fashion season, that users could send to their loved ones. each flower sent was unique, and could be uploaded to facebook and announced on twitter.
            
            

            web, social media, facebook / twitter, generative, interactive, fashion
            














                    decode: victoria & albert museum> 2009 - 10
                


                
                for the entrance-way to their first show of digital art, decode, the v&a commissioned a three-story high generative flower work that was displayed in the main atrium. the flowers utilised textures generated by applying geometric rules to images from the v&a collection.

                

                realtime 3d, projection, generative
                














                    showstudio: naomi campbell: statuesque> 2009

                


                

                as part of the showstudio: fashion revolution exhibition at somerset house, nick knight designed a 22 foot high statue, constructed using a 3-d digital scan of naomi campbell.

                

                nick then asked me to write software to allow visitors to both the exhibition and the showstudio website to be able to draw in real-time directly onto the statue using projection-mapped light.

                

                this piece is featured in apple's '30 years of mac' advertising campaign / documentary.

                

                projection-mapping, 3d-printing, installation, web, telepresence, fashion, crowd-sourcing
                














                    tropic of sunderland > 2007
                


                large format projection.

                

                
                a twist on my usual flowers work, this piece creates a never-repeating generative coral-like underwater world on the side of the sunderland aquatic centre.
                

                projection, installation, generative
                












                    showstudio: dress me up

                

                > 2005 / 2009

            


            website and shown as installation at fashion revolution, somerset house, uk, 2009.

            

            a photoshoot filmed in 360 degrees, for showstudio i produced an interactive experience allowing the user to apply and remove clothing in 3d simply by 'painting' them on and off.         

            

            fashion, interactive, web, installation
            















                    showstudio: synaesthesia > 2009

                


                website and shown as installation at the death of taste festival, holland, and fashion revolution, somerset house, uk.

                
                

                a collaboration between nick knight (photography), nick ryan (audio), and myself (interactive/programming), this project is an interactive work aimed at investigating the phenomenon
                of synaesthesia - a condition where two or more senses become mixed. originally an online experience, it has also been show in installation format at several galleries / exhibition spaces.

                

                interactive, web, installation, audio, fashion
                











                
                    park hotel, delhi> 2004

                


                    large format projection

                    

                commissioned by conran and partners architects.

                

                
                a never-repeating generative waterfall forms around customers on the far wall of the aqua-themed lobby cafe.
                
                

                installation, generative, reactive, projection
                











                    w hotels / ing, copthall ave
                    

                    > 2006

                


                    video wall installation

                    

                commissioned by conran and partners architects.

                

                
                generative patterns produced on a multi-screen asymmetrical video wall.
                
                

                installation, videowall, generative
                











                    software as furniturebritish council> 2005

                


                    projection mapped installation.

                

                
                inspired by the idea of painting an entire living-space white and then projecting the colour, texture and designs back on - and with a nod to the future of screens, projectors and
                digital wallpaper, the installation features a projection-mapped table and bed with gently animated customisable surfaces. 

                

                projection-mapping, installation, generative
                














                    ten years of dazed&confused


                


                    creative software for nick knight

                    

                in order to rapidly-produce a 32 page fashion shoot, i created custom software allowing nick to photomontage 10 years of dazed&confused imagery in real-time.
                
                we then posted the software on showstudio allowing the public to create their own mixes.
                
                

                image copyright nick knight
                











                
                    vodafone / ideo cube> 2003

                


                for vodafone's lisbon headquarters ideo constructed this large led video - cube. i was commissioned to create a simple video game that could be played by passers-by using their own
                mobile phone keypad as a joystick.

                

                led-wall, gaming, mobile, interactive, telepresence, installation
                















                    bloom> 2007



                
                a flowers construction kit.
                
                
                commissioned by magneticnorth for the bbc climate change website, the tool allowed their designers to quickly create unique generative flowers representing
                environmental factors to be offered
                as a reward to users who agreed to undertake environmental activities.

                

                awarded several webby, bima and fwa awards.
                
                

                information visualisation, generative, interactive, web
                











                    
                        private residence

                    

                    > 2005

                


                    three-story large-format projection.

                    

                    
                    generative flowers creep up the three story living space of this private residence originally designed by anish kapoor.
                














                
                    ica / onedotzero generative-x> 2005 

                


                curation of exhibition of cutting edge digital art for onedotzero, shown at the ica. artists included: james tindall, casey reas, ben fry, marius watz, golan levin, paul brown, james paterson, ed burton, zachary lieberman, daniel brown.

                














                    play-create.com > 2001 - ongoing

                


                online interactive public work.

                

                play - create is a site where i post projects and work-in-progress that can be played and interacted with by the public.
                
visit www.play-create.com




                "daniel brown has been at the forefront of the multimedia scene seemingly since time immemorial. his commercial work at nick knight's ongoing fashion experiment showstudio.com and his new space, play-create.com abound with intelligent use of technology and neatly demonstrate his concern for creating immersive, genuinely intriguing and entertaining experiences (still too often a rarity in new media design)"
                
                idanda magazine

                













                    3d-mixer
                    > 1997



            interactive audio mixer

            

            
            one of my first commercial projects, the 3d mixer allows the user to apply sounds to icons in 3d space. we produced several versions
            at amaze, including three award-winning mixes for mtv's first european site.

            











                    audio aestivation > 2006

                


                    data visualisation

                    

                these patterns are created by displaying audio frequency spectrum data in polar co-ordinates. tracks, clockwise from top left: aphex twin, boards of canada, radiohead, boards of canada.

                

                data visualisation
                











                    the third place - sony playstation> 2001



                

                configurable interactive music visualiser created for launch of playstation ii. also used for live events at the time.

                

                interactive, projection, web app
                











                    noodlebox> 1997 / 98
                

                
                originally created in 1997, noodlebox was an experimental web site that broke the mould of typical web experiences of the day. it went on to win many accolades, and is archived in the san francisco museum of modern art (sfmoma)               

                

                featured in the forbes magazine article, "ten websites that changed the world"


                

                interactive, web site
                















                    creative futures / stars of the new millennium
                    > 1999
                

                
                    "daniel's work was the first i'd seen created with a convincing "liquid dimension" within the browser. most designers grasp how to design digital interfaces within 'x' and 'y' coordinates - danny figured out that the 'z'
                    dimension was a beautiful space waiting to be filled."

                    

                brett wickens

                

                interactive, installation
                











                    victoria & albert museum  > 150th anniversary

                


                    birthday card design

                    

                for the v&a's 150th celebration, the museum commissioned 150 birthday cards by leading designers. and me.
                
                a break from my usual generative digital work, i chose to give my origami / card folding skills a dust-off.

                












                
                    public engagements

                

                > 1998 - ongoing

                


                over the years i'm honoured to have been involved in many public events, conferences and festivals.

                photographs include: london design museum's designer of the year award, meeting the queen (photo shows my friend simon waterfall and his wonderful jacket - they didn't photograph me!),
                a visit to downing street,
                speaking at onedotzero, nick roope at the private view of brown & son's art that makes itself, workshops at the royal society, web wizards, meeting stephen hawking.

                



























                        "design is an area where, if you look at the scale of international competitiveness, we're right at the top in every sector. with someone like danny [brown], he is internationally acclaimed. even if people don't know his name, his pioneering work influences the images they see on their computer screens every day."

                        
        
                        alice rawsthorn, london design museum

















