

mec resources resource for all people maurice campbell






























 


  










 
community resources 
 
                  education resources 
 
                  entertainment resources 
 
                  foundations resources 
 
                  health resources 



environmental resources

 
                  high tech resources 
 
                  journalists resources 

photographs 
                  of hp shipyard

                  political resources 



publications 
                  resources 
 
                  small business resources 
 
                  world links 
 
                  guest book/comments 
 
                  email 












this 
              site is geared to help you find many resources that you need in 
              one place. the site has something for the whole 
              family whether rich or poor, 
              young or old, the site is color blind and in many cases bilingual 
              .
the 
              mecresources site is to include you the 
              community , in the vast resources
of information that is available to you, and your family 
              through the web. after all if information 
              leads to knowledge, and knowledge leads to power then 
              we need to strengthen our village.
the 
              site is ever evolving, your patience, understanding, and 
              most important, your suggestions of how 
              to improve this site and add links are much appreciated.

this 
              is a golden opportunity to serve our communities, by placing resources 
              in their hands now before the digital 
              divide and the economic divide grows any larger. corporate 
              america still believes education is a purchasable commodity, reflected 
              by the h1b program. we have the opportunity to showcase our 
              own low income, immigrant, under served communities they need access 
              to resources! they need a resource center, lets all pitch in 
              and help. please 
              look at the community resource page, & education resources, 
              also high tech resources, how many of those resources are currently 
              needed in the underserved target areas? many 
              poor and low income people of these communities health is affected 
              by the toxic polluters such as a power plant, sewage treatment plant 
              in some cases a closed navy base such as hunters point california 
              ship yard in san francisco where the community was left exposed 
              to contamination, polluted, radiological, and toxic exposure, leaving 
              a community sick with environmental illness, a violation of that 
              community's civil rights bvhp bayview hunters point, and true environmental 
              racism. they even had a toxic radiological fire that burned for 
              months. further that community is now facing gentrification from 
              a developer, supporting a possible dirty transfer. we believe that 
              there should be a full cleanup before construction of any new housing 
              begins. the community is entitled to a holistic environment to live 
              in. the environmental resources page focuses on those violations 
              in the hunters point community, and links to resources. such as 
              regulators links to websites like the epa, dtsc, hrc, dph, activist, 
              and community environmental non profits, plus the artist who are 
              located in the hunters point shipyard. environmentalist & activist 
              we need your support in this fight for environmental justice, and 
              civil rights for all of our communities. they need our help. mec 
              resource is a tool in that fight. community first coalition, cfc, 
              is a vehicle in that fight against environmental discrimination, 
              where i am the convener. we have currently developed two other sites 
              in this fight for environmental justice, and against environmental 
              racism, electmarie, and the ujamaa sites, please visit them. we 
              are also engaging journalist, university journalism department, 
              news media, in this battle for environmental justice. please read 
              and follow the news from bayview, and hunters point california.
again 
              this site is still evolving your patience understanding and most 
              important your input of how to improve 
              this site will be much appreciated.  
remember 
              our goal is a computer in every home and the whole family being 
              able to use it, this site is a tool in that battle
 
thank 
              you for visiting 
maurice campbell
            






  



 







world 
        lingo translator software  




 community 
  resources | education 
  resources | entertainment | environmental 
  resources | foundations resources
 health resources | high 
  tech resources | journalists resources | political 
  resources | publications resources
  small business resources | shipyard photos 
  | guestbook | email 
  | home page | mec talk/intro 
  | report bad link
 


 © 2006 
    mec's resources is a copyrighted site
web design by 
    campbell & killinger
    to contact, use email link 


 
 



867902 





