





the shooter's club indoor shooting range – indoor shooting range, firearms training and retail sales



















 






skip to content





 



menu


						menu					







 


menu


						menu					











home of the new orleans metro areas finest indoor pistol range.
training course updates

our all new louisiana constitutional carry / permitless carry training course is now live!
understanding the laws surrounding constitutional carry in louisiana is not just important—it’s absolutely essential. that’s why we’re thrilled to introduce our groundbreaking louisiana constitutional carry/permitless carry training course. in this program, we prioritize delving deep into the legal landscape, ensuring our students grasp every nuance of their rights and responsibilities. from the latest legislative updates to knowing precisely where and when you can carry, we leave no stone unturned. don’t risk being caught unaware—join us and empower yourself with the knowledge you need to navigate louisiana’s constitutional carry laws confidently.
upon completion of this course, should you choose to pursue a permit, rest assured that the investment of both your time and money in this training will be seamlessly transferred towards your permit course. your commitment to education with us ensures a smooth transition towards obtaining your permit, maximizing the value of your learning experience.
if you’d like to book this course, please click the button below, the “constitutional carry” banner or you can simply click here to navigate to the booking system to view available classes and course times!
















welcome to the shooter’s club
at the shooters club, we specialize in all of your shooting and firearms needs. we have two facilities that can help you: whether it’s trying out a new firearm as a hobby or for self defense; taking classes for concealed carry; or just target shooting for fun, we can assist you.
the shooters club has been the premier firearms shooting range in the area for over a decade. our facilities are staffed by current and former military and law enforcement officers and also by fellow civilian gun enthusiasts. we cater to the tactical and the hunter’s market.
if there’s something you’re looking for, we can help you find it. feel free to email or call us for any more information or with any questions you may have by clicking the “contact us” link in the menu above.
visiting us soon? save time! register and complete this short training and waiver now!!!
are you coming in to shoot/practice with us? watch and review this short video and sign our waiver prior to your arrival! this video/waiver must be viewed prior to using our facility and will be required upon your arrival if it has not already been completed.
*please note: if you are arriving with a firearm, it must be unloaded, holstered or boxed, and safe. violators will be asked to promptly leave the facility. also, our range is for pistol caliber ammunition/weapons only! we do not offer lanes for non-pistol caliber rifles or shotguns. these weapons are not allowed in the facility.

looking to purchase items online? visit our online store at jefferson gun outlet online store or click on the “online store” link in the top menu.
looking to purchase guns or accessories locally?visit our other location, jefferson gun outlet at 6719 airline dr. metairie, la 70003 – (504) 733-7695 or goto http://www.jeffersongun.com.
looking to shoot at our sister shooting range where you can also rent packages to shoot fully automatic machine guns?visit http://www.jeffersonindoor.com for updates and details!









meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 

					theme by siteorigin.				






home
sign our waiver
firing range
classes
online store
gallery
contact us
links
 

 
 
 




