















midland, mi - official website | official website









 















skip to main content




















service updates


	2025 city construction projects
	read on...















 















connect with us:
 






  
 










   





 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      residents      business  


 

 

 

 



 





 
 
 

































 















employment








maps








pay a bill










 
 















property & taxes








refuse/recycling








report a concern










 
 
 



 















recent city news:
scroll to read recent news releases, project updates, and community information.
 






  
 














city offices, library closed for in-service february 17 


city of midland offices and the grace a. dow memorial library will be closed on monday, february 17 for a staff in-service day.						read on...







city construction projects planned for spring, summer 2025 


the city of midland engineering department is ramping up for another busy construction season in 2025 with a variety of street reconstruction, resurfacing, and water main replacement projects on this year’s list.						read on...







library hosts “what were you wearing” exhibit on sexual assault myths 


the grace a. dow memorial library, in partnership with shelterhouse, hosts the "what were you wearing?" exhibit throughout march.						read on...







mctv honors local media creators at annual honors night celebration 


the midland community television (mctv) network invites residents to attend its annual honors night on thursday, february 27, at the mctv network studio, 1710 w. st. andrews road.						read on...







shamrock sip & strut returns downtown march 14 


grab your sneakers, put on your st. patrick's day gear, and meet in downtown midland for the third annual shamrock sip & strut on friday, march 14, from 7-9 p.m.						read on...







midland parks and recreation offers “the grand experience” at mackinac island’s grand hotel 


midland parks and recreation, in partnership with mparks (michigan recreation and park association) announces the 14th annual all-inclusive travel experience to the historic grand hotel on mackinac island.						read on...







residents reminded of on-street parking rules 


with the holidays approaching, residents are reminded that on-street parking is prohibited from 3 - 6 a.m. on all city streets. read on for more rules.						read on...







e. main st. closed to through traffic from poseyville bridge to state st. 


beginning oct. 23, e. main street, including on-street parking, will be closed to through traffic from just east of the poseyville bridge to state street as work begins on the pedestrian walkway for the poseyville preserve project.						read on...







shake your mailbox before the snow flies 


mailboxes that aren't properly located or secured, or that have rotted wooden posts, are often damaged by the weight and force of plowed snow.						read on...







mpd's mark stefaniak receives city strive award 


det. stefaniak received the above & beyond recognition for his numerous contributions to training, facilities improvements, and crime resolution.						read on...







city unveils new parks & recreation app 


the free app provides at-your-fingertips access to parks and trails info, event schedules, registration and reservation tools, rainout status, and more.						read on...







chris saladine hired as assistant city manager 


the former city of mount pleasant finance director brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in the public and private sector to the leadership team.						read on...







facilities manager tyler abbs receives city strive award 


abbs received the above & beyond city strive award for his work on numerous projects of all sizes, including several large-scale city initiatives.						read on...







keep waterways clear and debris-free this fall 


help keep the city's ditches, creeks, and streams flowing this fall by preventing debris, leaves, and grass clippings from entering the system.						read on...







time to remove decorations from midland cemetery 


families maintaining plots at midland municipal cemetery are reminded that flowers and decorations must be removed by october 1 each year.						read on...







print copies of midland city modern master plan available for purchase 


midlanders can purchase the printed version of the master plan for $10 at the city hall treasurer's office or the circulation desk at the grace a. dow library.						read on...







surbrook receives city strive award for customer service excellence 


resident activity coordinator eileen surbrook was nominated by 50 (yes, 50!) residents at riverside place for her fun, engaging programming.						read on...







stark road, wackerly street intersection now all-way stop 


the change to all-way stop control was made to increase safety at the intersection for all road users and decrease the likelihood of severe crashes.						read on...







notice of sanitary sewer overflow july 24, 2024 


a sewer main break resulted in the discharge of approximately 25,000 gallons of untreated sewage into the storm sewer system.						read on...







reminder of sign placement ordinances 


residents are reminded that signs cannot be placed in the outlawn between the curb and sidewalk, on public trees and signs, and on utilitypoles.						read on...







some disposal fees at landfill increase july 1 


fees for additional yard waste, demolition material, industrial waste, and contaminated soil disposal will increase as of july 1, 2024.						read on...







students selected for 2024 midland-handa sister city exchange 


maisy matthews, viktor pangburn, and sydney roberts will visit handa, japan for a three-week immersive stay in midland's sister city from mid-july to mid-august.						read on...







mdot to host buttles & indian corridor open house may 23 


attendees can view the most recent designs for the corridors, answer questions, and learn about traffic management during construction in 2026.						read on...







eagle ridge nature area receives award from mparks 


the area on e. ashman street received the innovative park resources award for its unique development story and connection to the community.						read on...







heather holzinger hired as city treasurer 


holzinger, who has served as the budget analyst in the city's water and water reclamation departments, brings a wealth of financial knowledge to the role.						read on...







reminders on city tall grass and weeds ordinance 


property owners are reminded that grass and weeds cannot exceed ten (10) inches in height on any property in the city limits, whether vacant or occupied.						read on...







help keep waterways clean and debris-free 


residents are reminded to keep grass clippings, branches, and other debris out of ditches and streams to avoid overland flooding.						read on...







reminder on solicitor's license process for door-to-door sales 


individuals and organizations who plan to solicit by going door-to-door are reminded that they must receive a solicitor's license from the city.						read on...







2023 drinking water quality report now available 


residents can now view the annual report on midland's drinking water quality, which found no violations during the 2023 testing cycle.						read on...







citizens academy graduates 29 new participants 


the participants graduate after a 10-week course that included classroom sessions and behind-the-scenes tours of city and county facilities.						read on...







notice of sanitary sewer overflow - march 14, 2024 


city water reclamation reports a 100-gallon sanitary sewer overflow in the area of currie parkway and mary street that was contained within 2 hours.						read on...







shane bjorge named city engineer 


bjorge, who was hired as the city's assistant city engineer in 2017, was promoted to the role in line with other changes in engineering.						read on...







kain promoted to assistant city manager as city departments realign 


in his new development services role, kain will also oversee the city's enginnering department as it merges with the planning and building departments.						read on...







guyer receives city strive award for customer service excellence 


communications coordinator katie guyer was recognized with the award for her work to inform and engage residents.						read on...







huss, kopplin receive police & firefighter of the year awards 


mpd detective lucas huss and mfd fire truck operator max kopplin received the carl & esther gerstacker awards at a ceremony in october 2023.						read on...







dial-a-ride to receive electric transit van from consumers energy 


the gift of the ford e-transit van and a charging station was awarded through consumers' powermifleet program and will join the fleet in 2024.						read on...







self receives city strive award for stewardship 


construction and traffic supervisor lane self received the recognition for his work on several projects that will reduce costs and improve efficiencies.						read on...







laura stowell promoted to director of fiscal services 


stowell, who began her career at the city in march 2023 as the city controller, brings over 40 years of finance experience and 20+ years in public fiscal services.						read on...







currie parkway bridge reopened to eastbound traffic 


the bridge, which had been closed since october 2021 due to damage from an overweight vehicle, has reopened with a new ramp deterrent.						read on...







online payments now available for city property taxes 


city property owners can now pay non-escrowed outstanding property tax bills by credit card or electronic check. payment fees vary.						read on...







new curbside collection rules take effect july 1 


the changes include new fines for unbagged refuse and mixed refuse and yard waste, fees for excessive heavy item and brush volumes, and more.						read on...







caldwell receives city strive award for safety 


ken caldwell, a 20-year driver for the city's dial-a-ride transportation service, received the safety first award for his incredible driving record and demeanor.						read on...







wray, wilson receive city strive employee awards 


the awards were given for exemplary acts of respect and inclusion (wray) and integrity and professionalism (wilson).						read on...







komara named to replace retiring city attorney 


mpd administratrive lieutenant komara will replaced current city attorney jim branson, who will retire after more than 20 years in december.						read on...







marcie post receives recreation leadership award 


post, the city's assistant director of public services, receives the award for her 20+ years of leadership and contributions to the parks and recreation industry.						read on...







mctv launches new on-demand video service 


the new service provides a more user-friendly experience for watching city government meetings, mps programming, and community media.						read on...







reminder of signage placement ordinances 


temporary signage of any kind cannot be placed in the outlawns or the city right-of-way or it will be removed or disposed of by city staff.						read on...







city promotes john jurek to fire marshal 


jurek brings over 20 years of firefighting and fire safety experience to the role, including over 18 years with the midland fire department.						read on...







mdot sets public open house on preliminary buttles designs 


attendees can hear a formal presentation from mdot and review preliminary street designs and a project timeline for the buttles street redesign.						read on...







landfill disposal, service fees to increase july 1, 2022 


landfill users are reminded that, effective july 1, fees will increase on various waste types and services for the first time on 30 years.						read on...







residents reminded of updates to city fireworks ordinance 


changes to the city's fireworks ordinance outlining acceptable days and times for use were implemented to mirror state laws that were updated in late 2018.						read on...







view more news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 

 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1










mon, feb. 17  

midland city hall / city offices closed 



tue, feb. 18  

zoning board of appeals meeting







wed, feb. 19  

cancelled - center city authority board meeting 



wed, feb. 19  

police & fire pension board meeting







mon, feb. 24  

city council meeting



tue, feb. 25  

planning commission meeting






view more dates




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 








































						1
						the midland city modern cover art with multi-colored flowers and origami swans




						2
						a piggy bank sits against a yellow background with 2024-25 adopted budget typed on it




						3
						concept 5 sewer improvement plan updates




						4
						max loves midland promotion 




						5
						what goes where calendar graphic








  
 
 



 















contact midland:
 




	333 west ellsworth street
 




	midland, mi 48640
 




	phone: 989-837-3300
 




	city hall hours: m-f 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
 






  
 
 

 















site links:
 






  
 















home







sign in







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy







employee portal







title vi









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 





government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









