









gloria barron prize for young heroes














































home
apply
about us
meet the winners

2024 winners
2023 winners
2022 winners
2021 winners
2020 winners
2019 winners
2018 winners
2017 winners
2016 winners
2015 winners
2014 winners
prior years’ winners
where are they now


resources

dream big
media gallery


national partners
blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 










                  our 2025 application cycle is now open!


















congratulations to our 2024 winners!








“i was impressed by the young age of the applicants, their strong perseverance, and creative uses of technology in making a difference in people’s lives.”
–  shawn, selection committee member
  read more…








“the projects that young people undertake become a little bit grander in scale and in connectedness to the world around them each year.”
–  ashley, selection committee member
  read more…











years since inception




number of young people honored



$31.5
million
money raised by winners



50statesrepresentedplus d. c. & canada








the winners
of the 600 young people honored by the barron prize, 260 have been young men and 340 young women. the youngest winner was just 8 years old.








their contribution
our winners have raised more than $31.5 million dollars for their causes – ranging from humanitarian efforts to environmental projects.








their projects
of the young people honored by the barron prize since its inception, 354 have done humanitarian service work, and 246 have done environmental service work.







“we need heroes today more than ever.” – t. a. barron





celebrating 25 years of young heroes
t. a. barron reflects on the barron prize’s 25-year legacy of honoring courageous, compassionate young heroes who light up the world.













charlotte2024 winner
community photobooth
charlotte rosario created the community photobooth to use the power of youth and photography to make a difference. her collective of young photographers has held more than 550 donation-based photoshoots to raise over $40,000 for global causes that are often overlooked.
more 2024 winners









te'lario2023 winner
the garden club project
te’lario watkins created the garden club project to help end hunger in his community and to encourage kids to eat healthier. he has donated more than 300 pounds of produce to food-insecure families and has helped create a garden at a local school.
more 2023 winners









laalitya2022 winner
the nereid project
laalitya invented nereid, a low-cost, globally applicable device that can detect water contamination within seconds.
more 2022 winners









michael2021 winner
michael’s desserts
michael uses his love of baking to help others. for every sweet treat he sells, he donates one to someone in need. he has also distributed thousands of healthy non-perishable snacks to underserved kids through his p.l.l.a.t.e. initiative.
more 2021 winners









isha2020 winner
youth vs apocalypse
isha co-founded youth vs. apocalypse (yva) which works to lift the voices of youth – in particular, youth of color – in the fight for a livable climate and equitable world.
more 2020 winners












winning the barron prize was such an honor. it gave me the confidence i needed to continue growing my program, and it opened the door to countless exciting new opportunities that made it possible for me to share my message with the world!
anna
2022 winner, promote our pollinators (p.o.p.)






a hero is someone who does everything they can to solve a problem. they see an issue that they are passionate about and use their resources or talent to solve that problem. 
michael
2021 winner, michael's desserts






as an artist, winning the barron prize gave me the courage to take my art to the next level. the barron prize taught me that we can all have an impact — even as just a high schooler who likes art!
austin
2022 winner, save our salmon through art






a hero is a person who makes a solemn oath or “sankalpa,” as it’s called in sanskrit, to achieve a task for greater good. a hero is not discouraged by any amount of difficulties and inspires others to act in the process.
madhvi
2020 winner, madhvi4ecoethics










t. a. barron
author t. a. barron founded the gloria barron prize for young heroes in 2001 and named the prize after his mother, a quiet hero in his own life. a long-time advocate of the power of youth, barron writes about fictional young heroes in his novels, but champions inspiring young people in real life. he is the author of more than 30 highly acclaimed books and the winner of the de grummond medallion for “lifetime contribution to the field of children’s and young adult literature,” among other awards.    www.tabarron.com






gloria barron
the barron prize is named after t. a. barron’s mother, gloria barron. an unsung hero, gloria worked for over twenty years to create a unique nature museum at the colorado school for the blind—a museum where everything can be touched. she lived the life of a teacher who cared deeply about her children and her community. gloria instilled in each of her seven children the idea that one individual can make a lasting difference in the lives of others.




 
















followfollowfollowfollow

terms of use | © 2025 young heroes projectpo box 18750 | boulder, co 80308terms and conditions | privacy policydo not sell or share my personal informationlimit the use of my sensitive personal information





about us
the gloria barron prize for young heroes, a program of the nonprofit organization young heroes project, celebrates inspiring, public-spirited young people from diverse backgrounds all across the u.s. and canada. each year, the barron prize honors 25 outstanding young leaders ages 8 to 18 who have made a significant positive difference to people and the environment.





we’d love to hear from you!
media inquiries and other questions:director@barronprize.org
questions about the online application:admin@barronprize.org



featured links

2024 winners
blog

search our site:
 





 















