











- malditasmaquinas


























































 







		vés al contingut	







malditasmaquinas
la teva màquina està maleïda? nosaltres te l'exorcitzem








    menú	
inici
benvingut
problemes?  

maquinari
programari
manteniment
servei a domicili


contacte





























català
español

 





			cerca:		


  
		cerca	

 


inici  
benvingut  
problemes?  
contacte  
 

política de privadesa 
		gràcies al wordpress	





this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




tanca






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

sempre activat




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












desa i accepta






















































































































































































