

 
about switzerland  


information about switzerland
also known as confoederatio helvetica (therefore the abbreviation ch)
 
here you can find a lot of information about switzerland, a small but well known country in the heart of europe. while the author takes every effort to keep this information accurate and up to date, there is no guarantee for
		correctness. all information is subject to change without notice. for comments, suggestions and questions, use our contact form.



 administration
 cantons
 culture
 economy


 education
use this form to search the entire website:

 

 geography


 history
 statistical information
 various
 faq


 


visiting switzerland by car ? if you wish to buy an electronic road toll sticker ("e-vignette"), don't get fooled buy a commercial, overpriced offer and get it from the official federal webshop for the price of chf 40 !
visiting switzerland ? admission policies, visa regulations and much more ...
students: are you writing a report about switzerland and need some basic information ? please read the student's frequently asked questions before you write an email.
if you are looking for particular information, you can either use the keyword index, the search form or our things of interest database.
 
switzerland at a glance:

name: switzerland and confoederatio helvetica (therefore the abbreviation ch) - more ...
location: central europe (gmt+1) - more ...
size: 41285 km² - more ...
climate: general information, diagrams and weather forecast - more ...
capital: bern city - more ...
currency: swiss francs (chf) - more ...  - the euro (eur) is not an official currency but ...
phone: since may 1st 2002, the area code must be dialed even for local calls - more ...
education: from kindergarten to university - more ...
food: cheese, chocolate and much more ...
history: founded in 1291, independent since 1648 - more ...
languages: there are four official languages in switzerland - more ...
swiss national park: information about and lots of pictures of the swiss national park (snp) - more ...
statistical information: figures and facts ...
do you need information about train connections, prices and more ?see switzerland's railroad website at www.sbb.ch.they also provide
		  information particularly designed for people from foreign countries in english, german,
		  french and italian.
looking for an address of a friend or company ? use this online phone book !
looking for a place or do you need directions ? use this interactive map !
search engines dedicated to switzerland:

sear.ch
search.ch
yoodle

other interesting websites:

presence switzerland - its mission is to convey knowledge about switzerland, to create understanding and empathy for our country and to highlight its diversity and
				attractiveness.
swiss infodesk is an annotated link directory of selected online information about switzerland. they also provide research support.
swissworld - information portal with comprehensive information about switzerland in its diversity.
www.ch.ch - a partnership project of the swiss confederation, cantons and communes ("guichet virtuel")
www.swissemb.org - website of the embassy of switzerland in washington, d.c.
www.helloswitzerland.ch - guide to relocation and the swiss lifestyle

 



www.about.ch is brought to you by tramsoft gmbh the company for hi-tech watches, global positioning systems (gps)
			 and mobile computing (this document does not require any browser specific features and is compliant with the w3c standard "html 4.01 transitional")welcome.html / 31-jan-2024 /
			 reto ambühler





