



national association of fraud investigators






  
        











   
        nafi 
          - the national association of fraud investigators was established to 
          improve communications and to expand the networking of those in investigation 
          and related fields which include but is not limited to law enforcement, 
          insurance investigators, professional investigators, security specialists, 
          bond enforcement agents, attorneys, forensic examiners, tracers/locators, 
          credit card investigators, auto theft investigators, international counterparts.  
          
   
        enforcement 
          officers, attorneys, bankers, insurance agencies, tracers and a host 
          of businesses including retail outlets must rely on an exchange of information 
          and point of reference to either exchange information or seek aid. upon 
          membership acceptance you will receive our international directory, 
          which readily identifies your business, a personal nafi membership identification 
          card and a colorful certificate that will enhance your place of business.  
        you 
          will also receive our newsletter, which contains job opportunities, 
          seminars, discount publications and valuable industry news. we have 
          on staff attorneys and a board of directors, including a former us attorney, 
          former federal agents, publishers, speakers, forensic examiners and 
          other specialist. all ready to assist members with problems or answer 
          questions.  
        recognizing 
          that information and networking is the basis for success - nafi offers 
          that opportunity to be listed with this very broad spectrum, and we 
          offer maximum access and education in this most crucial field.  
          






          

          
          
        


also 
        now available, manhunt:  the book .  co-authored 
        by the top skiptracing experts in the country.  to purchase, just mail $9.95 + $4.00 s&h to  manhunt: the book
consec investigations
2519 nw 23rd st.
suite 204
oklahoma city, ok
73107book available by check or money order only.







 
 
 



find 
        a member in your area

speak 
        to us 

integrity



 

 



