



the idea driven organization | alan robinson & dean schroeder | home











































home
about the book
about alan & dean
articles
contact
site map
 




























about the book
about alan & dean
articles
contact
 













prev
next










meet the men behind idea-driven organization




dr. alan g. robinson


alan g. robinson is an award-winning author, educator, researcher and consultant. his specialties include lean production, managing continuous improvement, creativity, ideas and innovation. he’s co-authored six books, which have been translated into more than 20 languages. corporate creativity, co-authored with sam stern, was named "book of the year" by the academy of human resource management & was a finalist in the financial times/booz allen & hamilton global best business book awards.

visit dr. robinson's website



connect with alan:
















dr. dean m. schroeder


dean m. schroeder is also an award-winning author, consultant & scholar whose work helping organizations improve management outcomes continues to garner praise. his best-selling book, ideas are free, co-authored by alan robinson, was voted the reader’s choice by fast company magazine and selected as one of the 30 best business books of the year by soundview executive books. as a consultant & speaker, dr. schroeder has worked with many types of companies & organizations around the world.

visit dr. schroeder's website



connect with dean:


















start building your idea-driven organization

read insightful blog articles







dec 04

2014



are your supervisors straw bosses, clerks, or leaders?

by dean  //  
front-line ideas  //  
no comments





supervisors are the people directly responsible for coordinating how work gets done, how a company’s goals and strategies are achieved through daily actions, and how routine improvements are accomplished. for most...




read more









oct 31

2014



how crises like ebola could be helped with ideas from front-line workers

by alan & dean  //  
front-line ideas  //  
no comments





amidst immense global and societal change, it is clear that citizens around the world are expecting more from their governments. never has this increased expectation been more clear than in the wake of the ebola crisis...




read more









sep 04

2014



the power of idea fairs

by alan  //  
high performance ideas  //  
no comments





last week, dean schroeder and i were working in sweden, studying the idea initiatives of government agencies at all levels, from kommuns (the equivalent of county governments) to national level institutions like the tax...




read more











get the book today!
learn how to unlock the incredible power in your employees' ideas


read a sample chapter
order now on amazon
bulk order on porchlight
read book reviews














			the idea-driven organization © 2025       		        	 | 
site by weaving influence




















