



terminal42 gmbh - web development made in switzerland






























terminal42 | web development made in switzerland




deutsche version












welcome on board
imagine your web project was an airplane …




... because that's exactly what you'll get with us! we are farsighted pilots, experienced engineers and skilled mechanics. we make modern websites and web applications around the world a reality.
our preferred way to work is as a technical partner within a network. depending on your needs, we develop the concept, do front end and back end development and take care of the system maintenance.
a personal relationship, trust and open communication are important to us. whether that is within our team or our customers. for more than ten years, we have been working on projects on a daily basis and have gained valuable experience during this time. radio our tower and we will let you know how you can benefit from it.




preflight checklist
good reasons to fly with us

small but excellent
we love what we do
we advise and we engage

 

we are part of the contao team
contributors to symfony and composer
official contao premium partner
lead developers of isotope ecommerce








interested in our contao extensions? 







construction hangar – here's where we excel
our most successful constructions 












contao open source cms
contao is one of the top 5 content management systems in the german-speaking (dach) region. for more than 10 years we have been significantly involved in the further development and maintenance of the system. it is our first (and only!) choice when implementing a website with cms functionality.
construction details


contao monitoring with trakked.io
trakked.io was born with the idea and the desire to simplify maintenance contracts and monitoring for our customer setups.
construction details


news portal for travel and tourism
travelnews.ch is the leading swiss web portal for the tourism industry. when we started implementing, contao 4 was still in its early development.
construction details


swiss online platform for addiction counseling
our duty was to implement the front end design as well as to develop several special modules to integrate with the consulting application.
construction details


discover specialized addiction services in switzerland
terminal42 redeveloped the interactive map application based on a vue.js front end and contao back end.
construction details






 
previous
next








 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 











open source only works if everyone participates.
we believe that by collaboration and exchange a community can achieve more than an individual can.
that's why we have been involved in the open source community for many years, such as contributing as core developers to the contao cms or the php framework symfony and countless extensions and bundles. our github profile contains a lot of stuff that might be interesting for you.
how we see open source



radio messages from github


7 days ago

contao-changelanguage


@aschempp:
remove unsupported versions from test matrix


view on github



21 days ago

extensions-docs


@aschempp:
update the webhook types in payment-pfc


view on github



22 days ago

contao-mp_forms


@zonky2:
fix warning in c4.13 default template nav_default.html5 (#87)


view on github



24 days ago

contao-dc_multilingual


@aschempp:
fixed compatibility with contao 5.3.23+
see https://github.com/contao/contao/pull/7899


view on github




more repositories








the terminal42 crew
experienced pilots and creative engineers. crew members you can rely on.













andy
pilot & developer
andreas schempp is taking care of deve­lop­ment, maintenance and paint jobs of our aircrafts. besides digital work, he enjoys doing handcraft, be it in woodworking, the kitchen or in the garden.

andy@terminal42.ch
aschempp
@andyschempp











yanick
pilot & developer
yanick witschi is a specialist for aviation and aircraft mechanics and the "resolver hero" for the contao manager. he loves cooking, the guitar, basketball, tennis, politics, the african continent and astrophysics.

yanick@terminal42.ch
toflar
@toflar











kamil
engineer
as our flight engineer, kamil makes sure that complex systems reach their goals on time. away from work, he likes to discuss astrophysics and the guitar with yanick in our arrival lobby.

kamil@terminal42.ch
qzminski
@qzminski











bjarke
mechanic & environmental officer
bjarke ammann is our experienced aircraft mechanic and environmental officer. his attention to detail ensures that aircraft always leave us in perfect condition. he likes good music and outdoor exercise.

bjarke@terminal42.ch
netzarbeiter















check-in // boarding
come aboard and book your next project.
we are looking forward to your contact! should our radio frequency be occupied, it's best to send an electronic letter.



world



brn








github.com/terminal42




phone
+41 32 512 63 42


e-mail
info@terminal42.ch




location
terminal42 gmbhmarktplatz 9ach - 3250 lyss





gate
t42


class
business


boarding
mo-fr, 9:00-17:00







© terminal42 gmbh, switzerland

facebook
linkedin
github



skip navigation
imprint
terms & conditions
privacy policy










