     chrysler dodge jeep ram dealer kenosha, wi | palmen motors cdjr                              


                                                     palmen motors cdjr        sales 262-300-7222    service 262-300-8005  parts 262-455-9166      5431 75th streetkenosha, wi 53142-3601                                   service        map        contact                          palmen motors cdjr              call 262-300-7222   directions                      new   new vehicles   order a vehicle   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   search all dodge charger inventory   search all dodge hornet inventory   new highline inventory   new american muscle inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   value your trade   explore electric vehicles   dodge power broker     used   pre-owned vehicles    under 20k   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned program   used highline inventory   used american muscle inventory   schedule test drive   value your trade     specials   new specials   manager specials   used specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   first responder validation   race away in a 2025   military & first responder incentive program     commercial   commercial   commercial inventory   catalogs & brochures     service & parts   service department   schedule service    express lane   parts department   order parts   service video library   vehicle accessory brochures   schedule an oil change in kenosha, wi   accessories and customization   palmen phantom edition   environmental protection package     finance   finance department   payment calculator   online credit approval   market value pricing at palmen   why trade-in?   bad credit car loans   buying vs leasing   cdjr lease deals   titanium protection program     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   what is the palmen 1000?   careers   palmen videos   cdjr car reviews   sponsorship request form   jd power customer first award   our blog   what is the power of palmen?                      home   new   new vehicles   order a vehicle   search all chrysler inventory   search all dodge inventory   search all jeep inventory   search all ram inventory   search all dodge charger inventory   search all dodge hornet inventory   new highline inventory   new american muscle inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   value your trade   explore electric vehicles   dodge power broker     used   pre-owned vehicles    under 20k   certified pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned program   used highline inventory   used american muscle inventory   schedule test drive   value your trade     specials   new specials   manager specials   used specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   first responder validation   race away in a 2025   military & first responder incentive program     commercial   commercial   commercial inventory   catalogs & brochures     service & parts   service department   schedule service    express lane   parts department   order parts   service video library   vehicle accessory brochures   schedule an oil change in kenosha, wi   accessories and customization   palmen phantom edition   environmental protection package     finance   finance department   payment calculator   online credit approval   market value pricing at palmen   why trade-in?   bad credit car loans   buying vs leasing   cdjr lease deals   titanium protection program     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   what is the palmen 1000?   careers   palmen videos   cdjr car reviews   sponsorship request form   jd power customer first award   our blog   what is the power of palmen?           



value your trade or sell your vehicle today!
 learn more



    






countdown to the palmen 1000!






days



hours



minutes



seconds


learn more







start your engines! palmen 1000 specials are here

learn more










value your trade or sell your vehicle today!
 learn more






















    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      search      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         











      search new inventory     search used inventory        






shop by brand




































     select an option








finance









service









specials









parts




     

schedule test drive

ready to take a new vehicle for a spin? spot a used car, truck, or suv in our inventory that you can't stop staring at? get behind the wheel and test drive your next car, truck, or suv at palmen motors cdjr in kenosha.
test drive


                                                                                                      

      







quality, affordability, peace of mind
when shopping for a used car, choosing chrysler certified pre-owned provides you with an impressive and reliable vehicle that enhances your lifestyle and fits your budget.
search cpo


 
      

welcome to 
 palmen motors inc. – kenosha!
we’re eager to share what makes palmen motors inc. – kenosha a top choice for drivers in kenosha, racine, and lake geneva, wisconsin area. our journey through the years has shaped us into who we are today, known for both our impressive inventory and our commitment to driver satisfaction.
as a leading chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram dealer, we're proud to serve our milwaukee, burlington, and pleasant prairie, wisconsin drivers with expert auto care.
explore our expansive inventory
at our chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership, you have the power of choice—lots of it! our extensive selection of vehicles caters to diverse tastes. whether you’re in the market for a family-friendly minivan, an energetic coupe, a versatile suv, or an athletic pickup truck, our showroom has a match for you.
our commitment only begins with new models. we also feature a wide array of quality used vehicles, ensuring that whatever your preference, there’s something here for you. plus, our certified pre-owned vehicles come with the assurance of thorough inspections and certifications.
we invite you to dive into our vast collection, whether that is through visiting us in person or browsing our offerings online. our online inventory page allows you to effortlessly filter through our full fleet from home!
streamlined financing for your smooth ride
our dealership believes that the journey to finding your perfect vehicle should be smooth, and that's why our finance center is dedicated to simplifying the process for you. our team of friendly financing experts is here to tailor a plan that suits your lifestyle, whether you're interested in buying or leasing.
we empower you to take control of your financing options with online tools that enhance your understanding and confidence. one such tool is "value your trade," which provides you with an estimate of your current vehicle’s value if you're considering a trade-in.
ready to get started? do so by applying for pre-approval online, which sets the wheels of financing in motion, all from the comfort of your home.
dedicated cdjr maintenance and repairs
our commitment to you and your vehicle extends far beyond the first day. when it’s time to schedule your next appointment, you can trust our service center to maintain its performance and reliability.
place your vehicle in the hands of our technicians, who are skilled specialists in the specific needs of chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram models. we service your cdjr model using oem parts and accessories. whether it's routine upkeep or pop-up repairs, our experienced team is here to maintain your model's integrity and longevity.
for those who take pride in handling vehicle maintenance themselves, our parts center provides easy access to all the components we use!
welcome to our dealership family!
we take great pride in our team here at palmen motors inc. – kenosha, and for good reason. we've brought together some of the finest automotive experts in the kenosha, racine, and lake geneva, wi, area, all dedicated to serving you.
we strive to make every interaction informative and straightforward, ensuring that you feel both valued and respected. contact our team to see for yourself and schedule a test drive around milwaukee, burlington, and pleasant prairie, wi!
more about us



sales hours     monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    



follow us on social media
                       


     



 5431 75th street, kenosha, wi 53142-3601

 


          


                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | palmen motors cdjr | 5431 75th street, kenosha, wi 53142-3601 | sales: 262-300-7222             


















             