



middlesex village trading company



































it's your history - don't just learn it, live it!































links to individual products
long land brown bess musket
ranger brown bess musket
east india pattern brown bess musket
ship's flintlock carbine
ketland flintlock fusil
1717 french flintlock musket
1777 french flintlock musket
1777 french flintlock carbine
flintlock fusil de chasse
1740 potzdam flintlock musket
1809 potzdam flintlock musket
1757 spanish flintlock musket
new england flintlock fowler
early trade flintlock musket
baker flintlock rifle
1816 springfield flintlock musket
double barrel flintlock shotgun
english lock fishtail fowler
english matchlock musket
dutch flintlock blunderbuss
early doglock blunderbuss
1853 enfield rifle musket
british heavy dragoon flintlock pistol
british eliot light dragoon flintlock pistol
british 1756 sea service flintlock pistol
flintlock ketland trade pistol
flintlock blunderbuss pistol with bayonet
double barrel flintlock pistol
1733 french flintlock pistol
1773 french flintlock pistol
german flintlock pistol
scottish murdoch flintlock pistol
royal highland regiments flintlock pistol
english doglock pistol
percussion east india pistol
double barrel percussion pistol
percussion converted 1822 french pistol
percussion converted 1850 prussian pistol












over 40 fully functional replicas of historic matchlock, flintlock and caplock pistols & muskets.

click on the buttons at left to navigate to subcategories

or

click the button below to order with our new

online store





december 2022 marked our 29th year in business!








follow @mvtco







join us on facebook to discuss muskets, shooting, history and to get a heads-up on clearance sales 

and other "members only" deals!












click on the gunbroker banner to see what we have up for auction!

this is where we list "scratch-and dent" guns, sale items and "housecleaning specials".










click here for pollonline surveypollsview micropollcreate online surveys







who are we?what kind of name is middlesex village anyway?click here to read the middlesex village 

story.







 click here to see the 

results and entries from our 2009 video 

contest






where in the world are we?
click here to find us on the map and to find the locations of some of our 

favorite events and special places.

hosted by google maps






as a welcoming gift, we invite you to give your brain a workout playing 9 

man's morris, a board game of strategy and logic popular in the 18th century...and still challenging 

today! 







how-to page

they say a picture is worth a thousand words. i guess for every picture i show, that's another thousand 

that i won't have to type. we've been taking pictures of some of the little musket-related tasks that might 

befuddle new shooters and have put together some photo-tutorials to help you out when it is time to 

mount your sling, install a flashguard, fit your bayonet etc. you can see it here. as ideas come in and time allows, we'll be adding more, such 

as how to roll a cartridge for a blank, how to load and fire, how to clean your musket etc.






free javascripts provided
by the javascript source







