








fiberxl | commercial-grade internet for chicago residential buildings!

















































fiberxl
commercial-grade internet for chicago residential buildings!







menu
skip to content
us

meet the team


services

comparative-services
value-and-price
bandwidth needs


join

why-fiber


clients
stories
info

broadband facts
network policy
privacy policy


 






about us
we are a boutique internet service provider. we provide high speed internet access for condos and apartment buildings in chicagoland. we achieve this aim by providing  commercial-grade internet for residential buildings. in general, a residential building can’t get this kind of service without a network engineer on staff. we serve as the network engineer. all of our staff are located in cook county illinois and speak english fluently. we have a phenomenal service record.
a high-speed connection is important, but beyond a certain speed, reliability has the greater importance. since we provide commercial grade service to residential buildings, we happen to have both in plenty. your residents deserve the kind of internet a downtown office building gets, we can provide that, for (almost certainly) less than the normal residential provider.
the internet business is competitive, you’ll find the price of our service is quite low, but more  importantly  what you will find is the  quality of service we provide is far superior to almost anybody else you can find anywhere. problems with our systems are pretty rare indeed, but if you   do experience a problem— we don’t tell you, “we’ll send out a technician next thursday sometime between 8:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m.” normally we either talk you through a problem on the phone immediately and if that doesn’t work, we  send somebody out at a precise time of your choosing, usually on the same day. you would be well advised to visit our  stories page. we are a small company of dedicated, very highly trained experts. our smallness makes us fast on our feet and ready to respond without red tape or “formal procedures”. we’ve been on the internet since before aol even existed, (and well before comcast and at&t had anything to do with the internet) and we have seen most everything. try reading about  our technology team of ph.d. physicists.
we have been consulting and doing business in chicago since january 2002.
additional offerings
we also do web hosting and website design. we are the driving force behind swiftshift, ajaxchess.com and healthcodex.com. we believe in simple, clean, modular, and expandable design. as you can see from our own site, we don’t believe in loading a site with gimmicks that will impress the visitor the first time, but merely slow down the browser on all subsequent visits. your customer’s time is important, we know it, and we make sure your site reflects this truth.
how to reach us?
our office is chicago at 1210 s indiana avenue, suite 2520.
need help:
our help desk number is 312-224-1752.
to reach dr. cross directly, call 773-457-7238 or email rcross@fiberxl.com.
to reach dr. murray directly, call 847-207-6317 or email wmurray@fiberxl.com.
 









fiberxl.com © 2024 by fiberxl.com
		

















