











home | sun river electric cooperative






























      skip to main content
    













outage reporting: (406) 467-2527 or 800-452-7516












search










pay my bill




contact us




































member servicesservice centerapplying for servicebilling rates and feespre-pay programnet meteringcapital creditsripples newslettersafetycall before you digelectrical safety checklistsafety quizstorm centercommunityoperation round-upyouth programsscholarshipswashington dc youth tourdolly parton imagination libraryannual eventsgolf scrambleco-op night at the voyagerstogether we savecooperativeabout usboard of directorsemployeesannual meetingbylawsservice territorysrec historyjob opportunitiescooperative principlesabout touchstone energynewsother linksprogramssrec rebatesenergy star rebateefficient electric water heater rebateair source heat pump rebateground source heat pump rebateelectric heat rategreen energyenergy auditweatherizationwater heater timers




















to report an outage please call (406) 467-2526 or 1-800-452-7516.  please first check your breakers.
mark your calendar to attend the annual meeting on march 28th. registration at 11, lunch at noon, business meeting at 1.









                1 of 2
          







  














 



 
to report an outage please call the srec office (406) 467-2526 or 1-800-452-7516.  always check your breakers first.










 



owned by those we serve - our members!!!!

sun river electric cooperative (srec) is a member owned cooperative.  it is one of 25 electric cooperatives in the state of montana and is a member of montana electric cooperatives' association (meca).  
about us







previous



next








pay bill online


manage your account








make payments, view bills and manage your account.
login to your account
 register for online access
 password reset
 download the mobile app





































news & events









give the gift of electricity
monday | january 13, 2025


      you can give the gift of electricity any time of the year, holidays, birthdays, or just because!

...
    

read more >











residential electric heat rate
monday | december 2, 2024


      do you heat your home primarily with an electric heat source?  interested in a 3 cent per kwh discou...
    

read more >











free children's books
wednesday | april 24, 2024


      sun river electric has teamed up with dolly parton's imagination library to provide free books to pr...
    

read more >






pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2



next page
››




last page
last »


















pay now





youth tour





about us





contact us



















sun river electric cooperative
sun river electric cooperative (srec) is a member owned cooperative.  it is one of 25 electric cooperatives in the state of montana and is a member of montana electric cooperatives' association (meca).  srec also has a partnership with touchstone energy.  this is an alliance of more than 700 cooperatives in 46 states which work together to provide many support services such as educational tools for local schools and member savings with the co-op connections card.  sun river electric takes pride in providing safe, reliable, and affordable power to it's members.

























learn more











what is the rural electric cooperatives' youth tour to washington dc?
every june, as many as 1,500 high school students from across the country spend a week in the nation's capital as part of the national rural electric cooperative youth tour. the students are sponsored by their local electric cooperatives – cooperatives that are committed to educating america's rural youth about america and the role electric cooperatives play in developing strong rural communities.














































contact info

main office: 310 1st avenue south, fairfield mt 59436
office hours:  monday - friday 8:00 am to 4:30 pm
phone: 406-467-2526
fax: 406-467-3108
after-hours outages:  406-467-2526
 










quick links


careers


news


privacy policy


contact us


employee/director login











dolly parton's imagination library


 











capital credits












like us on facebook!

















©2025 sun river electric cooperative. all rights reserved.


powered by co-op web builder












member services


service center


applying for service


billing rates and fees


pre-pay program


net metering




capital credits


ripples newsletter




safety


call before you dig


electrical safety checklist


safety quiz


storm center




community


operation round-up


youth programs


scholarships


washington dc youth tour




dolly parton imagination library


annual events


golf scramble


co-op night at the voyagers




together we save




cooperative


about us


board of directors


employees


annual meeting


bylaws


service territory


srec history


job opportunities




cooperative principles


about touchstone energy


news


other links




programs


srec rebates


energy star rebate


efficient electric water heater rebate


air source heat pump rebate


ground source heat pump rebate




electric heat rate


green energy


energy audit


weatherization


water heater timers













