











home - no more jealousy






































		skip to content











					no more jealousy
				

 





main menu
 


blogmenu toggle

jealousy tips communication trust love advice
program catalogjealousy coachingfree jealousy ebook 

 
 







 











personal coaching and online programs for overcoming jealousy
























start here to break free from jealousy...get our free ebook













learn ...*how to tame your jealousy triggers*how to relax when your partner is around the opposite sex*tips for dealing with jealousy in social situations*how to know if your jealousy is valid  and more...








get the free ebook here









































jealousy doesn't have to ruin your relationship and life...









when you're jealous, you're plagued by asking constant questions and embarrassed about your emotional reactions that often doesn't make any sense. you just want jealousy to go away! the truth is you don't have to stay stuck in feelings that can harm your relationship. with our plan to stop jealousy once and for all, you'll feel closer and more connected to your partner and also feel good about yourself.







get the free ebook here

































for 20 years we've been helping people stop jealousyand create the love they want









hi, we're susie and otto collins, the creators of no more jealousy, and we're here to help you overcome jealousy and have the love and relationship you've always wanted.
we're trained jealousy coaches but our biggest credential is that we conquered jealousy early in our relationship and have been passionately and happily together and married for 21 years.
but it wasn't always that way. when we were first together and had our "soul mate" experience, we thought that would last forever.
but when jealousy started creeping in and disrupting our beautiful relationship, we knew we had to learn the secrets and tools to stopping jealousy and keeping our love alive before it killed it.
today, jealousy is no longer an issue for us and our marriage is closer and more loving than either of us ever dreamed was possible and that's what we want to share with you.
if we can do it, and our clients can do it, you can do it too!







get the free ebook here






































3 steps to stopping jealousy now








1. get our free ebook "7 jealousy stopping secrets"
2. contact us for your no-charge jealousy conversation
3. start living your jealousy-free life







get the free ebook here









































more love and connection can be yours









a proven method of stopping jealousy
we have over 20 years experience helping people have more love
experience stopping jealousy in our own relationship
a non-judgmental approach









































we've been where you are--jealousy is damaging but doesn't have to be







when you take us up on our offer of our free jealousy stopping ebook and no-charge conversation, you'll begin to see your way through the never-ending agony of being held hostage by the green-eyed monster. sign up today for our ebook and get started!







get the free ebook here















 








							copyright © 2025 no more jealousy 

home
contact
about us
privacy policy
terms of service
return policy
cookie policy
 
 







scroll to top












