









candice miller - tulsa painters, house painting sand springs ok, realtor corpus christi

































home
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 





select page


  
 



 



 






why should you hire a real estate agent when selling or buying property? 
 by secure_admin | jan 22, 2025 | realtors
you might be asking yourself why should you employ a certified realtor? while you’re at it, there are a lot of benefits of taking advantage of the skills and expertise of a real estate agent. here are some of them: 

they assist you through the paperwork 
a lot of property buyers are appalled by the number of paperwork that they have to face along the way. from bank statements to tax returns, truth-in-lending disclosures to offer letters, the process of purchasing a home will appear to be a paper labyrinth. a real estate agent will be guiding you through the whole procedure to make sure that everything will be processed well. 
they will whittle down options 
within the area, it’s expected that there will be available properties that you would love to live in. the question to determine whether it’s for you is will such potential houses suit your needs and budget? without an actual real estate agent. you will need to whittle down and assess all the potential options yourself, which can be time-consuming work to do. however, a certified realtor corpus christi will be shortlisting properties and homes for you according to your wish list.  
they provide more options 
listings can let you know a wide range of real estate properties within a place. however, a broker or realtor can provide you with homes that are for sale that cannot be seen on listings. now that you can access both unlisted and listed properties, local agents can give you a wider array of options to select from. moreover, the more options you get, the greater the possibility that you’ll finally get your dream house.  
they are knowledgeable about the local market 
the greatest local realtors are very familiar and knowledgeable about the vital aspects that need to be considered when choosing a place. they know which communities have had the greatest market value boost over the years, which neighborhoods have reputable schools near them, and they even know the best projects that a specific place has. at the end of the day, they usually specialize in localities where they work and live. hence, they have deep-rooted knowledge about the area and are usually updated on the developments in the market.  
they are your spokesperson 
a reputable realtor will be casting as wide a net as they can to market your home through online and even offline channels. after that, they will deal with and respond to inquiries from potential homebuyers. a lot of realtors even realtors offer recommendations on how you can organize open houses or stage an enticing home for selling for your prospective buyers. aside from your usual responsibilities, can you imagine doing all of those tasks? 
they are negotiation experts 
sellers and buyers want one thing, which is to have the best deal as much as they can. to get that, savvy negotiation skills are a must. this is why you should hire real estate agents as they already have several years of negotiation experience with them. 


tips for painting your bathroom 
 by secure_admin | jan 20, 2025 | painting service
just like painting your kitchen, painting your bathroom is a high-value project for your house. the truth is that aside from increasing your home’s aesthetic appeal, it can also increase its resale value.  

improvements and updates made to bathrooms and kitchens constantly produce the highest return on investment. this includes interior paint.  
bathroom painting might almost be the same as kitchen painting. however, when it comes to your bathroom, you’ve got to pay special attention. 
fortunately, we’re here to help. aside from hiring a professional house painting sand springs ok company, here are several tips you should consider: 
let the paint cure 
this is probably the biggest mistake homeowners make when painting their bathrooms. you should let the walls completely dry before you utilize the bathroom again.  
too many homeowners finish the project and let the paint cure for only a couple of hours. then, they’ll use the bathroom again. however, professionals recommend that you let the bathroom dry for at least 24 hours. this is particularly true if you like steam showers.  
if you don’t let the paint dry completely, it will only result in ugly paint streaks.  
take your time 
it might be thrilling to perform a diy painting project for your house. however, you should take your time. this means that you’ve got to leave time for each coat to dry fully before you apply the next coat.  
don’t forget to prime 
before you start painting the walls, you should ensure you prime them. while it isn’t as crucial to prime bathroom walls compared to other surfaces, it will still make the project appear more professional.  
priming is particularly helpful if you plan to change the color of your bathroom from dark to light. you will need a solid primer for this.  
if you notice that your bathroom gets dirty a lot, professionals suggest you use a stain-blocking primer or air-purifying primer.  
make sure you’ve got the right tools 
this is perhaps the most crucial tip you need to follow. there is no other way around. bathroom painting tools are a little more in-depth compared to other tools you use for wide-open areas.  
keep in mind that your bathroom has a lot of tighter and smaller spaces. these areas will need a more refined touch and smaller brushes. next, you have to consider the outlets, the bathtub, the sink, and the toilet as well. you’ll either have to paint around these things or remove them.  
here are some tools you should consider: 

interior paint 


primer or self-priming paint 


screwdrivers 


plastic sheeting and painter’s tape 


paint tray and liner 


2-inch sash brush 


roller cover and paint roller 

is your paint mildew or mold resistant? 
keep in mind that bathrooms are filled with steam regularly. this is particularly true if you’ve got a small one. selecting an interior paint that helps prevent the growth of mildew and mold can add a nice layer of protection.  
painting a bathroom can be a bit stressful. this is particularly true if you don’t know what you’re doing. that is why it is always best to leave the job to a professional painter.  


reasons to avoid painting over rotted wood 
 by secure_admin | jan 18, 2025 | painting service
does your house have a couple of trim pieces that appear to have a bit of mold or rot? you may be planning to paint over them. a lot of homeowners believe this method is an easy and quick solution.  

unfortunately, though it may take care of the visual elements, it won’t tackle the actual underlying problems. the truth is that you may even make the issue worse.  
keep in mind that the “out of sight, out of mind” mentality is not the ideal way to handle structural damage to your house. if you don’t know what to do, you can always hire professional tulsa painters for help. 
a couple of people will probably tell you that it’s fine to paint over rotted wood. however, neglecting the problems can have huge consequences down the line. today, we’re going to share with you a couple of reasons why you should avoid painting over rotted wood.  
mold 
if you allow moisture to sit in a single area for a long period, it will start to grow into mold. for those who don’t know, mold can have severe health consequences if you do not remove and take care of it properly. houses with mold issues can be a cause of allergies, lung irritation, and a lot of other issues. 
because of that, you should not paint over rotted wood since it might have mold. if you do, it will only agitate the spores. if this happens, the mold will find another area in your home to grow.  
moisture 
moisture can quickly cause splitting and rotting in wood. a new paint coat won’t do anything to fix the issue. if moisture begins to soak into the wood, it can lead to the expansion of the wood. eventually, the wood will swell and deteriorate. thus, painting over the issue will not fix the problem. it will simply make the problem worse. the paint will not be able to stick to the damaged and wet wood. thus, it will not look appealing when you paint over it.  
though paint can help protect your house from moisture, it will not fix the issue if the water has soaked in already.  
there is a huge possibility that you’ve got a leak in your home if you’ve got moisture rot in the wood of your house. before painting that area, you’ll have to ensure you fix the leak so that the problem will not happen again in the future.  
termites 
are you noticing damaged or cracked wood on or around your house? if so, it can be an indication of a termite infestation. termites can damage and eat wood. they can drastically lower your home’s structural integrity if you ignore them for a long period.  
painting over termite damage is simply not ideal. on several occasions, it might also be a legal issue. if you’re fixing termite damage through painting because you want to sell your house, an inspector will easily find the damage. it can make your house barred for sale until you fix the damage.  




 



search for:





recent posts


why should you hire a real estate agent when selling or buying property? 


tips for painting your bathroom 


reasons to avoid painting over rotted wood 


recent commentsarchives

january 2025

categories

painting service

realtors


candice millerwhy should you hire a real estate agent when selling or buying property? tips for painting your bathroom reasons to avoid painting over rotted wood  







 















