





















home






























          


       home



  services



  about



  news



  contact



  cbm








   get in touch682-245-2158contact@wee-haul.com  





          english
en



  español
es







  
  


   

contact us






 



       add your custom html here
  


    
  get 10% off any service 1st shipment!!!
join thousands of customers who trust wee - haul to transport their goods swiftly and safely.

  

button



 
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you every step of the way
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we make shipping easy tailored to your needs
no shipment is too big or too challenging for us. our fleet is flexible, reliable and safe. from local to international shipments. 

  

button









    services
 



     online_paymentartboard 1








 book online easily
 you can ship to and from anywhere in the world, and book everything easily online.  
   





 oversized goods
 our fleet can handle shipments of every shape and size. just send us your dimensions and we’ll find the right vehicle.
   





 sea, air, inland
 we offer a variety of service's from, inland shipments to international over seas an air shipments.


     scheduel_2artboard 1




 speedy transit time
 we’ve got ships, vehicles and trains traveling with our goods every day, ensuring fastest possible delivery.
   temperatureartboard 1







 temperature controlled
 we offer a wide range of temperature-controlled trailers, so you can ship delicate, temperature-sensitive goods with confidence. 
   hazardousartboard 1






 hazardous materials
 our hazmat transportation services enable us to transport a variety of dangerous and hazardous materials. we take safety very seriously. 


    what our clients say
   ratingartboard 1






    
  “we are very happy with transway’s service. the dispatchers were friendly and professional. there were no problems that couldn’t be solved. we were also happy to find a reliable company for shipping overseas.”
sarina w.

  

button



 
  “we work with transway a lot, thanks to their competitive pricing and availability. we’ve never run into an issue they could solve swiftly. also, our shipments always arrive on time, which is extremely important in our line of business.”
kevin a.

  

button



 
  “transway staff always talk with us like people, and give us excellent, attentive service. for me, that’s the most important benefit.”
mark m.

  

button









    get a quote
 
 
   name

 email

 phone number

 shipping from
 
france
germany
italy


 shipping to
 
france
germany
italy


 ready by

 description of item





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




    faq
 
     

    "mastering importation costs: a quick guide for importers"


 january 12, 2024

this is a subtitle for your new post

 




   

    how to make your first import


 by sites
•
march 13, 2019

if this is your first time preparing a shipment for abroad, you’ll should consider a few things before shipping.                                                                                                               a. first step are you registered to be an importer ?                                                                                b.                                              what port will my merchandise be coming in through ?                                                       c. file all documents in due time to avoid penalties by customs because of wrong documentation, unproper permits.                                                       d. will the containers need to go back to the terminal or another site for drop off ?                                                       e. what tarrif will your import pay , always double check before making a purchase .                                                                                                                                  this are a few points to keep in mind when making your first import to the usa from any part of the world ,  wee - haul can help in every step of the way making seamlessly to the client. we can hanlde it from the very beginning getting you or your company register to import all the way to the clearance and delivery to your wharehouse or drop off location.

 




   

    can anyone import ?


 by sites
•
march 13, 2019

a very commonly asked question is if only companies can import ?                                                                                                  the answer is anyone can import as long as you follow the rules and regulations for what your are going to import. this means a person can be an importer. wee - haul can help you with every step of the way to assure that your import meets customs requirements and wont have any delay´s at the port or airport.

 





 show more











      

  about us
 
 at wee-haul, we take pride in our commitment to integrity and providing bespoke logistics services tailored to your unique needs. with a foundation built on trust, transparency, and unwavering reliability, we go beyond conventional solutions. our dedicated team understands the intricacies of your business, ensuring a personalized approach that prioritizes your satisfaction. at wee-haul, we believe that integrity forms the cornerstone of every successful partnership, and our bespoke services are designed to reflect this commitment at every step.

  services
 
 import and export advisory for every step of the way.

over size loads in the usa or international can be arranged .

quick fast and reliable service in english or spanish .


  contact info
 
 682-245-2158 whats app
﻿
     

 

 
























































































































  
  share by:







cbm calculator



cbm calculator


length (cm):



width (cm):



height (cm):


calculate

cbm: 0









