




welcome to travelnett - travelnett


















            home
          



            about
          



            contact
          



            members 




                become a member
              



                hotel update
              





                    login
                









the national hotel-motel index directory




find your lodging
  



select a state
click on a state to find travel destinations in that area



us territories
virgin islands
puerto rico


canadian provinces
alberta
british columbia
manitoba
ontario
saskatchewan






hot spots!


                cabo san lucas 


                california wine country 


                disneyland 


                honolulu 


                new orleans 


                orlando 


                virginia - unique history 


                wyoming's natural wonders 






vacation packages


                book air & hotel together 


                best car rental rates in top destinations 


                best cruise prices 


                explore hawaii and save 






members








































previous





next










© 1994-2025 - travelnett.com llc.  all rights reserved. privacy policy






×
privacy notice


effective date:  august 1, 2014



this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for travelnet and our website; http://www.travelnett.com this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. it will notify you of the following:

what information we collect;
with whom it is shared;
how it can be corrected;
how it is secured;
how policy changes will be communicated; and
how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.

 

information collection, use, and sharing 

                        we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone. 
                    
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. 






your access to and control over information 

                        you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
                    

see what data we have about you, if any.
change/correct any data we have about you.
have us delete any data we have about you.
express any concern you have about our use of your data

 

registration 

                        in order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. during registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). this information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. at your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
                    






orders 

                        we request information from you on our order form. to buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
                    






sharing 

                        we share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. this is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
                    


                        we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
                    


                        we partner with another party to provide specific services. when the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. these parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
                    






security 

                        we take precautions to protect your information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
                    
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. you can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. the computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.






cookies 

                        we use "cookies" on this site. a cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. for instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
                    
some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). however, we have no access to or control over these cookies.






links 

                        this web site contains links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
                    






surveys & contests 

                        from time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
                    





notification of changes





whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice we will notify consumers by email.







                            other provisions as required by law

numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. it is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. please take special notice of the california online privacy protection act (caloppa), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “do not track” signals.
                    





if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888-503-5518 or via email at support@travelnett.com


ok








×





you are being redirected to an external site.
you are now leaving travelnett.com. our site provides external links to our users for convenience and for informational purposes. when you leave our site, you are subject to the external site's privacy policy.
travelnett.com is not liable or responsible for the content, information, security, or failure of any products or services promoted or advertised on this third party site.



                        continue
                    







