




guide to aberdeen - aberdeen city hotels | aberdeen today



















explore aberdeen  has visitor information on aberdeen hotels, self catering in aberdeen, aberdeen holiday houses, guest houses or bed and breakfasts in royal deeside, late deals, aberdeen airport hotels and accommodation in aberdeen & grampian scotland.

      





welcome
aberdeen today

history of aberdeen

aberdeen hotels

aberdeen airport hotels 
luxury hotels aberdeen 
cheap hotels aberdeen 
city centre hotels 
aberdeen hotel deals 
4 star hotels aberdeen 
3 star hotels aberdeen 
boutique hotels aberdeen 
aecc hotels aberdeen 
romantic hotels aberdeen 
hotel breaks aberdeen 



aberdeen guide

moray coast
heritage trails
golf in aberdeen
country sports
touring
attractions

shopping
entertainment
art & culture
other

whisky & castles

scottish whisky
castles in aberdeen

local events
 highland games




weddings & romance

scottish weddings
wedding venues



business

aecc
your business event



information

contact us
travel tips

getting here
local transport
maps of aberdeen
aberdeen airport

travel offers
useful contacts



aberdeen hotel reviews










whisky & castles

hotels in aberdeen 

heritage trails 

aberdeen airport 


aberdeen and grampian is veritably scotland’s whisky and castle country’. do explore... 

book  your aberdeen hotel, self catering, guest house,  airport hotel or b&b in aberdeen...

4 of the very best and most famous tourist trails in scotland, the heritage trail is very popular... 

aberdeen airport is ideal for business travellers visiting  north east scotland. book your airport hotel... 










visit aberdeen today 
aberdeen late hotel deals
moray coast 
scottish castles
entertainment in aberdeen
scottish whisky
heritage trails
highland games
country sports 
touring aberdeenshire
history of aberdeen
aberdeen airport hotel 
 hotels in aberdeen





aberdeen, guide to aberdeen,  scotland
 welcome to aberdeen. named the "granite city' or "silver city" because of its preponderance of sparkling granite buildings – aberdeen is scotland's third largest city with a population of around 210,000. as the centre of the north sea energy industry, it is also known as the "oil capital of europe".
need a hotel near aberdeen airport? 
recommended aberdeen hotels


loch  kinord hotel, ballater

macdonald  pittodrie house hotel, aberdeen

speedbird inn   aberdeen airport 

thainstone  house hotel, near aberdeen

aberdeen marriott hotel 

holiday inn aberdeen west 

carmelite hotel 

copthorne hotel aberdeen 

 it also has been dubbed as britain's "flower capital " because it has won the beautiful britain in bloom title no less than 10 times. there are fabulous floral displays throughout the city - arising from a base of 2.5 million roses, 11 million daffodils and 3 million crocuses. 
 and not only a sensational, vibrant modern city, home to a superb university, superb shopping and nightlife, and of course aberdeen fc, one of scotland’s best premier league football clubs – aberdeen is blessed by being surrounded by a hinterland as tourism rich as anywhere on scotland, featuring the superb grampian whisky, victorian heritage and grampian castle trails, glorious royal deeside, the lovely fishing villages and towns of the north east – and not far away the delightful moray coast with superb beaches, wildlife and dolphin watching opportunities. 
 enjoy the site and discover the delights of touring and travelling around aberdeen and the grampians. for short breaks, weekend leisure breaks and holidays and vacations in scotland with a difference – it might just be for you. timber stone is based in deeside, aberdeenshire, well worth visit as they design and create specialist traditional timber and stone products and services. only in december does the focus shift slightly to include the sale of locally grown christmas trees and the opportunity for visitors to browse through our expanding gallery of wooden gifts and crafts. 



book aberdeen hotels online 



aberdeen airport
local transport
travel offers 
aberdeen city guide 



map of aberdeen





recommended aberdeen hotels



loch kinord hotel, ballater
macdonald pittodrie house hotel
speedbird inn aberdeen airport 
thainstone house hotel
aberdeen marriott hotel
holiday inn aberdeen west
carmelite hotel 
copthorne hotel aberdeen
timber stone, wooden furniture







welcome |
aberdeen today |
aberdeen hotels & city breaks  |
aberdeen guide |
weddings & romance |
business in aberdeen |
aberdeen information |
aberdeen hotel reviews 




 

explore perthshire  |
               scotland perthshire |
               perthshire |
               inverness |
               valentines breaks |
                autumn breaks scotland |
                 easter weekend breaks |
                scottish wedding venues  |
                 kinloch rannoch





copyright ©  aberdeen today | web design by web smart media


