     phelps chevrolet in greenville | chevy dealers near me                                                                                  phelps chevrolet             sales 252-558-1728    service 252-375-3317  parts 252-375-3317      3325 s memorial dr.greenville, nc 27834                           service        map        contact                         phelps chevrolet                  call 252-558-1728   directions                      new   new chevrolet inventory   2025 chevrolet 1500 silverado inventory   buy online   custom order   schedule test drive   value your trade   quick quote   find my car   the 2025 chevrolet malibu   the 2025 chevrolet blazer   the 2025 chevrolet silverado hd   2025 chevrolet corvette zr1   discover the 2025 chevrolet silverado 1500 at phelps chevrolet    the 2025 chevrolet traverse: versatility for every drive    2025 chevrolet corvette roundup     ev vehicles   ev vehicles   test drive chevy ev   the 2025 chevrolet blazer ev   2025 chevrolet equinox ev: unleash power, comfort, and safety    2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   2025 chevy silverado ev vs. the competition: why it stands out    2024 chevrolet blazer ev   explore the 2025 chevy silverado ev: electrified capability      pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned   used suvs   vehicles under 20k   value your trade   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car     carbravo   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers   my chevrolet rewards     service & parts   schedule service    service department   service & parts specials   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   accessories   order parts   frequently asked chevrolet service questions    order parts online   gm accessories   tire finder   wheel alignment services      finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   leasing vs financing information   value your trade   why finance through phelps   chevrolet protection     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions   phelps chevrolet app   welcome to phelps   careers   meet our staff   the most fuel-efficient chevy cars   career technicians   gm rewards   onstar assistance	   chevy accessibility   our blog                      home   new   new chevrolet inventory   2025 chevrolet 1500 silverado inventory   buy online   custom order   schedule test drive   value your trade   quick quote   find my car   the 2025 chevrolet malibu   the 2025 chevrolet blazer   the 2025 chevrolet silverado hd   2025 chevrolet corvette zr1   discover the 2025 chevrolet silverado 1500 at phelps chevrolet    the 2025 chevrolet traverse: versatility for every drive    2025 chevrolet corvette roundup     ev vehicles   ev vehicles   test drive chevy ev   the 2025 chevrolet blazer ev   2025 chevrolet equinox ev: unleash power, comfort, and safety    2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   2025 chevy silverado ev vs. the competition: why it stands out    2024 chevrolet blazer ev   explore the 2025 chevy silverado ev: electrified capability      pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned   used suvs   vehicles under 20k   value your trade   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car     carbravo   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers   my chevrolet rewards     service & parts   schedule service    service department   service & parts specials   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   accessories   order parts   frequently asked chevrolet service questions    order parts online   gm accessories   tire finder   wheel alignment services      finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   leasing vs financing information   value your trade   why finance through phelps   chevrolet protection     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions   phelps chevrolet app   welcome to phelps   careers   meet our staff   the most fuel-efficient chevy cars   career technicians   gm rewards   onstar assistance	   chevy accessibility   our blog              

reserve your marked down silverado

    













      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                             



    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified carbravo    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        





phelps chevrolet

           

from all of us at phelps chevrolet, thank you for taking the time to visit our website. family-owned and operated, we have served the greenville chevrolet community for over 40 years. at phelps, you'll find your perfect vehicle at the best price in the greenville area. looking for a new chevy? let our friendly staff help you find your perfect car, truck, or suv and guide you through a hassle-free buying process. our chevrolet dealership located in greenville and easily accessible from kinston, washington and new bern features an ever-growing inventory of used cars, trucks, suvs, and crossovers for sale.
more about us
















value your
trade













schedule
service













get
financing






     



explore the chevrolet lineup
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





malibu





camaro





corvette





trax





equinox





trailblazer





blazer





traverse





tahoe





suburban





colorado





silverado 1500





silverado 2500hd





silverado 3500hd





express




explore all new inventory



     

the best offer awaits you
located in greenville, phelps chevrolet also serves the surrounding community in north carolina with a stress-free sales experience and a finance department that can find financial solutions to save you money and fit within any budget or credit situation.





get behind the wheel
the phelps chevrolet sales team is focused on ensuring your experience with our dealership exceeds your highest expectations, and that you find the right car to suit your lifestyle.
schedule test drive





get the best appraisal
receive the best value for your trade-in vehicle with phelps chevrolet. then find the latest new car, truck, suv, rebates, and special offers available only at phelps chevrolet.
value my trade



      






chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks



       


sales hours     monday 8:30am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    







follow


                  




               


chevrolet dealership in greenville, nc





if you're shopping for a new or used vehicle in the greenville, pitt country, winterville, farmville, washington, or goldsboro areas, then stop by phelps chevrolet. we provide exceptional customer service and work hard to make the car-buying process simple for all of our customers. get to know why we're a top chevrolet dealer in the area.

personalized shopping with phelps chevrolet

our goal is to help every customer find the perfect vehicle for their lifestyle. we understand that you may prefer a new vehicle for yourself and a reliable used vehicle for your new teen driver. we also understand if you need a large suv to fit the whole family or a small commuter sedan for long morning drives. whatever you need, our staff can help you along the way. we strive to be trusted, proven, and committed. when you mix our excellent customer service with everything else we have to offer, you can see we hold true to these three words.
           
schedule auto service with us

our gm certified service experts can help you with all of your vehicle's major and minor repairs. we know your chevrolet car, truck, or suv inside and out, including which parts to order, how to get your vehicle running like new again, and ways to maintain your car's quality. whether you need regular servicing or heavy-duty repairs, feel free to check out our service specials and visit our service department to get excellent customer care.




high-demand chevy models

when you come to our dealership, check out our best-selling cars, trucks, and suvs. one of our top models is the newest chevrolet silverado 1500. this powerful pickup truck can trailer up to 13,400 pounds and has a max payload of 2,250 pounds. when you upgrade to the chevrolet silverado 2500, you get even more power. another popular model is the chevrolet blazer. our customers love this sporty mid-size suv for its exceptional ride quality, agile handling, and easy-to-use infotainment system. it even has an optional v-6 engine for more power.

why we give back

we give back to our community to show how thankful we are for all of your support since the very beginning. a few local charities and organizations we partner with include the pitt county combat warriors, pitt county education, east carolina university athletics, pitt county little league, pitt county youth sports, down east off-road, and the pitt county rodeo. we sponsor so many sports teams because of how important it is for our youth to have a chance to connect with their peers and learn how to work toward their goals.
        

whether you're just starting to think about buying your next vehicle or want to buy right now, you can come by our dealership for expert guidance. our sales team is standing by to assist you with the entire car-buying process and work with you to get the best deal possible. give us a call at 252-558-1742 to schedule an appointment, or simply walk in during our regular business hours.



                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | phelps chevrolet | 3325 s memorial dr., greenville, nc 27834 | sales: 252-558-1728              



















                         