










home - avalon housing


































 


















facebook




instagram


for tenants
contact
finding housing
donate
 












about homelessness

understanding the issue
mythbusting
how you can help


our communities

our approach
our homes
our impact


equity
about us

our mission
our history
our team
our board
our partners
financials
work at avalon
media


get involved

volunteer
annual event
ways to give
donate goods
donate


blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 










a home is a foundation for a future
avalon housing works to end homelessness by developing affordable housing centered on community, care and support. 

donate











housing justice for washtenaw county
the lack of affordable housing is a leading cause of homelessness nationwide. this is especially true here in washtenaw county, one of the most expensive housing markets in michigan.
in our community and across the country, a disproportionate number of people experiencing homelessness are people of color.
that’s because the root causes of homelessness—structural racism, generational poverty and trauma—run far deeper than the real estate market. the only way to break the cycle of homelessness is to consider the whole system—and the whole person.









building solutions
the heart of the avalon housing model is the development, construction and management of high-quality, permanently affordable housing across washtenaw county.
we welcome people and families experiencing homelessness and behavioral and physical health challenges. all avalon housing tenants can access care and support, through our team and partners, to address mental illness, substance use disorders and other conditions.

learn more





the power of avalon housing’s approach





$11,300
average cost, per year, to provide housing and support to one person in avalon housing
 



$29,200
average cost, per year, to support one person living in a shelter
 





94%
of people supported by avalon housing stay in their homes after one year
 



25%
of the 800 people who live in our homes are children
 









“avalon’s deep commitment to permanent supportive housing, housing first and harm reduction is transformational—a way to restore dignity and well-being to both our tenants and the larger community.”

margaret wong,  former avalon board member







news









protecting housing and services from federal threats
feb 18, 2025the beginning of the trump administration has been alarming, from cuts in federal funding for social services, to attacks on diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts, to harmful rhetoric about people who have already suffered and survived so many hardships. avalon’s...
read more



avalon partners with michigan works! southeast
jan 21, 2025avalon housing is very excited to announce a new partnership with michigan works! southeast, which will help avalon tenants and clients connect with employment resources and services in their communities. starting in january, michigan works! southeast staff will visit...
read more



a bittersweet milestone
dec 18, 2024nearly 7,000 people have filled out applications for 20 housing units at the grove at veridian by aaron cooper, executive director, avalon housing after working on the grove at veridian project for going on 8 years, avalon housing finally reached an important...
read more











stay connected




success! thank you for signing up for our newsletter.



first name



last name



email





subscribe
















let’s break the cycle of homelessness together.your donations power avalon housing’s proven model, creating more affordable housing in washtenaw county and connecting our neighbors with the care and support they need to thrive in their homes.
donate now



 












avalon housing1327 jones drive, suite 102ann arbor, mi 48105
info@avalonhousing.org



about homelessnessunderstanding the issuemythbustinghow you can help


our communitiesour approachour homesour impact




equity

about usour missionour historyour teamour partnersfinancialsjobsmedia



get involvedvolunteerannual event
blogfinding housingfor tenants


donate





followfollowfollow



privacy policy | cookie policy | terms and conditions | site map 
avalon housing is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. all donations to avalon are fully tax deductible to the extent the law allows.









avalon housing 1327 jones drive, suite 102. ann arbor, mi 48105
info@avalonhousing.org

followfollowfollowfollow

privacy policy | cookie policy | terms and conditions | site map 
avalon housing is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. all donations to avalon are fully tax deductible to the extent the law allows.



 

































