























cardservices online



	
	
	
	


























card services


































home


card features


manage my card


rewards




rewards


redeem rewards


discounts and offers


faqs










maximise my card






sign on ...






















important information

as of 27 august 2024, diners club©personal, business & corporate accountsissued in australia are now closed.





                                    pay fast and smart
                                
                                with google pay
                            





                                    instalment plans
                                
                                get a lower rate.








important information


                            as of 27 august 2024, diners club© personal,business & corporate accounts issued in australiaare now closed.to find out more please view the diners club website here.
                        








we are launchinggoogle pay


experience a faster andmore convenient way topay via your smartphone
                        
find out more










instalment plans

                            an instalment plan lets you lock in a lower interest rate on a credit card purchase, or balance, or when you convert your available credit into cash. enjoy the flexibilityof repaying in monthly instalments over a set term.
                        


find out more













                                new user?
                            
register

 



sign on to cardservices online












 
user id
 




password
 




we recommend you to change your password regularly.



remember my user id
			

sign on








forgot user id or password?activate your cardneed help?important notice: due to essential security updates, the following services will be unavailable this sunday: card services online and online services: 3:00am to 10:00am (aedt); payments, eftpos, wallet and atm services: 3:00am to 9:00am (aedt). thank you for your patience while we work to create a better experience for you.














cardservicesdirect.com.au

terms & conditions
privacy policy
security
about us
site map





copyright © 2020 card servicesnational australia bank limited (abn 12 004 044 937, afsl and australian credit licence 230686) ("nab") is the credit provider and issuer of credit cards under the card services brand. nab has acquired the business relating to this product from citigroup pty ltd (abn 88 004 325 080, afsl and australian credit licence 238098) ("citi") and has appointed citi to assist to administer the product.
   



















