



wtn kung fu productions









 
                 









  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
dvds are $39.95 each
shipping within the us is $7 for any size order. 
international orders, outside of the us will require additional shipping. an invoice for the extra charge will be sent to you through paypal once an order is placed. your order will be placed on hold until the additional ship charge is paid through paypal.
please note that all shipments outside of the united states may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; wtn has no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be.
 

 
 
 

welcome to wtn    
wtn kung fu productions  proudly presents the secrets of the orient instructional martial art video series. the secrets of the orient martial art videos provide expert instruction through the use of slow motion, split screen and various camera angles along with a running commentary pointing out the most important points of each of the techniques. these videos are acclaimed throughout the world as outstanding instructional tapes and are ideal for anyone looking to increase knowledge of these arts.

the videos in wtn's secrets of the orient series have been specifically produced by gifted martial artists to serve as teaching films. explanation and demonstration of each step of the form is shown so that all techniques can be perfected. wtn kung fu productions is a company started by martial artists for martial artists. wtn pioneered the type of teaching tapes that have come to be recognized as the best method of learning these forms. the titles and forms we carry are very hard to find anywhere else. many are now available on dvd!

 wtn accepts credit cards through paypal only
- sorry no personal checks accepted.
   

wtn kung fu productions 

 
contact wtn by email for further information:  info@secretsoftheorient.com
 
 
 
 


disclaimer:
			the instructors demonstrating in the videos are well trained by their masters. in some videos the master may introduce the discipline but not necessarily demonstrate it. we try our best to indicate exactly who is demonstrating on each form. the bio of a demonstrator and or master on any given tape is provided wherever possible. wtn cannot be responsible for information that has not been provided to us. sorry no refunds or exchanges. international customers please note: additional taxes and custom charges are the responsibility of the consumer.



					questions or comments regarding this web site should be directed to info@secretsoftheorient.com this page was last updated: 02-20-19  
			© 1986-2019 wtn kung fu productions. all rights reserved. secrets of the orient is a trademark of wtn kung fu productions.
			all other products mentioned are registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective companies. 








