



domicilium | a world-leading internet and cloud services provider


























































about
















about us
a partner who prioritises your success and satisfaction.










why us
a partner who understands the needs of your business.










join our team
are you a talented individual with a proven track record?









products
















datacentres
the go-to choice for global hosting solutions and peace of mind.










virtual datacentre / cloud
flexible and affordable cloud solutions tailored to your business needs.














internet and private networking
connectivity products for the smallest start-up to the largest enterprise.














security services
a full range of security services to protect your infrastructure.













managed services
from essential device management to comprehensive devops support.










disaster recovery
a comprehensive suite of hosting, cloud, network and backup services.







sectors


login
















webmail
login to your webmail.











remedy
login to remedy.









call us today
contact us


























a world-leading internet and cloud services provider


our clients have a real advantage when working with our highly skilled experts.




learn more
call us today


























hosting and connectivity


global hosting solutions

the go-to choice for global hosting, connectivity and virtualised services.








hosting


datacentres

domicilium has been providing global hosting services for over 30 years. we provide a range of hosting, co-location and managed services to the highest international standards across asia the americas, mainland europe and australasia including the major offshore jurisdictions.



learn more










connectivity


internet and private networking

we provide a range of connectivity products tailored to meet the requirements of the smallest start-up through to the largest enterprise.



learn more








scalability


virtual datacentre / cloud

we have been providing public cloud and other virtualised services since 2009, designed to meet the needs of the smallest startup through to the mature enterprise. we are experts in developing strategies to migrate from traditional physical footprints to hybrid or fully virtualised estates.



learn more


















devops


peace of mind

we offer a wide range of managed services to protect your infrastructure.








infrastructure


security services

domicilium offer a range of managed security services including outsourced monitoring, threat detection and management of security devices and systems.



learn more










support


managed services

we have provided our clients with tailored managed services for over 25 years and have learnt much in that time. the most important lesson is that a one-size service only fits some organisations.



learn more








operations


disaster recovery services

domicilium's proven and licensed disaster recovery services offer our clients comfort that their operations will continue without disruption during a disaster.



learn more


















market experience



a partner who understands you



we have customers in many sectors. we specialise in products and services that deliver tangible outcomes for your business. engaging with domicilium allows you to achieve your required outcomes by working with a supplier who understands your market.



learn more


















ai + machine learning

domicilium empowers customers in the ai and machine learning sector by providing cutting-edge hosting solutions and expert consulting, enabling them to harness ai technologies and drive innovation for transformative business growth.















banking + finance

empowering global finance leaders since 1996, domicilium revolutionises banking security and reliability as the isle of man's premier isp, infusing confidence with our iso-accredited, rigorously tested networks and data centres.






















egaming

domicilium, at the forefront since 1998, has been pivotal in sculpting the egaming landscape, transforming startups into market giants with our pioneering technology, robust datacentres, and deep-seated industry expertise.















manufacturing

domicilium delivers unmatched security and global hosting solutions to the manufacturing sector, ensuring the highest levels of privacy and protection for some of the world's most renowned brands.




















legal

domicilium provides the legal sector with secure, accredited infrastructure, ensuring the highest level of data protection and compliance with strict industry regulations, giving legal practices the confidence to manage sensitive information securely.





















life sciences

for over a decade, domicilium has supported the deployment of ai cancer diagnostic engines across the us and eu, backed by our secure, always-on infrastructure.















fintech

domicilium, at the heart of financial innovation, empowers the fintech ecosystem with reliable, dependable infrastructure and managed services support for sustainable growth.



















telco + network

domicilium delivers unmatched expertise and resilience to the telco and network sector, providing everything from reliable internet connections to robust intercontinental private networks, ensuring top-tier performance and connectivity.




















global solutions


stats you can trust in

for over 30 years, we have been the go-to choice for global hosting solutions. we offer a range of hosting, co-location, and managed services that adhere to the highest international standards.




100%







network uptime


our next generation network can carry all your voice and data traffic seamlessly, safely and reliably.





35+










global locations


today’s e–business demands total global connectivity without compromise. that’s exactly what we deliver.





1991










our founding year


at the cutting edge of it since the early nineties, with a track record stretching back more than thirty years





24/7







around the clock support


quite simply, we’re here to solve the technical and process challenges you need to overcome.

















get in touch


still have questions? we're here to help

speak to our sales team today. we'd love the opportunity to discuss how we can help your business.



call us today
contact us

























a world-leading internet and cloud services provider











privacy policy
terms of service










































