



washington, dc film society


   












 


last updated february 13, 2025.




32nd annual oscar party:
"and the winner is..."



will your favorite flick win? join the washington, dc film society at its 32nd annual party fun-raiser, “and the winner is…”! cheer the stars with fellow film fans on oscars night! the fun starts sunday, march 2, 2025 at our favorite locale, the arlington cinema ‘n’ drafthouse, (2903 columbia pike, arlington, va). doors open for on-site ticket sales at 5:30pm. the red carpet pre-show starts at 6:00pm and the oscars broadcast is at 7:00pm.

advance tickets are on sale now. more details here including ticket ordering information.









join the dc film society!


new and renewal one-year memberships (january 1-december 31, 2025) are available now!

go to our membership page to sign up.

be a part of the movie buzz and join the dc film society. enjoy advance preview film screenings, discounts to filmfest dc and many more benefits including our annual "and the winner is" oscars event.





visit us on facebook
















storyboard newsletter
check out the monthly calendar of events in the storyboard newsletter and see what film events are going on around town.

the february storyboard is now on the website.







the cinema lounge

the cinema lounge, a film discussion group, takes place at 8:00pm online via zoom. you do not need to be a member of the washington dc film society to attend.

on monday, february 24, 2025 at 8:00pm please join the cinema lounge, the dc film society's monthly film discussion group.

topic: who will win the oscars?

in january we picked the nominees. now it's time to pick the winners for picture, director, the acting, and the screenplay categories. will demi moore cap her spectacular comeback with a best actress win for the substance? does timothée chalamet continue conquering the movie world with a best actor oscar for a complete unknown? can emilia pérez, a netflix musical about a transgender former drug lord, snag best picture or will it be the more traditional hollowood epic the brutalist? what will be the biggest surprise? who are we rooting for, and who should have been nominated instead?


please rsvp to atspector@hotmail.com and you'll get the zoom link 1-2 days before the discussion.

the cinema lounge, a film discussion group, meets the third monday of every month (unless otherwise noted) at 8:00pm online via zoom. you do not need to be a member of the washington dc film society to attend. cinema lounge is moderated by adam spector, author of the dc film society's adam's rib column.







 contact us: 
 membership 
for members only:  e-mailing 
list  ushers
 website
 storyboard
 all 
else visit our parent organization:


