







pooper scooper service, pet waste removal | scoop masters






































































800-787-7667 or 800 pup-poop















california

santa clarita
san fernando valley
thousand oaks
ventura


texas

dallas / fort worth
austin


tennessee

nashville


faqs scoop masters
what’s the scoop
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










find a scoop masterspet waste removal servicenear you!

 


 


						...click to get a free quote or sign up                    




















 



3432
satisfied clients





6743
happy dogs!





301139
yards cleaned













scoop masters dog poop pick up services



we scoop poop at residential and commercial locations;


we service your yard the same day every week. no guessing what day(s) your yard will be cleaned;


we’ll send you a text message letting you know when your pooper scooper is way and when they’re done, if you want;


all of our pet waste service techs are uniformed and no pooper scooper service is contracted out.











what does scoop masters doo?









dog poop pick up service
scoop masters comes to your home on a regular basis to pick up the dog poop! whether you want once a week, 5 times a week, or anything in-between, we are here to serve you and your pet waste needs.


one time pet waste cleaning, vacation cleaning;


homeowners associations;


we pick up dog poop from apartments, condominiums, parks, bike paths, special events and more.


 
“if your dog can poop it, we can scoop it!”™

pet waste removal and dog poop removal service for you and your furry friend
keeping your front yard clean and tidy isn’t the cakewalk you thought it would be. after all, scooping poop isn’t enjoyable, to say the least. and if you have both a front yard and a back yard, it’s even more of a hassle to keep your property feces-free.
as a professional pooper scooper service and pet waste removal service, we make keeping your outdoor space clean something easy – as it should be! your four-legged family members can poo to their heart’s content, and we’ll clean up every last pile. it’s our job!
a pooper scooper service that’ll keep your backyard clean for weeks to come
you can book your next service anytime you’d like. opt for a weekly service or a bi-weekly pooper scooper service. whether you’re a homeowner or a business owner, you can hire our team of dog waste removal experts to maintain a crisp and clean yard. we clean up anything from residential yards to community and event areas.
we know it’s not fun nor convenient to pick up after your pets, even if you love them dearly. you deserve to live your life feces-free, spending your time playing with your dogs and hanging out with your family instead of tending to a poo-filled backyard.
visit our website for info on pricing and our many services offered. we’ll work out a set schedule with you and always give you notice before we step onto your land. if you want to skip a week, just request so. we’ve served clients across the country for years, scooping poo and maintaining their clean yard.
spring-nature-fall-short-job-service-free-prices-weeks-scooping-contracts-timely-money-picture-haul-cover-account-company-removal-business-residential-scooping-scooping-equipment-dog-waste-removal-entire-family-pooper-scooper-services-dog-waste-services-yard-clean-up-services-weekly-services-dog-waste-services-weekly-waste-job-yard-dog-waste-yard-yard-yard






pet waste stations
want to free up your maintenance crew for more urgent matters? we will service all of your pet waste stations by emptying the trash bags, replacing the poop bags and keeping your dog poop bag dispensers clean. and, we’ll even supply the bags!
sales
we sell complete pet waste stations, self contained pet valets, or just the bag dispenser along with many different accessories. and, don’t forget the replacement dog poop bags, we got you covered for that too.
installation:
scoop masters can help you choose the brand, style and type of dog poop bag dispensers.  how many stations will you need? we can help. we’ll also help you decide where to install them.
service:
we use bark plus, dogipot, doggiewalk bags, or generic bags guaranteed to fit your existing dispensers. we also have the pull strap bags and the tissue style bags. we’ll also let you know when minor repairs are needed so they can remain functional for your homeowners or tenants.













homeowner’s associations
that’s right, scoop masters can service your hoa’s common areas and keep the area dog poop free. we work with several management companies and many compliance companies so you can be sure you’re hiring true, professional pet waste removal technicians.
by hiring scoop masters to maintain your community, you can free up the precious time of your maintenance workers so they can tend to more important tasks for your tenants or homeowners. also, using scoop masters dog pop pick up service can be a great selling point for potential non-pet owner residents, knowing that your site uses this unique service.
contact us to day for more information or to recieve a free quote for service. you’ll be glad you did! 

contact us





pet odor control
there’s nothing worse than that fresh scent of…dog poop! that’s why we here at scoop masters provide a variety of odor control options to help get rid of the dog poop and urine smells. 
we can keep your artificial turf or your dog run smelling fresh and clean with the wysiwash sanitizing system. it kills viruses and bacteria, deodorizes smells, and neutralizes mold all in one step. the epa-approved formula is safe to use around animals and humans, yet tough enough to kill infectious diseases like parvovirus, feline calicivirus, and feline panleukopenia.  
ask about our zeolite applications for long term odor control.











scoop masters is a charter member of apaws, the only non-profit trade organization for professional pooper scoopers.















why get pet insurance for your dog?

feb 17, 2025let’s face it—our dogs are family. they’re not just fluffy companions who wag their tails and beg for treats; they’re our partners in crime, emotional support animals, and sometimes, our personal exercise coaches. so, when they get sick, injured, or need a last-minute...
read more




will dog poop kill grass?

feb 10, 2025as dog-loving homeownerships continue to blossom, one quirky yet ever-present dilemma emerges: the battle between the beloved pup and the lawn. it may seem like a mere nuisance, a little bit of dog poop here, a sprinkle of dog urine there—but these seemingly small...
read more




how many times does a puppy poop a day?

feb 3, 2025your guide to puppy potty habits ah, the joys of bringing home a brand-new puppy. those big, puppy-dog eyes, the floppy ears, and, of course, the inevitable moment when you realize—you’re going to have to deal with poop. a lot of poop. but don’t worry, fellow dog...
read more







 

 









 



services
locations
dog poop bags
pet waste stations
faqs scoop masters
our business values
privacy policy
rates
contact us
what’s the scoop
gallery
pet links
 



copyright © 2025 scoop masters dog poop pick up service inc. each scoop masters pet waste removal service location near me is independently owned and operated. 






pin it on pinterest


 




































