



milan area schools / homepage





















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

milan high school
milan middle school
symons elementary school
paddock elementary school






sign in


search our site

















milan area schools

founded on tradition - focused on excellence














our district
"
advanced accreditation
district directory


2024 sinking fund
strategic planning
superintendent
administrative team
nondiscrimination statements and title ix information
facility use
district notifications
reports
web accessibility commitment
community resources



board of education
"



board of education
strategic planning
communicating with milan area schools



schools
"



milan high school
milan middle school
symons elementary school
paddock elementary school
early childhood center
staff resources



departments
"



athletic department
business & finance
curriculum & instruction
health & wellness
human resources
student services
superintendent
transportation



programs
"
bullying
english language learner programs
federal program
guidance and counseling
homeless families
lgbt families
literacy intervention
reading recovery
response to intervention
safety & security
title i
volunteers / parental involvement


adult & community education
student enrichment opportunities
early childhood & preschool programs
performing arts



students & families
"



prospective families
district calendar
family resources
family technical support
annual student registration
technology documents
community
michigan seal of biliteracy



staff
"
district staff directory



employment
"



employment opportunities



food & nutritional service
"



nutritional services





























current topics






care solace
dear milan area schools families, navigating mental health services for a child or family member, scheduling appointments, and navigating the cost of insurance can be overwhelming. in order to support our students, families, and staff, milan area schools has partnered with care solace, a confidential service focused on removing barriers to accessing mental health care. this collaboration provides school district families and staff with access to care solace's care coordination services at no cost to families or staff. care solace streamlines communication and coordination to connect individuals with the right resources and appropriate level of care. with a team of more than 500 dedicated care companions, care solace connects milan area schools to over 420,000 licensed mental health and substance use treatment providers. these care companions navigate the fragmented mental health care system on behalf of individuals, helping them find the perfect fit for their unique needs and insurance requirements. families can connect with care solace via a staff referral, or may request assistance directly from care solace. once a referral begins, care solace will work with the student, family, or staff member to help identify a local mental health provider that meets their needs, schedule an appointment with the provider, help navigate the insurance/payment requirements, and provide follow-up services. all of this information and actions taken after the referral are strictly confidential and not accessible by mas.  included with this message are two introductory flyers and an explanation of what to expect after connecting with care solace. if you have any questions about this service after reviewing these resources, please explore the care solace site at caresolace.com/milan or contact a district counselor or social worker. care solace family flyercare solace family flyer spanishcare solace family lettercare solace family letter spanishwhat to expect after a warm hand-off flyerwhat to expect after a warm hand-off flyer spanish thank you,bryan girbach


comments (-1)







mas attendance policy
hello milan area schools families,
 
milan area schools wants to inform our students and families that we will be implementing a new/updated attendance policy.  the policy implementation will begin on august 28, 2023, the first day of the 2023-2024 school.  
 
the policy was developed by the district in conjunction with agencies from monroe and washtenaw counties.
 
while milan area schools experiences good daily student attendance on average, some of our students do meet the state’s definition of being chronically absent.  some of our students also meet the state’s definition of being truant.  excessive absences affect a student’s ability to be successful in school.
 
important information about student attendance is included in the the “milan area schools attendance policy”.  
 
the policy includes:

the michigan compulsory attendance law
definitions of chronically absent and truant
definitions of excused and unexcused absences
definitions of late arrivals, early pick-ups, and tardies
specific actions that will be taken at 8, 15, and 20 unexcused absences
milan area schools drop policy

 
thank you for taking the time to review this important document.  it is imperative that your students attend school regularly.
 
thank you,
bryan girbach


comments (-1)







my future fundmilan area schools is excited to announce our partnership with my future fund. through the my future fund program, eligible 1st-5th grade students will get free money and support to jump-start their savings for college and career training. the my future fund program is operated by the washtenaw intermediate school district in collaboration with the washtenaw county government. please visit www.myfuturefund.org for more information. 


comments (-1)







wchd k-12 guidance
wchd k-12 school guidance


comments (-1)





















welcome to mas






the city of milan, which encompasses a total of 3.4 square miles, was founded in 1831 and is located in the southeastern counties of washtenaw and monroe in the state of michigan. located between the cultural and commercial hubs of ann arbor, mi and toledo, oh, milan has both rural and suburban areas.  the milan school district embraces nearly 90 square miles and serves households in both washtenaw and monroe counties.  the district is proud to note that its staff is made up of both veteran teachers and those new to the profession, all of whom are highly qualified. the four school buildings that comprise the milan area school district operate as schools-of-choice facilities and consistently enroll students from four surrounding counties. the district offers exceptional educational programs to approximately 2,000 students ranging from preschool age to grade twelve. the community is proud of the scholastic and extracurricular accomplishments of its students. school activities serve as an important part of the overall student experience and provide social activities for the entire community.


























district twitter feeds


 tweets by @masbigreds






















mas big reds athletic website











click here to visit the mas big reds athletic page



comments (-1)





















directions to district offce


























district information






mr. bryan girbachsuperintendentemail mr. girbachmr. ryan mcmahonassistant superintendentemail mr. mcmahondistrict phone(734) 439-5050district fax(734) 439-5083web page accessibilityweb accessibility commitment 






















adult/community ed






 click here for information about milan area schools adult and community education programs




















mental health resources






community & mental health resources









































address
100 big red drive, milan, mi 48160


phone
734-439-5050


fax
734-439-5083




facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
pinterest
linked in
flickr
vimeo


site map

back to top



site map

back to top









milan area schools does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, (including sexual orientation and transgender identity), disability, age, religion, height, weight, marital or family status, military status, ancestry, genetic information  or any other legally protected category, (collectively, "protected classes"), in its programs and activities, including employment opportunities.









questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















