





starting a gift basket business


 
  
   
  want to get into the gift 
basket business?  "who 
else wants to start their own gift basket business, & earn a fortune working 
in a fun business that you absolutely love!"
"thousands of people just 
like you are getting into the highly profitable (and fun) business of creating 
custom gift baskets... are you next?" 
  
 
   amazing 
new report shows you how to: sell more 
gift baskets than you ever imaginedattract 
new clients like a magnetmake powerful new 
supplier contactsthe most popular types of 
gift baskets...and much much more!
  
    
   
  dear friend,   
if you're thinking about getting into the business of creating custom gift baskets 
for people... creating work that you can be proud of... and finished products 
that will amaze your family and friends (and your paying clients), then this will 
be the most important letter you ever read.   
here's what this is all about.   
my name is sherry miller, and i've just written a new report that will teach you 
all the insider's secrets for diving head first into the wonderful word of gift 
basket creation. i'm going to teach you how to get deep discounts on supplies, 
and build a business that's so booming and profitable, your friends will swear 
you paid a fortune & spent years to learn how to do it.
 creating 
a gift basket business can be one of the most rewarding careers you'll ever choose, 
but only if you do it right.   
i created this special report, because i see so many new gift basket professionals 
going about things the wrong way (adding months to their learning curve, and 
virtually assuring that they'll remain broke and unnoticed for a very long time!).   
when i first got involved with gift baskets, i dove in head first and didn't learn 
about my new career first. i ended up learning a lot of things the hard way, wasting 
months and years figuring things out by trial and error. i don't want the same 
thing to happen to you.   the truth 
is, there are some really amazing little tricks that are kept under lock & 
key by the worlds richest gift basket professionals, and for good reason... they 
don't want their secrets to get out!   
but now you don't have to wade through mountains of useless information in order 
to find the real nuggets. becoming a successful gift basket creator is really 
simple, if you just follow the easy plan that i clearly lay out for you in my 
new report. you'll learn what to do first, and what never to do (and 
certainly everything in between).  wait 
stop! take just a minute to grab yourself a free copy of the my new mini-course
  free 
mini-course    
 "5 secrets 
of creating  a wildly profitable gift basket business" 
  (they work every time!)
enter your email address below...
 
 
 first 
name   e-mail address 
  
you will receive the first 
lesson in a matter of seconds.  note: 
we will never share your information with anyone! -- your privacy is very 
important to us!  that's 
why you need to learn these insider's secrets that have taken me years to figure 
out. you'll learn things like... how 
to create gift baskets that appeal to both men and women, so you can capture even 
more business.  the 
#1 secret to creating a gift basket that amazes your client practically guarantees 
a flood of referrals and repeat business!  the 
one type of client that will bring you more repeat business than anything else 
(and why knowing this will give you tons of year round business).  an 
easy to follow checklist of all the special equipment you'll need (save 
yourself hours of time searching for everything you need to run your business). 
 what the absolute most popular 
kind of basket to make is (and how to blow away your clients with your own 
unique creations).  a simple 
way to get free traffic to your website (hint: you already do it everyday). 
 how to build an amazingly profitable 
gift basket business that your competition envy, insuring they'll be insanely 
jealous and desperate to know your secrets!  a 
simple planning secret that will literally save you months of boring research
(it's not what you think, and this simple trick will allow you to get up & 
running quicker than you ever imagined).  how 
to create your gift basket business so that it can easily grow larger and larger 
(many people forget this step, and then when they decide to expand their business, 
it's too late).  the one 
vital fact you must consider before you choose the type of clients 
you work with, and why ignoring it could easily mean the difference between having 
a business you can enjoy, or having a "job" that makes your life a living 
hell!  a little-known method for 
building your gift basket portfolio that will attract clients like crazy (you'd 
be shocked if you knew how quickly a great portfolio will bring you a ton of business 
once you take this vital step).  4 
types of gift baskets that you must offer if you plan on being a big success 
(and why missing any one of these is a guaranteed way to send potential business 
to your competitors).  the absolutely 
foolproof, step-by-step formula for quickly crafting the most beautiful 
gift basket website on the internet.  simple 
tricks professionals use to attract all the clients they could ever want on the 
internet (it's easy to do once you know the secret, and you'll thank god that 
you learned this before you started your business)!  9 
critical questions you must have answered before you choose 
your put your gift basket website on the internet (and why skipping this step 
this is a guaranteed way to spend a lot of unnecessary money on advertising to 
people who will never buy from you).  how 
to compel your clients to buy even more from you (smart gift basket creators 
do this every day, and your competition is hoping you'll never find this 
out).  how to turn your existing 
clients into a "mini-goldmine" that allows you to effortlessly cash 
in big without spending a dime in advertising!   
as you can see, you can build a much better career by simply learning all these 
tips, tricks & time saving shortcuts that the professionals use every single 
day. and the good news is that now you can have access to them all in my new report 
called... "the insider's guide to becoming 
a successful travel agent".  this 
is great way for you to reach inside my bag of tricks, so you can get started 
in your new career right away.   
you'll learn so much from this report, that you'll be amazed at all the new options 
that are available to you. whether you want to open up your own small gift basket 
business out of your home, or if you want to work for a company and get paid a 
great salary with benefits... you need the kind of insider's 
information that's contained in this report.   
you'll not only make more money from each and every sale, and have more fun doing 
it, but you'll also save a ton of money by avoiding all the common pitfalls that 
suck money out of your pocket, and suck the fun out of your career.   
since this report was just released on the market, we're offering it at a special 
price for the first 100 customers. right now, instead of paying the full price 
of 50 dollars, you can get it for only $29.95.   
that's a painless drop in the bucket when you consider that 
you'll easily save dozens of hours worth of research (and hundreds of dollars 
on useless books and courses). now 
you can have all the secrets laid out for you in one easy-to-follow report.   
isn't it worth it for you to invest less than the cost of a dinner for 2 to make 
sure that you not only build a successful gift basket business, but that you get 
to actually  enjoy it too?   
being a professional gift basket creator is one of the most fun careers you can 
have, because you'll get to be creative, and use your talents to amaze your clients 
by giving them something completely unique each time they do business with you.   
if you're serious about getting into the gift basket business, then you owe it 
to yourself to take a look at this brand new report. i'm not a professional writer. 
i'm just an average jane who stumbled onto some real 
secrets over the years, and now i'm offering you a chance to take advantage 
of my experience.   that's why i've 
decided to be overly generous and take all of the risk off your shoulders.
here's how. when you order this report today...
you can try 
it risk-free for a full 56 days!  
    
     
100% money back guarantee! you can have instant 
access to all of my secrets risk free! if you are ever dissatisfied for any reason, 
i will issue you a full and complete refund with no questions asked. i can't get 
any more fair than that. i want to treat you the way i wish other businesses treated 
me.   
go ahead and  click the order button 
below. you'll be taken to a special page where you can place your order, 
and then you'll be able to instantly download this electronic report right to 
your computer. it's super easy to do, and opening it only takes 2 seconds (literally).   
go ahead and get your hands on this report now, while it's fresh in your mind. 
we expect to sell the first hundred copies within a matter of days. you can lock 
in this special low price by placing your order now.$only 
29.95
instant 
access purchase online with credit card by secure serverclick 
here now to download your copy! it doesn't 
matter if it's 2:00 a.m. in the morning! warmly, 
sherry miller   p.s. - remember, 
you'll get instant access to all of my best secrets for becoming a wildly successful 
gift basket professional, and enjoying all the perks and benefits this career 
has to offer (but only if you know the secrets behind it). you're actually saving 
time & money by grabbing this report,  
so place your order right now. starting 
a gift basket business 1563 solano ave., #306 berkeley, california 
94707contact 
uscopyright 
 - startyourowngiftbasketbusiness.com
 affiliate 
program


