




ann nicholson haralambie, attorney, p.c. | tucson child custody and child welfare lawyer









































ann m. haralambie is a certified child welfare law specialist, national association of counsel for children, a former certified family law specialist (1993-9/1/2024), and a martindale-hubbell av® preeminent™ rated attorney in private practice in tucson, arizona since 1977. her practice is restricted to family and child welfare cases, with an emphasis on custody, child abuse, and child advocacy. the practice is child-focused and seeks to minimize the harm which often occurs when child custody is litigated.
ms. haralambie is also an author and a national and international speaker and trainer for professional groups on topics related to custody, child abuse, and child advocacy. she serves as a consultant to and member of a number of national organizations dealing with family and child welfare law. she has served in a number of leadership roles within the legal and child welfare communities. (see résumé for details.)
initial consultations, which generally last between one and two hours, are available for a flat fee of $500. we accept checks, money orders, cash, zelle, and paypal only (no credit or debit cards). at this time i am doing strictly child-related work (not financial or property cases). note that i am currently accepting only a limited number of new clients.  
read my article, for the national association of counsel for children, on some changes i have observed in the child welfare field over the past 40 years and the need to ask state and local legislators about the child welfare system here: as the pendulum swings guardian article.  my newest peer-reviewed article is responding to the unacknowledged trauma and disenfranchised grief in infant adoption (family court review, october 2024).  

paternity (unmarried parents)
third party custody and visitation (grandparents, stepparents, foster parents, de facto parents)
modification of custody/visitation
interstate custody
parenting agreements (pre- and post-decree, unmarried parents, lgbt parents)
child sexual abuse
international child abduction (hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction)
indian child welfare act
dependency (dcs)
termination of parental rights
guardianship of children
stepparent adoption
private adoption (note: we do not find children or match birth parents)
representation of adoption and child welfare agencies
appeals

upcoming speaking/conference schedule:



aba family law section fall meeting, palm springs, ca, september 24-18, 2024
uniform law commission indian child welfare act issues drafting committee meeting, new orleans, la, december 13-14, 2024
carnegie hall choir, “an irish christmas concert,” new york city, december 15-16, 2024
author event, tucson festival of books, tucson, az, march 15-16, 2025
aba family law section spring meeting. white sulphur springs, wv, april 6-9, 2025
uniform law commission indian child welfare act issues drafting committee meeting, april 25-26, 2025
now available:
my new, award-winning book, not nicholson: the story of a first daughter, an adoption search and reunion memoir (wheatmark, 2023), is now available from amazon at ​​https://amzn.to/3oy1j8r and from all major online book sellers. the book is available as a paperback and ebook (all formats). it is the recipient of a literary titan gold book award. if you read the book, please post an honest review or rate it wherever you bought it.








	office location*
	1785 e. skyline dr.,
	suite 165
      	tucson, arizona 85718
*we do not regularly check mail at this address

telephone: 520-327-6287

mailing addresse: 
	3661 n. campbell avenue, pmb #130
	tucson, az 85719-1527

hours by appointment only.
[we have left twitter]
follow on threads @haralambielaw 
follow at mastodon @haralambielaw


 ann m. haralambierated by super lawyersloading ... 
10.0ann m haralambie
view lawyer's profile



ann nicholson haralambie, attorneys, p.c. 






home | 
		
ann haralambie's books | 
			
ann haralambie's articles | 
			
useful resources |
office hours, map, and directions | 
			
initial consultations | 
			
contact | 
			
speaking requests




			© copyright 2024 ann m. haralambiewebsite design by the late katherine howard




