








your guide to interpreting signs and symbolic meanings






























































skip to content




menu 

animal totems
astrology meanings
dream meanings
nature symbols
good luck symbols
love symbols
number meanings
symbolism for guidance











































animal totems
astrology meanings
dream meanings
nature symbols
good luck symbols
love symbols
number meanings
symbolism for guidance
 






whats-your-sign.com
tips on interpreting signs and symbolic meanings






home
about
blog
site map
contact
shop!






search for:



 



                        menu        




home
about
blog
site map
contact
shop!
 













your ultimate guide to interpreting signs and symbolic meanings 





symbolic meaning of leaves
how to see aura colors (and why you should)
leaders and scientists who believe in astrology and divine guidance
clarity now! how psychic readings can help you get clear about your life's direction
are you a starseed? what it is, and tips to find out if you are one.
cherokee story of the crow, hawk, and eagle - lessons about responsibility & community
dream interpretations: meaning of flying in dreams
simple steps to mastering alternative thinking
symbolism and meaning of the twelve houses in astrology
rituals for every moon phase




hot symbolic topics and signs for the month of february 2025
meaning of february full moon names
february meaning & symbolism for the month
spirit animals for the month of february
snow moon of february (feb 12th) – what it is, symbolism, meaning, and more
wood snake symbolism for the chinese lunar new year
international polar bear day meaning and stuff to do this february 27th
s.w.a.k!symbolic topics for valentine’s day


valentine’s day wolf connections in history


valentine’s day symbols and meanings




meaning of rose colors for valentine’s day

saint valentine: symbols, legends, and more 



love symbols and their meanings


heart symbol meaning


what’s new pussy cat? most recent posts on whats-your-sign
tips for using tarot to find direction during doubtful moments
simple breathing techniques to calm your mind and reduce anxiety
symbolism and meaning of february full moon names
wood snake symbolism for the chinese lunar new year
microdosing for managing stress and boosting energy
manifesting astrological goals with eft tapping
do twin flames have a psychic connection? the truth about spiritual love
beyond the crystal ball: questions that unveil your future
how red is used in symbolism in different cultures

avia’s latest symbolic video topics







read the full article: symbols for memorial & honoring loved ones who have passed on
have you ever asked,“what’s my sign?”-or-“what does this mean?”if so, you’re in the right place!
whats-your-sign.com (wys) is a comprehensive guide to symbolic meanings and interpreting signs in our environment. with hundreds of free articles, tutorials, resources, and content features, this website is your go-to resource.
maybe you are new to the concept of interpreting signs and symbols. that’s okay! you will find easy-to-follow tips, examples, and great stories that will help you fully understand the exciting realm of symbolism. 
or, perhaps you are an expert in translating the language of signs and symbols. that’s okay too!  this site offers highly advanced insights into the world of symbolic meanings. signs and symbols run like rivers through our lives. because they are constant, we owe it to ourselves to closely investigate their meanings.
in short, understanding symbolism equips us for better living. adopting the power of symbolism helps us learn more about ourselves and our world. incorporating the interpretation of signs and symbols into our lives serves us in areas of self-discovery and self-expression.

your guide to interpreting signs and symbolic meanings. avia at whats-your-sign.com
get the good stuff. search 100s of articles on signs and symbolic meanings on this site.search wys
go wild! animal signs, symbolism, & more
getting to know celtic animals and their meanings
animal lucky charms
animal symbolism beaver
animal totems
animals in dreams
symbolic bear meaning





planets, stars, luminaries, oh my! astrology topics & zodiac sign meanings
chinese zodiac signs
about astrology 101: astrology basics and more
burmese zodiac animal signs
celtic animal signs
native american animal zodiac signs
lucky days for zodiac signs

here you will find hundreds of pages about interpreting signs and symbols. each article is well-researched and crafted with the highest integrity. this website was created over 18 years ago with the goal of bringing insight into the language of symbolism. 
the author of this site, avia, continues to add thought-provoking, quality articles on symbolic meanings. why? because after decades of living a symbolic life, avia is still passionate about sharing uncommon meanings in our everyday lives that make our experiences special and profound.
how signs and symbolic meanings enhance our lives
understanding sign and symbol meanings allows us to learn more about our past, present, and future. this leads to broader awareness on many levels. by tapping into the meanings of symbols and signs, we gain wisdom in critical areas such as:
♦ philosophy♦ inner awareness♦ global awareness♦ cultural diversity♦ personal growth♦ personal identity♦ collective community
our universe is constantly communicating with us. paying attention to our environment, and listening to our inner voice can lead to explosive self-evolution and enlightenment.
by learning various cultural and archetypal meanings of symbols, we can utilize those meanings for guidance in solving real-life problems. this website was created with a goal to share the infinite possibilities of symbolism as a catalyst for self-development and collective awareness.
on whats-your-sign.com, we’ll explore topics such as♦ the relevance of symbolism in our lives♦ differences between signs and symbols♦ symbolic meanings according to era and  cultures♦ how to use symbolism for self-discovery and life guidance
an odyssey of number meanings
spiritual meaning of numbers
recurring number meanings
birthday numerology

how numerology shapes our learning environments
numerology & ai: how ai detector tools contribute to numerology
how numerology affects personal development

want more? me too. check out these enticing topics
tips for using tarot to find direction during doubtful moments
simple breathing techniques to calm your mind and reduce anxiety
the power of prioritizing yourself and managing your energy
microdosing for managing stress and boosting energy
manifesting astrological goals with eft tapping
do twin flames have a psychic connection? the truth about spiritual love

interpreting signs and symbols isn’t always easy. that’s why this website was created. whats-your-sign.com serves as your source for reliable information. there is meaning in everything, and this website aims to help you on your path of discovery. simply click around, or use the search feature to explore something that catches your interest.




 so what’s your sign? not sure? no problem! try searching for whatever inspires you!
searchsearch
this website prides itself on being the forerunner of well-researched information on signs and symbols. why? because time and time again, avia has witnessed peace and healing when we make an effort to interpret symbolic meanings and signs. this practice adds rich value to our life experience, and that is why whats-your-sign exists today – to assist in adding value to your life.
mighty brightly,

© copyrighted. all rights reserved.
note: this website is partially funded by advertisements and affiliate links from merchants such as etsy and amazon. read about policies and privacy here.   








whats-your-sign.com (wys) is a trusted etsy affiliate & amazon associate. we also promote certain products we've tested and approved. as such, the website features sponsored products for amazon or etsy or other afiliates. should you make a purchase from a link on this website, wys may receive a small commission. this website also hosts advertisements. please see our policy page for further information. thank you for your purchases, as it contributes to keeping this website online and running.





search this site

search for:



who is avia?









newest posts

tips for using tarot to find direction during doubtful momentsfebruary 14, 2025
simple breathing techniques to calm your mind and reduce anxietyfebruary 11, 2025
the power of prioritizing yourself and managing your energyfebruary 10, 2025
symbolism and meaning of february full moon namesfebruary 6, 2025
wood snake symbolism for the chinese lunar new yearfebruary 4, 2025
microdosing for managing stress and boosting energyfebruary 4, 2025
manifesting astrological goals with eft tappingfebruary 3, 2025
do twin flames have a psychic connection? the truth about spiritual lovefebruary 2, 2025


get avia’s books on amazon!

astrology topics

chinese zodiac signs and moon phases
zodiac signs and meanings
astrological meaning of days
how different zodiac signs approach relationships
how your zodiac sign influences your college writing style


throw us a bone!my dogs and i are always ready to rocket-launch new symbolic ideas your way! help keep this website running (and my boys fed) by contributing.  
please click here to give back. we all thank you!!categories

air/bird meanings (106)

alchemy symbols (8)

amphib/reptile meanings (23)

animal meanings (140)

animal totems (122)

astrology meanings (197)

avia's ancillaries (107)

basic symbol meanings (28)

celtic symbol meanings (73)

chinese symbols (36)

cosmic symbolism (136)

cultural symbolism (113)

dream meanings (42)

energy symbols (95)

family symbols (10)

flower meanings (36)

good luck symbols (35)

holiday symbols (96)

insect meanings (44)

land animal meanings (51)

love symbols (31)

miscellaneous symbols (34)

mythic symbols (84)

native american symbols (46)

nature symbols (150)

number meanings (41)

q and a forum (15)

quick bits (1)

self-help (217)

symbolic meanings (159)

symbolism for guidance (182)

tattoo meanings (72)

tree meanings (31)

water animal meanings (35)

website policies (2)

zodiac signs (147)


search this site

search for:








symbols and signs in nature

the spiritual and symbolic meaning of red sprites
moon meaning and moon symbolism
chinese flowers
native american full moon names
symbolic thunderbolt meaning


policiesthis website uses cookies to improve your user experience. this site also uses affiliate merchants such as amazon or etsy and earns a small commission for purchases made from links found on this website. check out this 
policy page to learn more. 













pay it forward!






this website is fueled by coffee, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and lots of passion. sadly, passion doesn't always pay the bills. if you like this site, 
please consider contributing. thank you!	








tips for using tarot to find direction during doubtful moments
simple breathing techniques to calm your mind and reduce anxiety
the power of prioritizing yourself and managing your energy
symbolism and meaning of february full moon names
wood snake symbolism for the chinese lunar new year


 


© 2005-2024. all rights reserved. all content is protected under copyright law. copying images or content on this website is forbidden unless permission is granted by avia ™ whats-your-sign.complease don't copy. just ask to use my material. all i request is attribution with a link back to my website. i've worked hard for decades to build a solid reputation, i appreciate reciprocating respect by crediting this information if used in your own projects or websites. if you need more information or have questions, contact me here


trending & current topics

7 impressive benefits of writing by hand
smoke cleansing and smudging tips
13 different types of meditations and how they work
writing therapy works
tips to feeling guilt-free about being a hermit


find what you need!

search for:



get socialfacebook

twitter

youtube

pinterest

instagram

linkedin  

contact avia



celtic meaning willow tree
animal symbolism porcupine meaning
spiritual benefits of rubies and top reasons the burmese ruby is the crown jewel for spiritual wellness
poinsettia christmas flower meanings
gemstone meanings zodiac
the role of sounds, mental images, and body movements in astral travel
wedding symbols that will make your big day more meaningful and special
mindful motherhood: finding balance in busy lives


 






					copyright © 2005-2025 whats-your-sign.com				




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept
























