







all america auto transport



















































        
          
            all america auto transport
          
        
      






















































              home
            

              ship my car!
            

            car shipping how-to's
          

            about
          


































































                
                  
                    all america auto transport
                  
                
              
car shipping for 54 years and counting...




homeship my car!car shipping how-to'sabout































60 years, 500,000 cars and counting...
the expertise to ship your car quickly, reliably, and at the best possible rateship my car now!










responsive. reliable. hassle free.
we take care of everything, so you can focus on what matters mostmore information about shipping my car










working for you!
the fastest move at the lowest costship my car today!


























    order form
  

























why all america auto transport?we are a family-owned concierge service with over 50 years of experience shipping cars  door to door  quickly, reliably, and at the lowest possible rate throughout the united states including hawaii and alaska. you let us know when, where, and what car, and we’ll get your car shipped promptly and at the lowest rate possible, providing updates along the way as needed.our interests are always aligned with our customers’. our success depends on satisfied customers, returning and referring their relatives neighbors and business associates.  our goal is  to make every auto shipment hassle free, and that means quick and easy moves.our over 50 years of experience and highly trained staff ensure that we have a small business feel with big business performance. we always answer our phones and we always strive to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction.we deliver your car from door to door! this eliminates the need for any extra handling.all america has built a solid relationship with transport companies over the years. we constantly check ratings and insurance, and monitor your entire move from booking, pick up to delivery.our national network of transporters gives us the means to demand high quality service and competitive market rates every time.you'll find aaat's prices among the most competitive of all licensed car shipping companies. however, you should shop for more than low price.our car shipping services are prompt, efficient and we constantly monitor  shipping rates  so that we can  keep our shipping rates the lowest of all the fully insured, reputable auto movers.common questionshow much will it cost to ship my car?our competitive prices are determined by the size of your vehicle and where it will be delivered. get your free car shipping quote today! all america  accepts all major credit cards, cashier's checks and  personal checks. for cash on delivery (cod) orders, payment must be made with cash or a cashier's check on delivery.how long will it take to transport my car?there are two major factors in determining how long your auto transport will take. first, the distance between pick-up and delivery. and second, how many additional vehicles are with your shipment. other factors, like weather conditions, traffic, and truck maintenance, may lengthen your vehicle's transit time. we recommend submitting your order around two weeks in advance. if you have an urgent situation, let us know and we'll do our very best to accommodate your auto transport as a "priority status." please call us at (800) car-ship or (800) 227-7447 to discuss your needs. get your free car shipping quote today!on average, most coast-to-coast auto relocations take an average of 7 to 10 days. coastal up-and-down moves can take from 3 to 6 days. all america auto transport will keep you well-informed during transit as to the exact date and time your vehicle will arrive at its destination.what kind of truck will my auto be shipped on?either an open carrier, like the trucks you've seen transporting vehicles to and from auto dealerships, or an enclosed carrier, which we recommend if you're shipping a custom or exotic car or truck. please call us at (800) car-ship or (800) 227-7447 or use our free online car shipping quote request if your vehicle will need an enclosed carrier.how do i pay?most people pay a $200 deposit with their order by credit card or personal check and the balance on delivery in cash or cashiers check. you can also pay in full by credit card or personal check prior to shipment. get your free car shipping quote today!how long does it take to have my car picked up for transport, after i've made arrangements?on average, your vehicle will be picked up within one to four days of the scheduled pick-up date you have requested. we can always make special pick-up arrangements to accommodate your schedule. get your free car shipping quote today!can i pack things in my vehicle?generally, we recommend that you do not ship any personal belongings inside your vehicle because insurance is not covered for any objects kept inside the car, any extra weight in the car could damage the vehicle's exhaust system. objects inside the car could move around and damage the interior. however, a few small items packed in the trunk are acceptable.is all america auto transport insured?yes. our carrier's insurance covers the value of any vehicle that we transport. click here to see aaat's contract terms and conditions.can you guarantee a pickup and delivery date?yes, you can ask for a guaranteed delivery date and we will try our best to accommodate your schedule for an additional fee. delays may happen due to bad weather or any hazards. if such delays happen you will be given a status update within 24 hours. what if my vehicle drop-off or pick-up location is inaccessible to the truck?most auto hauling trucks are quite large, up to 75 feet long. this sometimes makes it impossible to reach many residential areas. if that's the case with your auto move, your vehicle mover will attempt to get as close as possible to your delivery location. we can also arrange a convenient location, like a shopping center, to either pick up or deliver your vehicle.do i have to be present when you pick-up or deliver my automobile?you should either be present, or should have a chosen person upon the pick-up and delivery of the vehicle. if so you are selling the vehicle means the buyer should be present at the destination or the other end. if shipper is not available at delivery, vehicle will be delivered to a terminal, and there will be an extra charge for storage and delivery. get your free car shipping quote today!what do i do if my car is damaged during the auto shipping process?car shipping is usually worry free, however if damage occurs and you feel it is directly attributable to the shipping process, note all damage on your inspection report, obtain the driver's signature, and immediately contact your shipping company.what type of insurance coverage do you carry while transporting my car?your vehicle will be fully insured during shipment.








home



body













      
        get a free quote to ship your car now!
      
    


get a quote





              name
              
            



first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              phone
              
            



(###)





###





####





              ship from
              
                *





              ship to
              
                *





              vehicle info
              
                *





              is your car a suv or truck
              
            
 no
 yes



              estimated ship date
              
            



mm





dd





yyyy







thank you, we'll be in touch shortly! in the meantime, you can read our about page for more information. just click here!








all america auto transport
5270 brooklawn terrace,
boynton beach, fl, 33437,
united states
(800) 227-7447
aaat@aaat.com


hours
mon 9am to 5pm
tue 9am to 5pm
wed 9am to 5pm
thu 9am to 5pm
fri 9am to 5pm




homeship my carabout auto transportorder form




aaat@aaat.com | (800) car-ship | (800) 227-7447copyright © 2018 all america auto transport, all rights reserved | premium auto transport services since 1964car shipping contract terms












