





spartantrailer.com – vintage spartan trailers




























































skip to content







 





main menu




home
history
resources
sales
merchandise




search




search for:



 

0 items 

 
 



































all aluminum trailercoaches 




the largest online resource dedicated to the preservation and promotion of vintage spartan aircraft trailercoaches 

















history 










resources 










sales 










merchandise 
















on this site, learn how famed oil tycoon, j. paul getty, turned a small aircraft company into a luxury trailer manufacturing enterprise. view a photo database of various model spartan trailers categorized by year. see beautiful spartan trailer interior shots. review resources on spartan trailercoach documentation. read and enter in on facebook discussions related to this subject. link to other sites with vintage trailer related material. find restoration tips and resources.  as one of this site’s main resources,  the spartantrailer.com  site has the largest database of, for sale, and sold spartan aircraft trailers. this site, spartantrailer.com is one of the best sources for researching and purchasing a vintage spartan trailer. newly added, unique spartan trailer merchandise can be purchased from this site.  as an owner of a spartan and enthusiast of spartan trailercoaches i have created this site so that everyone can share this resource. if you have any information on this subject which you would like to contribute or if you would like to repost information from this site, please contact me. thank you,david pumphrey   
















































this site is possible because of contributions from enthusiasts like you 










if you would like to make a donation to keep this site running please click the link below to make a gift through paypal  







paypal donation


















 


 























spartanmanor@hotmail.com 


































copyright © 2025 spartantrailer.com powered by spartantrailer.com












 












































































