




web design san diego seo web training company nozzie










 


san diego web design services since 2000
portfolio
contact 
 about 
 why 



web  site design

interface design
web site re-design
flash web design
web usability
web design for social media
ecommerce web design


 seo/ marketing

seo search engine optimization
sem search engine marketing
web usability
pay-per-click advertising


web training

html/ css training
dreamweaver training
flash training
internet marketing training









creating profitable web sites for small business
 17 years experience . functional web design . cost effective . long term profits . top ranking in search engines


web site design
web design san diego 
do you need a (better) web site?
to have a succesful business you need to get a  significant amount of targeted traffic to your web site and have very effective  web usability, to achieve a cost effective conversion rate. 
now: get your web site ready for 2017 with a responsive web site, to make sure every device can view your web site in an optimal way!

web site design 
          resposive web design, cost-effective, functional, roi
improve existing web site
        better web usability: more sales
top ranking in search engines
          #1 in google, yahoo, bing

nozzie is specializing in ecommerce web design for small business: create a web site, drive traffic, add shopping cart, user friendly interface, sales to international customers. 
popular inegration for web design:

activity feed facebook 

seo keywords: 
web design san diego
        seo web design san diego
         web design company san diego



internet marketing
seo web design san diego
nozzie provides several cost-effective solutions to get a significant amount of new clients to your web site and convert more visitors to clients due to improved web usability.
search engine optimization

           seo (search engine optimization) can be very significant for obtaining new customers to your web site on a cost effective way. top ranking in search engines means significant more (targeted) traffic to the web site. seo should be applied when designing the web site.
web usability

          getting all that traffic to your web site does not mean you will sell your product/ service. improving the conversion rate is essential. creating a functional web site where customers can find what they are looking for, and understand why to choose your company.


training/ consulting
ecommerce web design san diego
          
interested in learning how to create/ maintain a web site? 
i personally train professionals to get knowledge in web design and internet marketing. training/ consulting provided on-site.
independent consultant

not sure which company to hire to get your web site done?
get an independent consultation about how to hire the web design company you really need.
        web design training courses:
        
html/ css training
dreamweaver training
flash training
internet marketing training

seo - search engine optimization 
          learn how to design/ re-design your web site to generate significant more  sales from your web site.




profitable web sites
how to make a web site a profitable web site? 
getting significant more potential clients to your web site through search engines.
converting more visitors into customers means more sales.


seo or ppc?
search engine optimization or pay-per-click advertising? 
paying the large online advertising companies a good idea?
how to  advertise online effectively? how to achieve top ranking in search engines without paying for advertisements?


new web design trends
web development has come a long way. nozzie is going back to the year 2000 when html were hand coded in notepad and viewed in ie and netscape. frontpage was the popular html editor, but dreamweaver took over soon.
currently web design for all devices seems key. you do not want to have a web design company redesign your web site just for a phone or ipad. it would be more efficient to have "responsive design" which web site would look great on all devices.





news
ppc marketing, retargeting and more. how do we get new customers (at a decent price) and how make existing customer purchase again (2017)?
you might have figured out that wordpress web site might be affordable but do these web site really are a money maker? do you really want to compete or be the best?
interesting developments are: 
remarketing: re-targeting visitors to your web site, the ads will follow them on other web sites to come back and complete the purchase.
responsive design: with multiple devices accessing the internet, the size of the web site has to be adjusted based of the device, responsive web design does that.
bootstrap, jquery, which focuses on responsive design (all devices) adn easy javscript (animation) integration.
why nozzie?

20 years seo experience
extensive knowledge in business management/ marketing
#1 ranking in search engines for dozens of web sites at reasonable cost
reliable, professional

keep maintenance cost low

need help with your shopify shoppincart web site? 

        shopify ecommerce
      
web site design
200+ web sites created since 2000

search engine optimization
        #1 ranking in google, yahoo, bing for dozens of keyword phrases

 web design training classes
        learn how to make your own web sites with personal web training:
      html, css, flash, javascript, ajax

 
web site design for a small business
      get a no-nonsense web site online within weeks. potential visitors can find you in search engines and company info and contact in
start-up ecommere web design
      i will tell you straight to the point or your new ideas for launching a ecommerce web site will make sense, what the cost will be to maintain and how realistic it is the web site will be profitable for the long term.
 



 web design san diego | seo san diego | web design training san diego
web site design : ecommerce web site design | basic web site design | flash web site design
seo internet marketing: seo search engine optimization | sem search engine marketing | web usability | ppc marketing
web design classes : web design training | html training | css training | flash training | ecommerce training
© 2000 - 2017 nozzie websolutions 
    san diego, ca - web design - internet marketing - seo search engine optimization - web design training  





