






mumford metal casting | precision metal casting solutions













































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footermumford metal castingmumford metal casting — aluminum and zinc die castingabout

history
casting 101


services

high-pressure die casting
sand casting
machining
engineering


industries

automotive
heavy equipment
industrial
recreational
lighting
furniture
agriculture
marine


locations
contact
 


mumford metal casting
mumford metal casting offers the wide spectrum of casting processes, materials and expertise to tailor an innovative solution for your products and parts.
learn more >




mumford metal casting advantage


stability
mumford metal casting brings over 50 years of experience to every one of your projects. we also bring a deeply rooted financial structure, great relationships with our lenders and no outside investors. our vision for the future is ours alone, with a commitment to growth to always meet the needs of our customers.


synergy
our teams of experts at all of our locations share best practices – while also engaging in a little friendly competition – in order to deliver the best value and results for you. this collaborative, cut-the-red-tape approach includes a streamlined reporting system that adds direct value in every aspect of our business.


scale
our approach gives you the best of both worlds. we achieve the benefits of scale of a large corporation. at the same time, our ability to be flexible and nimble translates into execution like a fine-tuned, single-shop operation. our customers receive twice the resources by having access to a multitude of capabilities that are also cost-effective.



 

our expertise
no two customers or projects are alike. that is why mumford metal casting offers a broad spectrum of production processes including high-pressure die casting, sand casting and permanent mold casting, using appropriate alloys including aluminum, brass and bronze, and an array of engineering expertise among our multiple locations. while we are multifaceted, we are also known for our adaptability and responsiveness, in order to stay within your budget and timetable while maintaining high standards. our engineers and team members collaborate with our customers right from the start to ensure innovative solutions in every aspect of your project.






we serve these major industries	


automotive


heavy equipment


industrial


recreational




lighting


furniture


agriculture


marine




footer copyright © 2024 mumford metal casting. all rights reserved.

 careers  |  privacy policy  |
















