







tulsa performing arts center






































events
community
support
visit
about







  
















0








        skip to content
      






























tickets



        donate
      













                    login
                  






open menu
close menu


































tickets



        donate
      













                    login
                  






open menu
close menu






















tickets




                  donate
                






                login
              

































upcoming events















clue
celebrity attractionsfebruary 11-16murder and blackmail are on the menu when six mysterious guests assemble at boddy manor for a night they’ll never forget! was it mrs. peacock in the study with the knife? or was it colonel mustard in the library with the wrench?




                        get tickets
                      












trouble in mind
theatre northfebruary 15-23set during rehearsals for a major broadway production, trouble in mind illuminates the inner life of a black actress struggling with her career. alice childress's 1955 play – which finally premiered on broadway in 2021 – is a funny, moving and heartbreaking look at racism, identity and ego in the high-stakes world of new york theatre.




                        get tickets
                      












the tragedy of carmen
tulsa opera february 21-23a wildfire of passion ignites the moment disgraced nobleman-turned-soldier don josé meets the beautiful, free-spirited roma woman, carmen, but it soon burns out of control, threatening to consume them both. you’ll enjoy the most beloved musical gems and dramatic moments from georges bizet’s blockbuster score in this compact, intimate, and scorching adaptation of prosper mérimée’s original story. 




                        get tickets
                      












underneath a magical moon
tpac imagination seriesfebruary 27underneath a magical moon is set in an ordinary back garden where three children, wendy, john and michael, do a sleep out, one summer evening. however, it's a full moon, and wendy just can't get to sleep and she begins to tell her brothers the story of peter pan.




                        get tickets
                      












alice in wonderland
tulsa balletfebruary 27-march 2the event of the decade!  for the first time in the 68 year history of the company, tulsa ballet will present alice in wonderland.  and not “just” any alice in wonderland:  a brand-new version of this tale, one that will join the permanent repertory of the company for decades to come!




                        get tickets
                      












dear evan hansen
celebrity attractions & tpacmarch 4-5declared “one of the most remarkable shows in musical theater history” by the washington post, dear evan hansen is the first musical to take a groundbreaking look — from the point of view of both the parents and young people — at our complex, interconnected, and social media-filled lives.




                        get tickets
                      












notos quartet
chamber music tulsamarch 7-9the notos quartet is one of the most celebrated, young, chamber ensembles to emerge in recent years - praised for its virtuoso brilliance, passion, sensitivity, and mature interpretive powers. founded in 2007, the berlin-based piano quartet first drew attention winning first prize in six major international competitions.




                        get tickets
                      












bejeweled
tpac luminary circlemarch 11join us for a glitzy evening, from 7-9 p.m., as we highlight the gorgeous work of chris vanndy, complete with live music, an open bar and passed hors d'oeuvres.




                        get tickets
                      









































































    view all events
  







































































supporting our community



few things bring us together, build understanding and allow us to reimagine the world like the arts. that is why we believe it is crucial that everyone be allowed to experience art, to create art and to understand the art of others. our community engagement initiatives are part of our mission to ensure everyone has a place in the arts in tulsa.




    explore our programs
  















our communitysupporting us



we offer many ways for our community to get involved in helping us provide arts for all. the luminary circle, our membership program, offers incredible perks for individual donors, including access to tulsa’s brand-new world-class lounge, lafortune studio. there are also opportunities like the tpac ambassador program.




    explore ways to support the tpac
  














resident partners






















































































calendar        |        season tickets        |        tpac presents        |        tpac produces        |        ticket office















any given child        |        arts in the air        |        brown bag it        |        costume collection        |        discovery awards        |        facility grantsimagination series        |        orbit arts festival        |        create tulsa        |        theatre development fund        |        next narrative














luminary circle membership        |        donate        |        nyc trip        |        corporate sponsorships        |        legacy givingmonthly giving        |        volunteering        |        donor privacy














plan your visit        |        intermission magazine        |        art collection














about us        |        venue rental information        |        lafortune studio        |        presenter portal        |        partner portal        |       luminary portalboard of trustees        |        staff        |        employment opportunities        |        contact






















































































e-newsletter signup










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *








thank you!






918.596.7111contact us110 e 2nd st tulsa, ok 74103

events

calendar
season tickets
tpac presents
tpac produces

ticket office

community

any given child

arts in the air

brown bag it

costume collection

discovery awards

facility grants

imagination series

orbit arts festival

create tulsa

theatre development fund

next narrative
support

luminary circle

donate

nyc trip

corporate sponsorships

legacy giving

monthly giving

volunteering

donor privacy policy

visit

plan your visit

intermission magazine

art collection
about

about tpac

venue rental information

lafortune studio

presenter portal

partner portal

luminary portal

board of trustees

staff

employment opportunites

contact































