
      citizens bank | community partners in your financial success
    




skip to main contentskip to footerdownload adobe® acrobat reader to view pdf documents.citizens bank home page 
winter weather alert:
for information about changes to your local branch operating hours, please contact our customer care center at 1-844-770-7100 (mon - fri: 8am-7pm). 
 
in observance of presidents day all citizens bank branches will be closed monday, february 17, 2025.access your account(s) with digital banking or find available moneypass & allpoint network atm locations to access your accounts and/or withdraw cash with your citizens bank debit card.
 close alert× 
      citizens bank | community partners in your financial success
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government  citizens bank search  menu  login/enroll online bankingusername  forgot passwordenrollsearch term  search 

personal


personal checking

 personal savings

digital banking

 - insights by citizens bank

personal loans

online security

order checks



business


business banking services

-  business checking

-  business savings

-  business loans

-  merchant services

-  digital banking for business

-  remote deposit capture

online security

order checks



about


history

corporate culture

shareholders/ financials

careers

locations

branch & atm locator

contact us

citizens in the community

citizens bank scholarship

faq



 
citizens bank scholarship
attention oregon high school seniors, the citizens bank scholarship application deadline is february 28, 2025. be sure to schedule your branch visit soon.
 
learn more & apply
    how can we help you?  with citizens bank, you’ll get the trusted service and experience you deserve.  contact us  personal banking  personal checking
personal savings
personal loans  digital banking
order checks  business banking  business checking
business savings
business loans
merchant services  digital banking 
remote deposit capture
order checks explore citizens bank   questions? we’re here to help.    protect your online information.    explore our financial calculators    subscribe to our email list    community bank week scholarship    
citizens in the community
    phishing scams: don't take the bait    banking at home or on-the-go.
    citizens bank or app, whenever, wherever.    
find a branch or atm near you.
  citizens bank is where you are with 15 branches across 13 communities in the willamette valley.  we also offer access to the allpoint and moneypass networks of surcharge free atms with tens of thousands atms nationwide.   branch & atm locator  
personal checking
simple solutions or accounts with a custom feel, we are here to meet your banking needs.


compare accounts  
business checking
big or small we have an account that is right for you.

compare accounts  
allpoint and moneypass atm locator
the allpoint and moneypass networks offers tens of thousands surcharge-free atms from coast to coast, located in most areas that you live, work and travel.
find an atm near you     "i can always count on the team at citizens bank to help me with any financial situation, even if they can't be the solution, they always point me in the right direction."   - jilinda lewis, philomath animal hospital    "citizens bank employees have been tremendously kind and helpful whenever we visit the bank with our needs and questions. b&g is very appreciative for everything that citizens bank has done for the company as a whole."  - van g. decker, b&g logging          "we chose citizens bank because we know they share our values of putting community first. not only do they make our banking experience easy, but they engage in their customers and invest in our community every day, we truly appreciate all they do for us!  dennis bennett, timber supply co. inc.         lending tailored to your business needs.
our loan officers are focused on helping local businesses succeed and are ready to help you take your business to the next level.

business loans      banking on the go
whether at home or on the go, the citizens bank or app gives you secure access to your account.  check balances, deposit checks, customize security alerts, and more. find it on the apple app store or google play store today.
learn more about our app back to tophave a question?
leave me blank for have a question.

full name email address message send message there was an error submitting the form×please complete the field below to prove you are not a robot




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


submit captcha thank you! helpful links

locations

privacy

community reinvestment act

lost/stolen card 888-297-3416call us 844-770-7100additional© citizens bank. all rights reserved. created by profitstars®member fdic



