













thirsty ear – alternative music



















 











home
artists
albums
tour
news













menu



home
artists
albums
tour
news



...a blueprint for the shape of jazz to come.
rollingstone.com 


 



featured releases








piano song








still life with trouble








tomeka reid quartet








electric fruit








hamada








light made lighter








high water








optometry








dawn to dreams



 

 



latest news


august 29, 2024


lifting the sky’s ” dawn to dreams” ground breaking recording out now

lifting the sky’s (lts) debut album, “dawn to dreams” defies classification and does so by blending ambient, instrumental and meditative gestures with notes of resilience woven through the songs.  the lts approach is to engage the listener through the extraordinary properties of the alchemy singing bowls by stimulating brain entrainment as it is interwoven within… read more »





september 27, 2019


mary halvorson receives the 2019 macarthur “genius” award

the macarthur fellows program, macarthur fellowship, commonly but unofficially known as a “genius grant“, is a prize awarded annually by the john d. and catherine t. macarthur foundation typically to between 20 and 30 individuals, working in any field, who have shown “extraordinary originality and dedication in their creative pursuits and a marked capacity for self-direction” and are citizens… read more »





february 1, 2018


matthew shipp trio sells out carnegie hall

thirsty ear recordings congratulates the matthew shipp trio with michael bisio and newman t. baker and special guest roscoe mitchell for their sold out show at the storied venue carnegie hall on january 27, 2018. the ny times heralded this performance by saying, “matthew shipp… is one of the more influential members of the new york jazz… read more »






 







links
home
about
contact
distributor information
legal




copyright
© 2025 thirsty ear.
distributor information



credits site designed and unleashed by creature
follow 

 
 
 
 
 


























 


 
