







cosmetic - plastic surgery - santa rosa






























cosmetic – plastic surgery – santa rosa








home

happy family pharmacy


dr. marcus

meet dr. markus
cosmetic surgery staff
cosmetic surgery center
introductory video


contact

contact dr. marcus
find our location
request a consultation
receive our newsletter
financing options


face

facelift
neck lift
eyelid  surgery
brow lift
laser skin resurfacing
lip augmentation
ear reshaping
facial implant


body

tummy tuck
liposuction
mommy makeover
arm lift – brachioplasty
body contouring


breast

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast augmentation – lift
breast reduction
breast reduction – male


skin care

skin care news
skin center introduction
skin tightening methods
restylane – sculptra
botox injections
laser skin resurfacing
scar revision
facial peels
beauty products


photos

arm lift
breast augmentations
brow lift
ear reshaping
eyelid  surgery
facial implants
laser skin resurfacing
lip augmentation
tummy tuck
ultherapy photos


media

cosmetic surgery video by dr. marcus
fractional laser video by dr. marcus


testimonials

patient testimonials


 







                beauty is a lifestyle choice
            



















            did you know dr. marcus is a top contributor on realself - the nation's most respected cosmetic & plastic
            surgeon review and resource sites?
            real patients share their experiences with dr. marcus at the cosmetic surgery & laser center.
        
please browse the photo gallery of our cosmetic & plastic surgery
                patients to see astounding results!
view before & after photos

new skin tightening & cellulite reduction for the face and body. call to
                schedule an appointment or attend a regularly scheduled open house & receive 20% off package prices.





meet dr. marcus

by david e. marcus, m.d.
as you embark on the path toward improving your appearance through cosmetic surgery and other non-surgical techniques, i will listen to you carefully, assess your individual needs and desires, and work with you to create an aesthetic approach that is “just right.” throughout your experience, my staff and i will provide you with the utmost in personalized and professional care in a safe, caring and nurturing environment. it is our ultimate goal that you will look back after surgery, feeling great about yourself and knowing that you made the right decision.
~ dr. marcus
learn more

 
welcome video
            the decision to have cosmetic surgery can change your outlook. this video will give you a tour of our
            facilities and introduction to our services.
            
testimonials
 david e. marcus, m.d. has received numerous unsolicited testimonials from satisfied patients.
read testimonials

fabulous results!

before & after photos of our santa rosa cosmetic surgery patients. please feel free to contact our
                friendly staff with your questions.
view photos

consultations
are you considering cosmetic surgery with david e. marcus, m.d. in santa rosa, ca? our process is
                friendly and care-free! simply complete and submit the online form or call us at:
                707-526-1428.consult now
obtain financing
financing options give you the flexility and opportunity to have the cosmetic or laser skin care
                procedures in santa rosa you desire. we can help you determine which option is right for you.
learn more







latest news




can i get approved for a plastic surgery loan in georgia?


 
until recently, plastic surgery was comparable to magic, but in reality it could only be used by show business stars, actors or famous politicians. this limited use of plastic surgery was due to several factors: a small number of medical professionals in this area, too high prices and the absence of clinics in georgia. now…






acne scarring – deep wrinkle reduction

treatment benefits of venus viva decreases visible signs of acne scarring evens out skin tone and texture controls pigmentation lesions tightens lax skin diminishes visible pores reduces fines lines and deep wrinkles resurfaces the skin around the eyes a series of treatments at 2-4 week intervals is recommended for optimal correction; the number of treatments…






wine’s rolein anti-aging

harvest is in full swing in sonoma county and napa, so in observance of this exciting time, we’re shining a spotlight on the almighty grape! resveratrol is a natural antioxidant that has a reputation as a longevity molecule. red wine is a rich source of resveratrol, but does it have any benefits applied topically? mathilde…








lose the love handles with coolsculpting in santa rosa!

coolsculpting has arrived in santa rosa, ca at the cosmetic surgery & laser center! we are excited to announce the availability of this revolutionary non-invasive method to reduce unwanted body fat such as those troublesome love handles. with the coolsculpting method, fat cells are frozen and eliminated by the body naturally. there is no down…






july newsletter 2014 – the truth about sunscreen you need to know

 truth about sunscreen you need to know we all know by now that using baby oil and baking in the sun is bad for our skin, but do you really know what is important in picking out your sunscreen? with more marketing gimmicks than ever, and more importance than ever- according to the skin cancer foundation in nyc, uv exposure…






april newsletter

easy and effective ways to get bikini ready in 4 weeks with summer right around the corner, it’s time to think about shedding those winter layers and slipping into something that shows more skin. if the thought of baring all terrifies you, don’t worry, you’re not alone. as the countdown to the bathing suits and shorts begins, we are here to help you…








shaped breast implants

planning your breast augmentation surgery is a very exciting process. based on my own experience with my patients, i can tell you with almost complete certainty that this surgery will have a very positive and dramatic influence on your life and the lives of those closest to you. if you are already my patient, you…






safelipo vs smartlipo

 is it better to be safe or smart? plastic surgery terminology can often be quite confusing. mini tummy tuck vs tummy tuck. mini face lift vs. full face lift, vs lifestyle lift. restylane vs botox. i will discuss these in upcoming blogs. but for now, let’s talk about smartlipo* vs safelipo®.* smartlipo is a laser assisted liposuction technique that has been…






march newsletter

 are you accidentally making yourself look older? it is easy to find a routine and stick with it, but what if your daily habits are actually making you look older? make sure you aren’t making these mistakes and accidentally adding years to your look. keeping the same hairstyle for years outdated hairstyles are the number one way to add…








valentine vip event featuring delaine skin care in santa rosa!

delaine skin care solutions are now available at the cosmetic surgery & laser center of david e. marcus, m.d. by david e. marcus, m.d. dr. marcus is a board certified plastic and reconstructive surgeon, specializing in cosmetic plastic surgery at his cosmetic surgery & laser center located in santa rosa, ca. dr. marcus was born and raised in michigan,…



 






recent posts


can i get approved for a plastic surgery loan in georgia?


acne scarring – deep wrinkle reduction


wine’s rolein anti-aging


lose the love handles with coolsculpting in santa rosa!


july newsletter 2014 – the truth about sunscreen you need to know


cosmetic surgery center – santa rosaskin tightening with venus freeze!
request a consultation
latest skin care techniques
plastic surgery photo gallery
breast enhancement
finance cosmetic surgery
get in touch!









name:

e-mail address:

message










sitemap
 


                        © 2025 www.drdavidmarcus.com. all rights reserved.
                    













