

welcome to pekingeserescue.org - rescued pets are wonderful














 

rescued 
              pets make everyday a holiday.






home
mission
rainbow bridge
pekes & pals
puppy mills

ways to help
reasons to adopt
spaying/neuter

animal overpopulation
animals to save
celebrities in action
save the shelter pets
over the rainbow bridge
although the replica watches 36 mm dj did not rolex replica stop production, but also can swiss replica watches be seen that the big diameter is the replica watches uk trend.





contact 
                        us:
jono@gate.net 
                        janice o'connor
                        954-566-5069
carol kallman
                        305-864-0923 ksn31083@aol.com
rescued 
                      pets
                      are wonderful
                      p.o. box 11336
                      ft. lauderdale, fl 33339-1336  




donations 
                can be sent
                to the address above.

 in loving memory of elmo. 

in 
                loving memory of tia,
we will always love you.

your 
                support helps save unwanted pekingeses.











 




important notice

due to the crisis in foreclosures and the economy we can no longer help
                    owner surrenders. our first priority is that peke in that kill shelter
                    waiting to die.
everyone has choices and this is mine.
if you need to surrender your peke i'm sorry. if you feel you need to take
                    it to a shelter it  may  die there. take my information to the shelter and
                    ask them to call if the peke is going to die with a needle to it's heart or
                    be gassed to death.
good luck! sorry for this hard choice ! please make taking your peke to a
                    shelter your final plan.
if your peke is black or black and white e-mail pekeaboo1@bellsouth.net for
                    rescues still taking these colors





 
my rescue group 
                    is striving towards a goal -- to rescue the homeless and abandoned 
                    pekingese of the world and place them in carefully screened, 
                    permanent situations. 
while our focus 
                    is on our rescue programs, we strive to offer a variety of 
                    information and resources related to the breed of dogs known 
                    as pekingese.  we hope that you will enjoy learning more 
                    about this special breed of dog.  if you can't adopt 
                    a pekingese at this point in time, please consider volunteering 
                    in one of many ways to help our worldwide effort to rescue 
                    this wonderful breed! 
in our pekingese 
                    rescue efforts, we have started assisting other small breeds.  
                    shelters sometimes misidentify other small breeds as pekingese.  
                    once we see them and realize they are not pekingese, but in 
                    fact mixes, it seems wrong to leave them behind to die...and 
                    thus, we begin to help pekingese mixes and "pekingese 
                    pals", as well. 
all our rescues 
                    have filled a space in our hearts, and we have been lucky 
                    to place them all in loving, new homes.  i urge everyone 
                    to rescue an animal and find out first hand, rescued pets 
                    are wonderful! 
pekingese, a type 
                    of toy dog, is known for its abundant hair and dainty, pug-like 
                    facial features, and its down-turned month, which gives the 
                    breed a frowning appearance.  their coat is long, straight, 
                    and slightly harsh to the touch and almost all colors or variety 
                    of patterns are possible.  their ears are long, feathered, 
                    and often brushed to blend with the rest of their coat.  
                    a long, plumed, loosely curled tail hangs over the dogs back, 
                    and large dark eyes are highly characteristic of this breed. 
                    the pekingese grow to be 6-9 inches tall at their shoulders 
                    and weighs 6-14 lbs. 
the pekingese have 
                    a very patient and loyal demeanor.  they are believed 
                    to have originated in china in the 8th century, these creatures 
                    were revered as sacred by the imperial family and trained 
                    to follow the emperor and carry the hem of his robe.  
                    also called foo dog by the chinese, statues were carved 
                    out of ivory, bronze, and wood as a way to ward off evil spirits.  
                    the pekingese have also been called the lion dog or sun dog because of their abundant ruffs, resembling 
                    lion manes or the rays of the sun.  the spots on their 
                    coats are sometimes read, like tea leaves, to tell the fortunes 
                    of people. 
this site is dedicated 
                    to china, my angel, thank you for putting the wonderful in 
                    rescued pets. 







 















rescued pets are wonderful thanks the boston foundation for loving and helping homeless pets.





a special thanks to kieran and jennifer kidder for there dedication to helping special angels.



 blind dogs see with their hearts please open yours too one







you 
                    are visitor #
                    801890
                     



your 
              donations help us save homeless animals.
we 
              are an all volunteer non-profit organization.

rescued 
              pets are wonderful
p.o. 
              box 11336
              ft. lauderdale, fl. 33339-1336 
              all checks can be made out to rescued pets.

we are in desperate need of donations, please help... 

 
home  |  
    mission   |  
    rainbow bridge   |  
    pekes & pals   |  
    puppy mills  |  
	
ways to help  |  
    reasons to adopt  |  
    spaying/neuter  |  
    

animal overpopulation  |  
    animals to save  |  
    celebrities in action  |  
    save the shelter pets

we would like to thank the following partners for their support:
cesar millan  | 
    pedigree foundation   |  
    petco   |  
    petsmart 


 






china... 
                my angel.










 







also check 
                out www.petfinder.com
simply 
                enter pekingese under breed and zip code 33334.
 
a.arce







