


the history of water filters



















     historyofwaterfilters.com
 
the past, present, and future of water filtration technology





     
the history of water filters  |   
      water treatment alternatives  |   
	  how safe is your drinking water?



     
	the history of water filters  >  introduction
	











the history of water filters - introduction

the history of water filters is indelibly tied to the history of water, itself.  as human industry has grown and water has become more contaminated, water filters have emerged over the centuries in response to the growing recognition of the need for pure, clean water to drink and the realization that such water does not occur naturally.  

water has greatly affected humanity and civilization for millennia.  because water is so absolutely vital to our body systems, we, as living beings, are entirely dependent upon water.  in fact, this simple substance, more than any other factor, guided the formation of civilization.  early civilizations were clustered around water sources, and it was water that initiated the first substantial agriculture in the fertile crescent, leading to more complex and sedentary civilizations.  for centuries, water availability guided the type of foodstuff that could be grown in an area.  water was also the impetus and guiding force behind the first cross-cultural interactions.  early trade was completely dependent upon water, for transportation of goods and sustenance of people and animals.  

                  throughout the centuries, as technology developed, people have 
                  gradually gained more control of water. they have been able 
                  to transport water to arid lands, stop and redirect rivers, 
                  and even determine when, where, and how much rain will fall. 
                  even with increased control of water resources, water still 
                  continues to dominate the political, economic, and social structure 
                  of all nations. this statement can be verified by looking at 
                  political struggles within the united states over water resources 
                  or throughout the middle east over access to limited water. 
                  concerning conflict in the middle east, former world bank vice 
                  president ismail serageldin stated in 2000, "many of the wars 
                  of this [20th] century were about oil, but the wars of the next 
                  century will be about water" (smith, 2000). 

                  in modern times, concerns over water quality remain supreme. 
                  over the years, scientists have discovered more and more contaminants 
                  in fresh water sources, and these same scientists have noted 
                  a strong correlation between drinking water contamination and 
                  many significant health problems. due to the rampant impurity 
                  of water and the crucial, physiological need for clean, fresh 
                  drinking water, several treatment alternatives have emerged 
                  throughout the history of water treatment. water filtration, 
                  one of the more viable and prominent of these treatment alternatives, 
                  has something of a remarkable past. historians believe that 
                  the use of water
                  filters began more than 4000 years ago! in 
                  the next several pages, the fascinating history of water filters 
                  will be addressed. read on to learn more about this interesting 
                  history. 

next page 






the history of water filters
• introduction
• how did our water get so dirty?
• early water treatment
• water treatment in the middle ages
• a great discovery in water filtration history
• the use of the microscope in water filter history
• the advent of municipal water treatment
• the effect of the scottish enlightenment on water filter technology
• the use of chlorine to purify water
• the clean water act of 1972
• water filtration in the present - whole house water filter systems
• the future of water filtration
• references

• recommended water filter





















 


 
site map   |    
        resources   |    
        other histories   |    
		contact us 




 
	copyright © 2004-2010 historyof water filters.com







