






		trade name search | copyright a name | registering a business name - trademark info






































































									 (800) 642-6564
  (703) 524-8200
















home

about us

services


trademark services

copyright services

patent
															services

ttb
															services

other
															services



faq’s


why use
															gls?

basic facts about registering a
															trademark*



contact us


order forms




















  

















we offer trademark, copyright, patent, ttb/batf, and other services. we are ready and
									willing to assist you today. check out our services page to see what we can do for
									you.
our services











our trademark searches are among the most thorough and detailed in the industry. we
									check everything from computer files and registry's to physical archived files.
									order your search here.
get started
 
						







we have an expert staff ready to assist you with all of your trademark and copyright
									needs. it's fast and easy to get professional answers from our industry leaders.
									move forward today!
contact us











welcome to government liaison services

government liaison services (gls) was founded in washington, d.c. in 1957 for the
									purpose of providing a "washington office" to law firms and businesses that did not
									otherwise have access to federal government offices and the vast amount of
									information available therefrom. today, gls employs a large staff of experts trained
									in various areas including intellectual property research as well as federal food
									and beverage labeling...

learn more








what can we do for you?

we serve our customers in many of their dealings with the u.s. patent and trademark
									office, the copyright office, usda, fda, alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau,
									and the sec. our associates' average experience exceeds 25 years. the clients of gls
									number in the thousands and are comprised of law firms, sole practitioners, fortune
									500 companies as well as small businesses in the u.s...

learn more














home    |    about us   |  
								services   |  faq's   |  contact us  |  privacy policy  |  blog
contact us: 800-642-6564













































