

















rice cinema | department of art | rice university




































      skip to main content
    






body


 



rice university
department of art
school of humanities 








    





menu














search form







main nav




< back


about


about the department of art

galleries


er gallery


sleepy cyborg gallery


department of art main gallery




history


job openings


meet our alumni




people


faculty


staff


emeriti


department administration


in memoriam




academics


academics


art internship and career development opportunities

awards prizes and distinction


department awards, scholarships, and fellowships


distinction in research and creative works



curriculum


current course schedule


general announcements


undergraduate resources



film and photography concentration


film and photography degree requirements



studio art


studio art degree requirements


comic art teaching & study workshop






rice cinema


rice cinema


events & screenings


rice cinema history


cinema archive


rice cinema ticket information, parking & directions




news & events


events


news


arts in the humanities lecture series


exhibition archive


lecture series archive


2023 spring visiting artist lecture series




give


contact




close











body









body












department of art home
>
rice cinema 





events & screenings
directions & parking
cinema archive
rice cinema history




rice cinema is located in sewall hall, room 301.
programming will continue throughout the academic year (september through may) and through the duration of construction for the susan and fayez sarofim hall for the arts building.
film info line: 713-348-4853 | cinema@rice.edu | cinema.rice.edu
 facebook | twitter | vimeo 






body

 

















for half a century, rice cinema has maintained an international reputation as an important cultural center in houston, texas. as defined by its founders, jean and dominique de menil, it is a cinemateque experience for both the screening of great films and the opportunity to discuss these works. this program emerges from the spirit of artists and teachers like james blue, roberto rossellini, and colin young who saw cinema as a subject of conversation and part of a community, rather than a commodity to be consumed.
rice cinema regularly shows documentaries, foreign films, and experimental cinema and has brought filmmakers from all parts of the world to present their work. among the many filmmakers that have come through our doors are andy warhol, jean luc godard, dennis hopper, richard lester, sam peckinpah, rakhshan bani-etemad, fernando solanas, shirin neshat, patricio guzman, arturo ripstein, albert maysles, and many others.
rice cinema has the ability to screen almost any film ever made, from early silent cinema to contemporary world digital cinema, including 16mm and 35mm film formats. as part of the filmmaking program in the department of art it brings the communities of rice and the city of houston together over the most significant form of storytelling in the modern world.













about
people
academics
rice cinema
news & events
giving
contact
back to top



6100 main st., houston, tx 77005-1827 | 
mailing address: p.o. box 1892, houston, tx 77251-1892 |
713-348-4882 | privacy policy 










