






westside finishing, holyoke, massachusetts - powder coating, silk screening, finishing | westside finishing company, inc.



































































413-533-4909 |  fax: 413-533-4641
info@wsfinish.com



facebook









instagram


 





facebook









instagram



 












about us
services

technical guidelines
pretreatment / cleaning
conveyorized powder coating
batch powder coating
silk screening
pad printing
masking
packaging
trucking


project gallery
learn more

powder coating
industries we serve
our facilities
testimonials


blog
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 












 
slide 1welcome to westside finishingwe give industry its color
watch this videoget a quote nowpowder coatingfullscreensilk screening 











westside finishing aims to be the leading powder coater in new england by keeping the promises we make.

 we have built a company based on our family values: communication, responsibility, honesty, fairness, and respect.
 we earn your loyalty every day by focusing on getting the job done right the first time.
 we start with your quality and finish with ours.
 we deliver on time and at the right price.






pci 3000 certified | iso 9001:2015 certification # 8z391-1s6 – since 2002
we are the first custom coater to become pci 3000 certified. certification is the process by which the powder coating institute has created an audit program to evaluate the business practices, process elements, equipment capabilities, employee competencies and quality control capabilities of a coater to produce a high-quality powder coated product with a high degree of customer satisfaction.





our management staff has an average of 30 years of experience in the finishing industry and strives to provide superior quality and exceptional service. we can meet the most demanding delivery requirements and we also offer pick-up services. we live by the motto “happy customers are repeat customers”.  we are your “off site” partner in the manufacturing process. westside finishing is growing because of our commitment to quality customer service, making your job easier.







start your project
new customer



already a partner? apply for credit!
credit application







westside finishing inc.
15 samosett st, holyoke, ma 01040, usa get directions






have any questions?
contact us



 

 
 
 





about us
services
project gallery
learn more
blog
contact us


 


copyright © 2025 westside finishing · 15 samosett street · holyoke · ma | website by bloo solutions, inc.
 

 
 
 

























