

southern pacific railroad in the cascades of oregon, by joel ashcroft














index



home
history
construction
photos
structures
locomotives
m.o.w.
snow fighting
miniature railroading
people & stories
derailments
1964 flood
4449
cab shots
western lumber co.
diverging routes
links
who i am
motion picture


send me mail








welcome to the southern pacific in the cascades.  
within this website you will find several photos relating to the southern pacific, the majority 
of the photos being vintage which have been contributed by former sp employees or relatives of 
sp employees.  photos relating to the up takeover of the sp are kept to a minimum on this 
website.  enjoy!!!









since sometime in october 1998!!!!
updated august 17, 2009  1000 pst





news! news! news! news!

updated derailment section with larry ott's photos of the sam wong potato spur crash of 1991.





this site built and maintained by joel ashcroft.
and sponsored by:


i would like to thank the following for their assistance and contributions to this webpage:




railfan.net,  glenn hebert, larry castle,  tom dill,  dan lynch, lindy oleson, oakridge museum, westfir bed & breakfast, salem 
public library,  oso publishing co.,  jeff pape,  bob sanchez,   jerry martin,  ted weldon,  
rick woodrow,  betty walker, ted curphey,  floyd hulegaard,  david hulegaard, ron harr,  mike starks,  jerry freadman,  
wes lomax for the southern pacific railroad photos, photo stamped with "southern pacific 
rr photo:", southern pacific railroad,  and the interstate commerce commission.
all photos within this web page are the sole property of 
joel ashcroft, except where noted on the photo credit.  these photos may not be reproduced at 
any time without permission of joel ashcroft.  photos provided by other sources may not be 
reproduced period!  if you see a photo on this website that is yours, or you know who it belongs 
to and you know it should not be posted, e-mail me asap so as to remove it or provide proper 
credit where needed.

this webpage is in no way affiliated with or funded by the oakridge museum.  photos provided 
by the oakridge museum are from the wood collection and "the oakridge telegram".  these 
photos will be credited with, "photo courtesy: oakridge museum."  photos acquired by the oakridge 
museum from personal collections and displayed on this webpage will be properly credited

i do not make any profit from this webpage and that's how it will remain!  the purpose of this 
webpage is to provide a source of valuable historical information at no charge.  this website is 
in no way affiliated with the former southern pacifc railroad or the union pacific railroad 
companies.


thank you!!!
joel





all rights reserved
© 1998-08 joel ashcroft
this site built and maintained by joel ashcroft.
southern pacific railroad
union pacific railroad




