





home | sharkey transportation, inc.



















































chat with us, powered by livechat













about us

our history
our people
our equipment


our services
lanes/routes
drivers

faqs for drivers
otr driver training program


online store
driver referral
contact us
join our team

driver job listings
drivers apply now
shop technicians & office staff job listings


 



















 








        click here to join our team    

        click here to talk with a recruiter    



our services
sharkey transportation, inc. is far from your ordinary trucking company. we are equipped to provide our customers with a wide variety of services to meet your various shipping needs. see below for a full list of the services sharkey transportation, inc. can provide you and your business.



 
maintenance
customer service & dispatch
warehouse & spotting services
freight brokerage
proof of delivery
equipment leasing: trailers & flatbeds
equipment leasing: tractors (trucks)
safety




areas we serve
sharkey transportation, inc. offers extensive interstate truckload transportation services throughout the contiguous united states. we have irregular route, common carrier, and contract carrier authority for these 48 states. this allows us to establish flexible transportation programs to meet the needs of our customers. sharkey transportation, inc. also has intrastate authority in the states of illinois, indiana, iowa, missouri, and wisconsin. conveniently headquartered in the heart of the united states, and with 14 terminals strategically located, we are perfectly positioned to seamlessly assist you with your distribution needs no matter the destination.
the majority of our freight is transported throughout our primary operating network consisting of thirteen midwestern states. the remaining states make up our secondary network which we effectively and efficiently service thanks to our centralized location.





welcome to sharkey transportation!
founded may 1, 1971 with six trucks and 18 trailers by jack sharkey, sharkey transportation, inc. has grown in to a premier logistics company that provides unmatched service throughout the lower 48 states. with 14 strategically positioned full-service terminals and over one million square feet of warehouse space, we can efficiently, effectively, and safely handle all your shipping needs. we invite you to learn more about our company and the services we provide. if you would like to be a part of our growing team, please take a look at our available positions and contact us today. thank you for visiting!












social media

 


contact us

3803 dye road
quincy, il 62305

                    phone: 217.228.6555

recruiting

                    phone: 800.354.8945

                    email: recruiting@shke.com

customer service

                    phone: 800.395.6555

                    email: customerservice@shke.com



get in touch


your name(required)email(required)

message(required)emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  























© 2025 sharkey transportation, inc. all rights reserved.







































