










home - rapha christian counseling



























 

call us


   
    toggle navigation 

call: 972-257-0449
about us
services
counselors
faq
contact us
 





 



          healing begins here        




 







clinically professional. distinctively christian.


 at rapha christian counseling, we believe that the pain and struggles of life provide profound opportunities for growth and change. we value the opportunity to journey with people of all faiths and backgrounds, wherever they are on the path.




 
our services
all rapha therapists are licensed by the state of texas, trained to address the broad spectrum of mental and emotional health issues. we now offer easily accessible telehealth services as well as in person sessions. 
learn more



 
our counselors
the foundation of our approach is to offer a safe, supportive relationship between client and counselor. our team of compassionate, christian professionals shares a desire to walk beside you in the transitions and storms of life.
learn more



 
our mission
our mission at rapha is to offer  a secure, caring environment in which individuals, couples and families can experience the transforming love and grace of god. we share an enduring perspective of hope and a desire to see each client achieve greater fulfillment in life and  greater accomplishment of god's purposes for them.
learn more











"i am confident that god, who began the good work within you, will carry it on to completion until the day christ jesus returns."— philippians 1:6










 
 our philosophy
we believe that it is god’s desire to bring meaningful change within each of us that can…

restore hurting individuals to health and wholeness.
redeem broken relationships with others and with god.
renew passion and hope for a fulfilling and productive life.











upcoming events





 







contact us  for an appointment



call us: 972-257-0449



name*email*

phone*message*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ








about us
services
counselors
faq
contact us
            300 decker drive
suite 360, irving
texas 75062 | 972-257-0449 | info@rapha.info

facebook






 























