








best santa clarita personal injury attorney | accident lawyer



































































 






 










skip to the content









c. ray carlson law




 
menu










attorneys

c. ray carlsonchad r. carlsonjennifer b. smith
personal injury





atv & off-road accidentsautomotive defectsback & spinal injuriesbike accidentsboat accidentsbrain injuriesburn injuriesbus accidentscar accidentscatastrophic injuries 


construction accidentscruise ship accidentsdelivery truck accidentsdog bitesdrunk driving accidentsexplosion accidentsmotorcycle accidentsnursing home injuriespedestrian accidentspremises liability 


product liabilityrideshare accidentsslip & fall accidentsswimming pool accidentstrain accidentstruck accidentsuninsured motorist accidentswrongful death 
 

case resultsreviewsour blog





atv accidents postsautomotive defects postsbrain injuries postsburn injuries postsbus accidents postscar accidents postscatastrophic injuries postsconstruction accidents posts 


dangerous drugs postsdog bites postsexplosion accidents postsmotorcycle accidents postsnursing home injuries postspedestrian accidents postspersonal injury postspremises liability posts 


product liability postsslip and falls postsspine injuries postsswimming pool accidents poststruck accidents postsuncategorized injury accident postswrongful death posts 
 

contact us


661.294.0044








close menu
 






attorneys

c. ray carlsonchad r. carlsonjennifer b. smith
personal injury





atv & off-road accidentsautomotive defectsback & spinal injuriesbike accidentsboat accidentsbrain injuriesburn injuriesbus accidentscar accidentscatastrophic injuries 


construction accidentscruise ship accidentsdelivery truck accidentsdog bitesdrunk driving accidentsexplosion accidentsmotorcycle accidentsnursing home injuriespedestrian accidentspremises liability 


product liabilityrideshare accidentsslip & fall accidentsswimming pool accidentstrain accidentstruck accidentsuninsured motorist accidentswrongful death 
 

case resultsreviewsour blog





atv accidents postsautomotive defects postsbrain injuries postsburn injuries postsbus accidents postscar accidents postscatastrophic injuries postsconstruction accidents posts 


dangerous drugs postsdog bites postsexplosion accidents postsmotorcycle accidents postsnursing home injuries postspedestrian accidents postspersonal injury postspremises liability posts 


product liability postsslip and falls postsspine injuries postsswimming pool accidents poststruck accidents postsuncategorized injury accident postswrongful death posts 
 

contact us













protecting the injured for 40+ yearswe're here to get you back on your feetfree consultation




santa clarita personal injury accident lawyers
our goal is simple — helping our clients win their case and get their life back on track


serving accident clients insanta clarita, valencia &throughout the los angeles area
at the law offices of c. ray carlson, our santa clarita personal injury attorneys represent victims of personal injuries, including cases involving car accidents, motorcycle accidents, dog bites, pedestrian accidents, brain injuries, spinal cord injury and several other types of practice areas.
based in valencia, our accident lawyers serve clients in stevenson ranch, santa clarita, fillmore, santa paula, the san fernando valley, and the surrounding communities.
we work diligently to recover the maximum compensation for the victims we represent. since 1980, our team of experienced lawyers has established a strong reputation and recovered millions of dollars in compensation for personal injury and auto accident victims like you.




“very friendly and helpful staff! they were amazing at explaining everything every step of the way, and keeping me informed during my case.”  –  william c.




what sets us apart

40+ years of experience
when people have been seriously injured in accidents or as a result of others’ negligence, they need two things from their attorneys—they deserve to be treated with respect and they deserve real results. our firm has been delivering both to our clients since 1980.


supportive, honest & responsive care
given the experience and knowledge we have amongst the attorneys at our firm, our law firm lawyers utilize a team approach. each client benefits from the expertise of several attorneys, not just the one assigned to their case.


offering services in spanish, russian, portuguese, and tagalog
the multilingual proficiency of our legal team presents a distinct advantage, ensuring accessibility and effective communication for a diverse range of clients.


available 24/7 by phone
accidents can occur at any moment, day or night. that’s why our services are available 24/7, ensuring immediate assistance and support when you need it the most.


no fees unless we win
when we take on your case, you can have peace of mind knowing that there is no fee unless we secure a successful outcome for you. our commitment is aligned with your success, ensuring that you only pay when we win your case.



contact us


 












first name



last name




email



phone



are you a new client?please selectyes, i am a potential new clientno, i'm a current existing clienti'm neither.



question



     










meet your team




c. ray carlson
founding attorney




chad r. carlson
attorney




jennifer b. smith
attorney



























we can help you get back on your feet
los angeles is a thriving community but, with the high population here, there is also a high risk of being involved in an accident. all too often, people’s poor choices have serious consequences on those around them, leading to accidents, injuries, and, in the most tragic of cases, death. that’s when you need an accident lawyer.
some accidents—such as auto accidents, motorcycle accidents, or even dog bites—can have life-altering consequences. however, with the help of a personal injury attorney, you can protect your rights and seek a fair recovery for your losses.
some of the most common personal injury consequences (often referred to as “damages”) include costly medical treatment, anxiety or depression, temporary or long-lasting injuries/pain, impaired physical or mental abilities, and inability to work or to return to work.
with the help of one of our experienced santa clarita personal injury attorneys, you can file a claim and seek financial compensation for all of the resulting consequences that occurred from your accident.
as an accident victim, one of the best things you can do is to take the time to speak to an experienced lawyer who focuses on california personal injury law and can discuss your options.
an accident attorney will understand the specifics of the law and will also have the experience and skill needed to help victims like you to get the compensation they deserve.




car accident lawyers


bicycle accident


boating accident


catastrophic accident




construction accident


motorcycle accident


drunk driving accident


pedestrian accident




premises liability


rideshare accident


product liability


truck accident




pursuing justice in your case
a personal injury lawyer must first determine how the injury occurred and if the injury will result in a partial or full recovery. the key to winning most personal injury cases rests on whether we can prove that someone else was negligent or acted wrongfully, and that this is what led to your injuries and resulting damages.
the nature, severity, and extent of the injury and the victim’s recovery time also help to determine the amount of compensation the victim may receive.
serious injuries can lead to difficult lawsuits that require the experience and skill of a seasoned personal injury attorney, one who has a proven track record of success.
if you or your loved one has suffered an injury as a result of an accident, contact one of our personal injury lawyers in santa clarita today for a free consultation. during this consultation, we can discuss all the details of your situation and determine whether or not we believe you have a viable case.

litigation. because results matter.
protecting the value of a personal injury claim is no easy matter. often, insurance companies will do everything they can to chip away at a claim, gradually reducing the amount of compensation that will end up in the hands of the victim.
when insurance companies get their way, victims of serious accidents end up with little or no compensation to cover medical bills and other costs.
at the law offices of c. ray carlson, the attorneys at our law firm refuse to let insurance companies get their way. our legal professionals and resources are committed to getting maximum compensation for accident victims in santa clarita, los angeles county, and throughout southern california. we will fight tirelessly to protect the value of your claim.

schedule your free consultation today



recent case victories


wrongful death



$
0
.5

million



motorcycle accident



$
0
.2

million



product liability



$
0


million









need legal advice?
resquest your free consultation
at the law offices of c. ray carlson, we assist clients who have been injured or lost loved ones due to negligence. we’re ready to help you!

get started



representing thevoice of the injured
661.294.0044




client focused, results oriented
it is our belief that people deserve legal representation that acknowledges what they are going through and what they need.
from being able to put our clients in touch with excellent doctors to being as supportive, honest, and responsive as we can be, we are here to support our clients from start to finish.
when you trust your case to our firm, we will get to know you and your situation and develop a strategy that is tailored to your specific circumstances. this client-centered approach is just one of the factors that has helped us obtain multimillion-dollar verdicts and settlements for our clients.
our focus on providing a high level of service to our clients includes offering legal services in spanish, russian, portuguese, and tagalog.




more

when is it necessary to contact a car accident lawyer?
if you are injured in a car accident, it is important to contact a santa clarita car accident lawyer as soon as possible with your questions about representation by the law firm. a good traffic collision lawyer can help you explore all your legal options and maximize settlement compensation for your injuries and damages from someone’s negligence.
a car accident lawyer will also file court documents when necessary to initiate a lawsuit – this is often the quickest way to get justice for your injuries, pain and suffering and expenses.
after a car accident, it can be difficult to know what to do and where to turn. this is why it’s important to have someone on your side who understands the legal process and can help you protect your rights.
a car accident lawyer’s expertise can help you understand what happened in the accident, collect any evidence, possibly bring in an expert witness, then determine if you have any legal rights, and help prepare for court hearings. in addition, having a personal injury attorney on your side can make a huge difference in terms of potential compensation for you and your family.
read more to learn what a car accident lawyer can do for you after a car crash in santa clarita’s freeway traffic frenzy or someplace else.
what does a car accident lawyer do?
if you have been involved in a car accident traffic collision, you may be wondering what a car accident lawyer does and if you need to contact a local law firm. when someone is injured in a car accident, they need the help of a car accident lawyer.
a car accident lawyer will represent the victim and help to secure compensation for their injuries. this can cover things like healthcare costs, missed pay, and pain / suffering. in order to provide the best possible legal representation for their clients, a car accident lawyer will work closely with insurance companies to ensure that settlements are fair and adequate.
it is important for victims of auto accidents to know their legal rights and options. an experienced car accident lawyer can educate clients on their rights and options, which can lead to more informed decisions about how to resolve their case.
finally, a good car accident lawyer will stay apprised of any new laws or regulations affecting cases like yours so that they are able to strategize effectively on your behalf.
what will a car accident lawyer do after an accident?
what to do next after a car accident might be on your mind. worried about the costs and the possible consequences of your injuries? a car accident lawyer can help ease your mind and guide you through the process.


when dealing with car accident lawyers, it is important to keep in mind the timeline and process involved. the following is a brief overview of what will happen:


the lawyer will review your case and determine whether or not they will represent you in court. if so, they will begin the process of gathering information, any physical evidence, possible traffic accident reconstruction, and preparing for trial.
the lawyer will work tirelessly to negotiate a fair settlement on your behalf – one that takes into account both your injuries and financial circumstances.
if negotiations fail, the lawyer will take you to court where they will attempt to obtain maximum compensation for you based on applicable laws and statutes of limitations.
finally, if necessary, a second attorney may be hired as part of an insurance company’s defense team in order to protect its interests. having an experienced car accident attorney on your side can make all the difference in obtaining justice after a car accident.

is it important to call a personnal injury lawyer after an accident?
when you’re in a car accident, it’s important to know who to call. a personal injury attorney is an experienced professional who can help you navigate through the legal system and protect your rights.
first, it’s important to understand that personal injury lawyers are not just anyone – they are specialized in the area of personal injury law and typically part of a larger personal injury firm of accident attorneys. this means that they have extensive knowledge and experience in dealing with traffic accidents involving cars and other vehicles; typically at an intersection or rear end collisions on the freeway or other roadway. as such, they are highly qualified to help you navigate the legal system and protect your rights as your advocate.
furthermore, contacting a personal injury lawyer is essential if you face any legal issues as a result of your car crash. for example, if someone was injured in the crash, or if property was damaged, contacting an experienced lawyer can help to ensure that everything is taken care of properly from the start.
furthermore, if you are considering filing a lawsuit as a result of the collision, consulting with an attorney beforehand can help avoid any unnecessary complications or delays down the road.
how do you choose a personal injury attorney?
selecting the right personal injury attorney can be tricky – but there are some key factors that you should consider when making your selection.
make sure that your chosen attorney has experience representing clients in similar situations as yours. you should also consider whether or not she specializes in personal injury law – this will give her more expertise when representing your case.
also try asking around – many people know someone who has used an expert vehicle accident lawyer before and would be happy to recommend them to you. in short: don’t go into this situation without guidance from an experienced professional!
you’ll also want to look for one who can handle your specific needs and provide you with all your legal options, as well as one who has a track record for success in similar cases.
personal injury lawyers often have free initial consultations. you’ll need to bring a variety of information with you, including the details of the incident, witness statements, and medical records. having this information on hand can make the conversation easier.
it’s also a good idea to ask about the fee structure. most lawyers work on a contingency-fee basis, which means that you pay them a percentage of the compensation you recover. if you feel comfortable with the fee arrangement, you should have your case settled quickly. a personal injury attorney can help you obtain compensation from the at-fault party. they can estimate your lost wages, as well as how much your quality of life was affected.
what steps should be taken after an accident?
following a vehicle accident, you may be entitled to receive certain compensation for your injuries. knowing what to do and where to go can make the process a lot smoother. below, we’ll outline the steps that you should take after an accident.
first and foremost, understand your rights and obligations following an accident. this includes knowing who is liable for the incident, whether you are able to file a lawsuit, and what key deadlines exist. it’s also important to know what types of compensation you may be eligible for. depending on the severity of your injuries, you may be able to claim medical expenses or property damage as compensatory damages.
if filing a lawsuit is something that you’re interested in doing, remember that there are several key steps that must be taken before anything can happen. you must file a notice of claim with the responsible party specifying the details of your case.
you also need to gather evidence in support of your case – this could include photos or videos from the scene of the accident, witness statements, and documentation detailing how much money you’ve spent as a result of your injury.
finally, make sure that all deadlines are met in order to preserve any legal rights that you may have.
if filing a lawsuit isn’t something that interests you at this point in time, consider exploring other options such as filing for personal injury protection (pip) claims. pip is a type of insurance policy that covers certain types of accidents and can provide some financial relief if filed within
certain time limits following an incident.
what compensation can be expected from a car accident?
getting compensated for injuries is something you will want to consider after you have been involved in a car accident. there are several different kinds of compensation, from medical bills to lost income, and it’s important to know what you can expect.
you may also file a claim against the at-fault driver’s insurance. typically, you will need to provide a copy of the police report. once this is done, you will need to determine the cost of your injury and the value of your vehicle. this will be the basis for determining the amount you can claim.
you can also file a claim against the other driver’s liability coverage. this type of insurance pays for damage to property and your own medical costs, including any treatment for your injuries. you can also make a claim against the other driver’s uninsured or underinsured motorist coverage. these types of insurance are often used to pay for your personal expenses if you are injured in a car accident with another driver.
what is the legal process after an automobile accident?
if you have been injured in a car accident, you are entitled to compensation. however, the legal process after a car accident can be confusing. in order to ensure that you get a fair settlement, you need to follow the right steps.
first, you should talk to an attorney. an experienced accident lawyer can help you understand your rights and guide you through the legal process.
next, you will need to provide a written complaint to the at-fault party’s insurance company. this document details the crash and lists the legal reasons why you are suing. it is important that you do this within the time limit to avoid wasting your case.
you should also obtain photographs of the scene of the crash. these photos will help you assess the damage. for example, you may need pictures of the road conditions and the position of the car relative to other cars.
after you have obtained these documents, you will need to exchange them with other parties. this includes your own insurance company and the at-fault driver.
when is it not necessary to contact an attorney after an auto accident?
it’s important to remember that not all car accidents result in serious injury or damage. in fact, many car accidents don’t result in any injuries at all! if this is the case for you or someone you know, it might not be necessary to contact an attorney at all. however, if you believe that someone else was at fault for your car accident – such as driving while under the influence of alcohol – hiring an expert injury lawyer is essential. but remember that there are times you may not immediately realize that you need an attorney. you will only be aware of the damage it has caused you after time has passed by. to be perfectly sure, always opt to contact a lawyer even if there is no injury that occurred.













 
local office
27951 smyth drive
suite 101
valencia, ca 91355
661.294.0044

 

quick linkshome
attorneys
santa clarita personal injury lawyer
dog bites
slip and fall
contact us
site map
privacy policy
 

follow us 





 







©
							2025
							all rights reserved.						

























































