



santa rosa auto repair | callagy automotive & smog

























707 528 3181
1008 south a streetsanta rosa california





book now
estimates








menu
call
schedule
estimates
map
















home
services


reviews

local
google
facebook
yelp


faq
watch & learn
contact
more links

about our shop
dashboard lights
fleet services
join our team
map & directions
share a review
vehicles serviced














complete auto repair service





family-owned & trusted over 20 years
appointment



santa rosa cacomplete auto repair & service

callagy automotive & smog welcomes you to our website. callagy automotive & smog is well known and respected for our auto repair services. each staff member and mechanic in our santa rosa auto repair shop takes pride in the excellent reputation we are fortunate to have developed with both our customers and the entire santa rosa and sonoma county area. our shop is grateful that our customers repeatedly choose us for their auto repair and service needs and frequently send their friends and family to our santa rosa shop for their auto repair and service needs as well.


each expert mechanic on our team understands that the very thought of getting an automobile repaired can make most people nervous. for those who are not savvy about auto repair or are uncertain whether or not the correct repairs are being performed on your automobile, our santa rosa auto repair shop is the perfect place for you because of the following reasons.


callagy automotive & smog pledges to all of our santa rosa and sonoma county customers that we will not remove any part from a vehicle in order to complete an auto repair unless it is absolutely necessary. additionally, our santa rosa auto repair shop promises to diagnose all auto repair problems in an honest and professional manner. each mechanic and staff member in our shop strives to provide prompt and courteous service to all who visit our auto repair facility in the hope that you will come back to us for all of your auto repair needs. 







thank you

at callagy automotive & smog our team is dedicated to your complete satisfaction. we are a family-owned and operated santa rosa auto repair shop and taking care of our customers is our number one priority.  sincerely  dave hug & john callagy – owners




© 2024 1st  auto repair
site navigation
accessibility statement
terms & conditions
privacy policy


















