








vermont's north country chamber of commerce | we're an organization devoted to promoting business development in newport, vermont and vicinity



















































 





vermont's north country chamber of commerce
we're an organization devoted to promoting business development in newport, vermont and vicinity

      


search for:







 









visiting vermont’s north country
our visitor center in newport, vt will guide you in the right direction.
our helpful staff and volunteers provide our visitors with a wealth of information on local attractions, dining and lodging, back roads and byways, current happenings and shopping opportunities.
we also have a variety of maps, travel guides and informational pamphlets available so you can make the most of your time here.
we offer free internet access for our visitors and free use of our conference room by appointment.
chili challenge cookoff 2024
many thanks to all those that participated! and now- the winners……more



moving to vermont
where the rivers flow north into lakes through the fields under mountains.
once you head over sheffield heights on route 91 and head down into barton, brownington, derby, jay and newport – a place where the rivers flow north – you are headed to a special place.
we are what vermont was 30 years ago: a land of fields and working farms, timberland, mountains, meandering streams and some of the most beautiful and cleanest lakes in north america.
interested in finding a realtor? …more
farmer’s market
every wednesday and saturday 9:30am – 2:30pm now thru october 14th!!
location: 246 the causeway, newport, vt.

 




join our chamber community
we’re working together to build our local economy and community.
membership supports our ability to “spread the word” about visiting and living in the heart of the northeast kingdom, to support and promote the business of our members, and advocate for the economic growth and well-being of our area. the welcome center, this website, the aquafest and the chilifest are all made possible with the support of our members.
with our growing membership, more and more is possible each year, in turn, there are a number of  benefits that accompany a membership. …more
join the list!
sign up to receive email notifications of upcoming events!


 










welcome center location 
contact information (802) 334-7782
president@vtnorthcountry.org
the visitor’s center: 246 the causeway newport, vt  05855 

no events posted
 






menu
skip to content
home
the heartbeat of the kingdom
welcome center
find a business
events
member benefits
login
contact us





translate




























partial funding for development of this website was made possible by a rural business enterprise grant through the northern community investment corporation from usda rural development
website design and development by digital media vermont

