



home :: episcopal diocese of mo























 





























search
contact










welcomeabout usthe bishopbishop's appealbishop's biographybishop's blogbishop's podcastdiocesan staffdiocesan historyarchivesgovernanceconstitution & canonsconvocationsdiocesan councildiocesan conventiondisciplinary boardgeneral conventionstanding committeeministriesasian ministrycreation carediscipleship developmentcampus ministrieschildren and youthdiscernment and ordinationevangelismrequiem or renaissanceyoung adultsgun violence preventionindigenous ministryhistorical land acknowledgmentjubilee ministryjubilee ministry centersjustfood trucktask force on hungerlatinx ministrylgbtqia+ ministryquestions & answersresourcespastoral carepublic advocacyvoter voicevote faithfullyrecovery ministriessocial justiceanti-racism covenantdismantling racismepiscopal city missionwomen's ministryaffiliated ministriesclergypriestsdeaconssupply clergyretired clergyclergy callsresourcesclergy resourcesfinancialcompensation and benefitsdiocesan investment trustgrants and loansparish leadershipidea toolboxvestry universitysafe church, safe communitiesstrategic visioningworshipadvent 2024connectcommunicationsdiocesan shoplay job openingsnewscalendar eventsfind a churchlivestreamgive












 

welcome
welcome to our website! we're truly grateful for your visit and excited to have you here.





 

welcome!
the episcopal diocese of missouri is made up of 41 congregations plus several campus ministries throughout eastern and central missouri. 





 

ministries
explore the mission and ministries of the episcopal diocese of missouri.





 

clergy
meet the priests and deacons representing christ and the church in the diocese of missouri.





 

resources
access worship, financial, and safety resources for clergy and parish leadership.





 

connect
share the mission and ministry of the diocese of missouri through communications, news, and events.





 

give
share your blessings by making a financial gift to the diocese of missouri.





 

find a church
are you looking for a place to worship? search for an episcopal church near you.







 



  
 
news and events






2025 lenten book study
a lenten book study for the episcopal diocese of missouri using “the love that is god: an invitation to christian faith” by fredrick christian bauerschmidt. 





camp firebird
camp firebird is the official summer camp of the episcopal diocese of missouri. register for 2025 camp dates.





companion communities
bishop deon johnson introduces a diocesan initiative to provide opportunities for support, discipleship, and collaboration between our congregations.




 
more news and events
 

 

our mission
walking humbly with god and our neighbor, we seek justice, act with love, and live the good news of jesus.



our vision
a world transformed by god's love, justice, and peace


 

 
worship with us
the episcopal diocese of missouri is an inclusive community of faith, made up of nearly 10,000 people in 41+ churches and missions in eastern and central missouri. 




find a church
find an episcopal church near you in eastern or central missouri.





livestream
watch a livestream of a special diocesan worship service.





liturgy & prayer
download special liturgies and prayers offered by bishop deon johnson.




 

 


meet the bishop

the rt. rev. deon k. johnson serves as the eleventh bishop of the episcopal diocese of missouri.

view the bishop's bio
read the bishop's blog
listen to the bishop's podcast
give to the 2024 bishop's appeal







 



























upcoming events



feb 21–22

joint leadership retreat



feb 24

community of deacons



feb 27

standing committee



feb 28

title iv training



mar 1

title iv training





see all events.


latest news


2025 lenten book study


community evening:  dinner + writing workshop with pádraig ó tuama


2025 missouri ecw scholarship


2025 old school gospel concert


see all news.



keep in touch
(314) 231-1220
info@diocesemo.org
1210 locust street
st. louis, mo 63103




















































@2024 episcopal diocese of mo | privacy policy











