








east coast auto transport | car hauling services by vetted professionals
















































skip to content








(800) 393-1850|info@eastcoastautotransport.com 

 



 

















 


search for:








aboutbusiness auto auctionscar dealershipscorporate relocationenclosed vehicle transportmilitary relocationrental carsfamily & personal snowbird car hauling servicesstudent vehicle relocationenclosed vehicle transportfaqsrefer a friendcontact usbook nowquick quote 


search for:








aboutbusiness auto auctionscar dealershipscorporate relocationenclosed vehicle transportmilitary relocationrental carsfamily & personal snowbird car hauling servicesstudent vehicle relocationenclosed vehicle transportfaqsrefer a friendcontact usbook nowquick quoteaboutbusiness auto auctionscar dealershipscorporate relocationenclosed vehicle transportmilitary relocationrental carsfamily & personal snowbird car hauling servicesstudent vehicle relocationenclosed vehicle transportfaqsrefer a friendcontact usbook nowquick quote




 









ecat homeeast coast auto transport2024-10-29t08:34:36-04:00 

 





car shipping
on your terms 
							
get a quote 
							 


personal car relocation 
							
dates that fit your schedule, prices that fit your budget,

convenience and service that makes you smile. 
							get a quote 
							 


corporate car shipping 
							
get the best price to move large fleets, single cars, full inventories

– all conveniently handled by our team of professionals. 
							get a quote 
							 






transporting vehicles throughout north americaeast coast auto transport operates with vetted partners throughout the continental united states and canada.
state-wide moves, coast-to-coast relocations, corporate fleet moves, and more. we have your auto relocation needs covered.
since 1992family owned.
family operated.east coast auto transport has been proudly serving customers since 1992. we are proud of the outstanding reputation we have built over almost 30 years and are dedicated to providing a service that leaves a positive impression. we want the process of relocating your vehicle to be as easy as possible – being a family owned business means we treat our customers as if they were our family, because they are.
get an auto transport quote nowdo your research– find the best price and convenient dates with no obligationsquick quoteour promise to youexcellent service.
reliable deliveries.when it comes time to plan your next move up or down the east coast of the united states, you want to choose a reliable, professional business to ship your vehicle. east coast auto transport is here for all of your car transport and shipping needs with multiple terminal options and door to door services. avoid pricey seasonal rental rates and ship your vehicle with the professional car haulers of east coast auto transport!





 
 





nationally licensed & insured east coast auto transport is a family owned & operated rhode island corporation, licensed nationally by the department of transportation and federal motor carrier safety administration

 

 

 we accept checks, cashiers checks, money orders, and cash.  credit cards have a 3% processing fee.

 

 
 
 






copyright ©  east coast auto transport | all rights reserved | privacy policy
wordpress website by search appeal 


facebookinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

get a quote to ship a vehicle


































































































go to top




