































oxford croquet










.








welcome










croquet is
              a satisfying sport utilising tactics and touch in equal measure. it combines strategy
              and precision and is a bit like snooker on grass or a combination of chess and
              golf.  croquet can be
              enjoyed by all ages and sexes on an equal basis. 



 



for an example of croquet played by an expert see this video. 
this site collects together information concerning association croquet in over 700 articles and presents coaching 
              information intended for both complete beginners and world champions. 
there are two main forms of croquet: association (or
              international) rules croquet and american rules croquet. the majority of
              the	tactical information
              on this site is for the association rules game. 
see croquet
              world online, for american rules information. 
how to use this site. 
the main information categories are	shown in the menu on the right. if you are looking for a specific piece of information use the search function. if you would like to browse the site click on the map button by the search box on the right.
please note external links open in fresh windows hence you may need to permit pop-ups. the menu strip on the right of the pages will not be printed out if you print a page. 


note: modern browsers are now automatically making 'oxfordcroquet.com' => https://oxfordcroquet.com.  this will not work.  the full address of the site remains the old fashioned http://oxfordcroquet.com, or http://www.oxfordcroquet.com. it may be convenient to bookmark the full old form.
 again browsers will warn that the site is insecure.  it is delivering croquet information not nuclear secrets! there will be no rapid change to an https site. 


new coaching articles
two new articles attempt to collect pieces of wisdom which will  benefit improving players. 
the first is "rules of thumb" - general things to do or  avoid from 'joining up in the middle of the lawn' to  'avoid making your last hoop off partner ball', and much more. some of the advice will go against general  coaching, e.g. don't run hoops to length, and there is one "never!"  (really never!!!!!) mostly it identifies weak and strong tactical moves.
the second is "defensive play". most coaching trains  people to attack and build breaks. but what to do either when the  break is not there to be built, or you are playing on thin ice at  some time in a turn? this does not appear to be collected elsewhere  in the literature. sure, there are articles on defensive openings or  leaves, but no collection of prudent manoeuvres outside these times.  this article like the last gives little cameos of judicious play at  any time in a turn.
whilst the individual entries may be brief, hopefully they will  prompt the reader to seek more information.
ai has a lot to learn about croquet

a rabbit run? giving microsoft's dalle-e 3  (ai  image generator)  the phrase "rabbit running through a  croquet hoop" produced the images above. it has no concept of  a croquet hoop! it was no better if "wicket" (american name  for a hoop) was substituted. click on image for larger version. 
"the sun is shining; i'll have red & yellow or pink & white"
do croquet balls get significantly bigger on a hot day? some certainly get hotter than others. two papers cover the topic:

thermal expansion of croquet balls
solar heating of croquet balls - ii 

 
virtual 3d croquet lawn
oxford croquet's research laboratory is pleased to offer its  state-of-the-art coaching aid. this is a 3d lawn which can be rotated and zoomed in real time as  standard manoeuvres are demonstrated with a commentary. it is much easier to understand these lines of play from the animations rather than a stack of diagrams.

 
end of the home advantage?
modern technology can map out the bumps on croquet lawns from the air. the use of lidar data for investigating the topography of croquet lawns was investigated.

 

complete croquet books online

plus one on time: croquet tactics from novice to medium ability players
                by don gaunt.
expert croquet tactics: keith wylie's book  is the bible of association croquet strategy for a-class and  international players.
croquet management: classic tournament management manual by two very experienced managers, gaunt and wheeler.

 

editorials >

what the reviewers say:

congratulations - your very good site has become excellent. 
                kc
                  
this e-mail is just to congratulate you for the excellent 'the 
                oxford croquet site'. rr
                  
i've just been having a look at your new website. very impressive. 
                jk
                  
oxford croquet website. congrats, and it's about time! ba
                  
wonderful improvement to the site. do
                  
congratulations on the website - it's a real asset to the 
                game: especially to those of us trying to develop our play and our clubs. 
                rb




all the material on this site is copyright and all rights are reserved.
        it is the policy of this site that the copyright remains with the respective
        authors of the articles. for information about reproducing items please contact the author
        directly or the webmaster: ian.plummer@balliol.ox.ac.uk.

about this site
about the author

oxford croquet does not retail any products. for information on purchasing products, please contact the manufacturer or
        distributor directly. 
feedback. we welcome contributions to the site as well as comments - 
        please email the webmaster: ian.plummer@balliol.ox.ac.uk,  including the url of the page, or use the webmaster link at the bottom left of each page which allows 
        you to send us a message.  we would like to hear about errors and broken links as well as 
        your comments and suggestions.

author:  dr ian plummer 
all rights reserved © 2006-2025 





      updated 15.xi.24
      
about, webmaster

        oxfordcroquet.com/index.asp
        
        on www.oxfordcroquet.com
hits: 1231546









 














front page 
 what's new 
 how to play 
 equipment 
 laws 
 refereeing 
 rankings 
 tournaments 
 technical 
 lawn care 
 croquet clubs 
 club management 
 health & safety 
 promoting croquet  
 history 
 contacts & links 
 faq 
 miscellany 
 adverts 










