






home - iacep




























































		skip to content	



 



iacep
international association for cognitive education and psychology








    menu	
jcep
about  

iacep mission
iacep executive committee
constitution
bylaws
history
contact


membership  

dues structure – sign up
login
your account
iacep members only


resources
faq
conferences/workshops  

2025 conference in prague, czech republic
upcoming conferences and workshops
recent conferences and workshops


home

  
			scroll down to content		












home


save the dates for our next international conference
welcome to iacep
the international association for cognitive education and psychology is a society of professionals from throughout the world who are interested in advancing the cognitive education of children, youth, and adults. 
our association is dedicated to the notion that virtually everyone can improve their cognitive skills through education. our goal is to combine research and practice in cognitive education and psychology, and to support network building and network sustainability in this field. 
iacep strives to maintain an organization that brings together persons with diverse applied and theoretical interests. we welcome the participation of teachers, therapists, assessment specialists, administrators and research professionals. the association recognizes the importance of collaborative inquiry that includes researchers and practitioners, working together or separately, in advancing the goals of cognitive theory, education, assessment, and therapies.








about us


what is cognitive education?


iacep is the international association for cognitive education and psychology. what is cognitive education, anyway?
cognitive approach to education offers an alternative understanding of intelligence, based on neuropsychological research about how the brain works. cognitive education takes advantage of cognitive psychology to develop educational methods based on cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, other cognitive sciences, and mediation principles.
many of us in the iacep are dedicated theorists, researchers, and/or practitioners interested in elucidating the factors that can help people of all ages increase their cognitive skills and performance. as an association, we are not aligned with any one particular school of thought regarding how cognitive education should be interpreted. some of the interrelated concepts members use include cognitive assessment (e.g., “dynamic” or “interactive” assessment), as well as speech and language therapy, psychotherapy, educational psychology, and related approaches and treatment modalities that are based on cognitive and cognitive-behavioral approaches.
we go about our tasks in different ways. some of us specialize in assessment, others in trainings and interventions, and still others in the theories underlying assessment and cognitive development.  whatever we do, however, we are all committed to the mission of helping people better face the challenges of the environment through cognitive education that helps people increase their level of mental functioning.
iacep engages in a variety of activities to further our mission.  these activities include:

regular international conferences and regional conferences during in-between years
keeping members up to date on events in the field through association newsletters
development and maintenance of the iacep website, at www.coged.org
promotion of professional training in cognitive education
facilitating the networking of cognitive education and cognitive psychology professionals in science and practice (member directory, forums, interest groups, junior researchers, leadership activities)

 


 








conferences and workshops


iacep conferences and workshops

upcoming conferences and workshops
past conferences and workshops









contact


iacep contact information


president      president@coged.org
treasurer     treasurer@coged.org
membership secretary  membership@coged.org

 















search



			search for:		


  
		search	

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	












































































































































































