





camp mary orton














































































skip to content









 
contact us










facebook-f
 











 









 

 





 
							camps						
 

 close camps


 open camps









discovery day campdiscovery day camp is a traditional outdoor camp for children aged 6 – 12. 





adventure academya week-long day camp for ages 7 to 14 from jun-aug. 





summer camp contactneed to contact our summer camp program? we are here to help. 








 
							weddings						
 

 close weddings


 open weddings









weddingsthe historic lodge at camp mary orton is the ideal location for a wedding. 





featured weddinga showcase of andrea & brendan’s wedding – a day at camp 





a wedding for every seasonevery season at the lodge will compliment your special day. 








 
							events						
 

 close events


 open events









corporate retreatsa unique venue to host your next meeting, conference or retreat. 





weddingsthe historic lodge at camp mary orton is the ideal location for a wedding. 





partieshost your next birthday party, reunion, barbecue, dance, picnic, or party. 








 
							team building						
 

 close team building


 open team building









team buildingmake cmo your destination for your group to bond and improve team dynamics. 





activitiesfrom climbing walls to high ropes, find the perfect activity for your group. 





packageswe’ve bundled popular options for a full day program of team building at cmo. 








 
							rentals						
 



 
							about						
 

 close about


 open about









contact usneed to contact us? we are here to help. 





employment opportunitiesview all opportunities with camp mary orton. 





volunteerwe are a non-profit organization and love your help. 
















donate















camp mary orton 



a place to learn, explore and grow 








registration open!​ 



									enjoy our camps, book our facilities, or schedule team building at camp mary orton in central ohio — all to support our non-profit mission to build better neighborhoods, one person, one family at a time.								








register for camp











what we do 






summer campscampers experience high-energy outdoor activities to learn teamwork, leadership skills, self-confidence, and most importantly, to have fun. 





weddingsoriginal wood floors, high-beamed ceilings and a 14-foot wide stone fireplace make for an inviting location to celebrate your day. 





rentalsfrom birthday parties, to meetings, to social outings — book our conference room, shelters, indoor activity center with climbing wall, our rustic lodge, pool, or outdoor activity center. 





team buildingbring your corporate, school or community group to camp mary orton for team building activities customized to your goals and helping teams build bonds. 








work at camp mary orton!seasonal employment opportunities for counselors, lifeguards, event hosts, challenge course facilitators and camp directors. 








learn more
















help our community 



your financial gift helps us continue a legacy of providing education and personal growth for children on the beautiful grounds of camp mary orton. 






donate today












 



									copyright © 2006-2025 camp mary orton all rights reserved.								





 



owned and operated by godman guild association 





contact7925 north high street, columbus, oh 43235, united statesphone: 614-885-1023info@campmaryorton.org 






facebook
 



x-twitter
 



instagram
 



























