


can anybody stop my world - it appears to be spinning























    
	can anybody stop my world - it appears to be spinning
	
  
as my father said "life is but a collection of stories"

about me

name:  marlene 

view my complete profile

previous posts

the purity of his creationsome days i feel so dist...
how many times (in response to psalms 79-83)how ma...
a lullaby for the stressedbefore morning breaks .....
a psalm of givinglet me continue to love as you lo...
sanctuary of god (a walk through a prayer labryint...
let me refuse you nothingand accept from your hand...
sorry people, my blog is suffering for lack of tim...
so i hope a marvelous weekend was had by all. as m...
two things to share and i'm out of herefirst: my t...
greatest thing to happen this weekend: sorry this ...

archives

02/01/2004 - 03/01/2004
03/01/2004 - 04/01/2004
04/01/2004 - 05/01/2004
06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004
07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004
09/01/2004 - 10/01/2004
04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005
06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006







friday, june 02, 2006




      the purity of his creationsome days i feel so distant from godwhen suddenly he reveals himself to mea lone tree standing strong in a fieldor the humbling view from a mountain peakthe waters conversation with the shorethe irony of a desert streamwind whispering through the woodsa sunset burning the oceans facewhen lightning splits the sky from the heaven to the earthit’s the place where mortality falls awayand i’m left with the simplicity of it allthe evidence of god painted across the horizonstripped of any human interpretationabsent of any distractionswithout opportunity to be marthas,just the privilege to sit like marysdrinking in the wisdom of god’s messageviewing the snapshot of his beautyabsorbing the purity of the momentknowing there is a god in heavenwho reveals mystery and graceand meets us daily on this earthin this very place
    


posted by marlene @ 2:12 pm 

      
         3 comments





wednesday, may 11, 2005




how many times (in response to psalms 79-83)how many times will i grab for things of this world, feel the sensation under my skin, and open my hand to find it empty?how many times will life disappoint and you've rescued me?how many times will i try before i stop trying anymore?how many times will i step on to this platform of pride and the bottom drops out?how many times will this web of security i spin, end up strangling me with its control?how many times will you cry out for me and i be distracted or not listen?how many times will you be there for me when i least deserve it?how many times will you love me for the relationship you have to me, not for my personality or actions?how many times will you caress my wounds and wipe my tears?how many times will i grab for things from you and find my hand turns up full, constant and faithful?how many times will you be god and i be the the "one you love"?lord save me from my own lustsnothing good ever seem to come from them anywaywhat if i could be filled with only youwhat true grace would befall me then?would i walk with splendor or humility?show me what it is to love you, live for you, and die for youshow me as many times as it takes
    


posted by marlene @ 12:25 am 

      
         2 comments





thursday, april 28, 2005




a lullaby for the stressedbefore morning breaks ...there's tears that must comeand fears that must go many question i'll askbut few answers i'll knowmy dreams aren't as vividas the deception of lifeand the disappointment it offersbrings disillusion to lightmy soul holds me hostagewith the sin that it hidesand a blanket of lonelinessfalls over all sideswho knows what awaits uson the other side of nightwhen morn burns the horizonand god brings his lightso rise in my headshine through my fearsburn with your warmthbreak through my tearssing to my spiritlet it fall on my earsand create me all overas morning light nears
    


posted by marlene @ 3:40 pm 

      
         1 comments





saturday, april 23, 2005




      a psalm of givinglet me continue to love as you lovenot that many of my debts on earth or heaven could ever be repaid by any act of generosity of kindnessbut let me love as the kingdom of god is here on earthwithout limits, knowing that my needs will be provided by your very handlet me give with gladnesslet me live simply, so that all my excess can be used for those that need it.and help me to present it with dignitylet it show on my face the joy of providing for my familyand make me a woman of integritylet my 'yes' be yes and my 'no' be nolet me not only be intuitive to others needs, but prompt me to ask what is going on in their lives.and let me find times to be quiet and listen to your heart, so i know i'm acting on it.lord let you shine on this day and as the night comes may you rest with us.amen
    


posted by marlene @ 10:27 am 

      
         0 comments





wednesday, april 20, 2005




sanctuary of god (a walk through a prayer labryinth)hold my handrub my backbreathe me in & dont take it backbecause i can take no more unfailing loveas the music chants, i wait for the touch of a hand, the brush on my back, or the breath that seems like something more than usual.nothing happens, i came to the center and knelt as a prince and repeated waiting, not willing to leave until i felt something."well, perhaps it will happen at the end" i think and i walk as a bride would between the many lines until i exit the circle and drop to my knees at the altar giving one more long chance for god to make himself known to me and give me the presence i long for.i prayed and words from the christmas story come to me of all things. as i said them, they didnt seem quite right, but i dont try to coerse the moment and just let them flow ... "then the angel came to mary and said onto them 'lo a child will be born and they will call him jesus, because he will save you from your sin'" ... now as i repeat it, i realize the words are "immanuel, god with us!" that is what they will call him, that is what he was trying to say.he was there, he is here,that is the phrase.that is what he was trying to say! and the fragile sand dollar broke in my hand and the doves flew out. and a beetle ran across the floor and i couldnt kill it. as i tried to sacrifice it in the flame of the candle, it only scurried at me and i jumped and laughed at myself a good belly laugh.
    


posted by marlene @ 1:12 am 

      
         0 comments









      let me refuse you nothingand accept from your hand......everything that is givenlet not my fears overtake meand may i continue to speak..........the truth this timeand if i falllet me be humble and rise up again........let me continue to meet you face to face in all i do......................let it become to my heart like an unending prayermy love is no short life sentenceit is grief lodge under my skinit is strength pushed beyond its bounds...it is compassion in the most sincere form ................a cup of water, a nurturing touch,....................................or tears shared in painlord, may my first and last breath of the day.... be from the inspiration thatflows from your nostrils................and may your glory.......................be in the covenant of my love,..................my passion, my devotion and..............................my obedience to you............you are my god and i your faithful servant
    


posted by marlene @ 12:42 am 

      
         0 comments





wednesday, september 01, 2004




      sorry people, my blog is suffering for lack of time to spend on the computer. however good news for me it means i'm busy. however, i am kind of dying to keep up with friendships in my spare time, so i'm not sorry that my extra time has been spent "in person" with people. i've been thinking about friendships lately and the importance of having them and my responsibility to them. i hope no one out there feels taken advantage of lately. my head seems to be spent spinning with stuff to do and the commute to the grand city of plymouth appears to be soaking up a greater percentage of time than i originally thought. i will make a short list of what's going on with me and if anymore apb's are put out on me (luv ya laura), feel free to send them this link.1.  (deleted to protect the guilty and innocent)2. i have decided against buying and am looking in the new nicollet/40th neighborhood area, possibly and hopefully with my new roommate anna resele.3. i am on "day 2" of excercising in the morning. it just has to be 20 mins, but i am trying to discipline myself into a habit of activity everyday. next week comes the diet ... i'm not sure what that will be yet, but i know it needs to be something with less cola in it. my hands have been crackling when i massage. kind of embarassing, besides a big sign of what is happening inside my body.4. massage has been steady, but i need to push it even more. i put out a small load of letters for chair massage gigs and gmc contacted me to possibly do massage at the auto show in october for suburban, i hope i get the gig. it would be good money and i could employ some of my friends.5.  ooops, i guess i havent blogged about "fabulous" yet. we had a terrific 2 weeks of dating when he was here and i hoped to keep "something" up (i dont/didnt know what) when he went back to l.a. what that appears to be is that he calls once a week, but for a cancer like me ... i'm dont know if i have enough attention span for that long in between. he is a very busy guy with many commitments, 2 businesses, a career on tlc's ts and a house in venice and scottland. but so far, i'm just having fun getting to know him. i tell him to tell me a story about himself everytime we talk, cuz sheez he's got more than me, hands down and i still smile when he calls, so that is good. hopefully, we will hook up again, perhaps in scottland next time where he owns his grandfather's house still.6. shana and i are going to the fair on saturday afternoon and into the evening, perhaps catching the free shawn colvin concert, if anyone wants to join us.7. i finished my last book submission, one big deadline left. i will share something from it sometime soon.well i got to blow this pop stand and for you that are watching my blog updates, dont expect too much too soon.
    


posted by marlene @ 5:44 pm 

      
         3 comments





monday, july 19, 2004




      so i hope a marvelous weekend was had by all. as my birthday week celebrations began, i can say i was quite pleased with mine. from the mpls block party to breakfast in waconia to a barbeque at colleens and kps (thank you kindly lovely ladies) to drinks on a friend's deck after and waterskiing the next day with his family on the st. croix to drinking wine on shana's veranda. each was a fantabulous addition to my birthday.  i unfortunately woke up with a splitting headache and am quickly trying to shag it, since i expect to get one this evening ;-) mom has asked to take me out for lunch or dinner for my birthday and i realize that some things are a gift to others not yourself. as previously stated in person, i am available until thursday for other celebrations, just let me know :-) well off to the drapes place before break, so they can sing to me and lavish me with tasty deserts. i'm hoping for chocolate. here's to a great year, i wish my friend jason was here to give me a birthday wish, he was always good at giving me specific wishes for the year.      



posted by marlene @ 2:36 pm 

      
         0 comments









 





