










chicago & midwest auto recovery & auto repossession | equitable services inc.























































toggle navigation









                  home
                

                  services
                

                  coverage area
                

                  resources
                

                  employment
                

                  contact us
                













welcome to equitable services inc.



















an acknowledged leader in the recovery industry



















serving the midwest, hawaii and guam





















 with recognized leadership spanning four decades, esi is the only answer for efficient collateral repossession and auto recovery services throughout chicago, the midwest, hawaii and guam.








repossession services








submit assignment














dedicated staff
equitable service’s repossession team is comprised of experienced agents, including many employees of 40 plus years. our staff is knowledgeable, accessible and known for solving collateral recovery needs promptly. thanks to their professionalism, esi is often recommended by our satisfied customers. 










vast experience
 equitable services has remained under the continued leadership of kevin mcgivern for over 40 years. our experience and industry knowledge have attributed to thousands of satisfied customers. trust that your collateral will be recovered quickly and securely, using the latest innovation, with equitable services! 










thorough service
 equitable services has built a world-class reputation. thanks to our loyal repo agents and their dedication to customer service, our roots have expanded from chicago to the entire country! esi is fully vested in modern technology and equipped for any unique repossession challenge.






repossession to remarketing
a full range of services, to better serve you, with esi




 




coverage area
nationwide recovery services, including chicago, the midwest, hawaii & guam
 an effective and successful recovery agency is the result of the work of many experienced and talented individuals. lien holders searching for repossession companies in the midwest, hawaii and guam know effective collateral recovery starts with knowledge and experience. as the result of an immense coverage area and variety of repo services, our customers have continued to express their satisfaction. esi proudly retains the “go to” reputation for repossession companies across the country.



read more








services
we have built our reputation on service and results

repossession is an intricate process, from beginning to end. esi is committed to simplifying unique situations and prioritizing your greatest concerns. as a full service repossession and recovery agency, we offer towing, storage, skip tracing, transport, locksmithing and auto auctioning. equitable services maintains repo agents from multiple offices throughout america. we’re experienced and ready now to locate, repossess, store and liquidate automobiles, trucks, boats, planes, farm equipment and chattel.



read more





 




let's talk


do you have an efficient repossession partner?

we can simplify recovery, maximize remarketing efforts and stay readily available for all your repossession needs.
for reliable auto and other collateral recovery “anywhere” in chicago, the midwest, hawaii or guam work with equitable services, inc.

let us discuss how we can go to work for you.
if you have a recovery “anywhere” in the midwest, why not work with the best?







submit assignment








contact esi today













 




 
 









                        ©
                        copyright © 2014. equitable services, inc.
designed & developed by karrysdesign, inc 

































