






waupaca foundry | gray iron and ductile iron castings






















































                            iron castings
                        



rail


off highway


oil & gas


municipal


industrial & other


fitness equipment


commercial vehicle


automotive








                            case studies
                        



lightweighting


conversions


additive mfg


va/ve








                            corporate responsibility
                        



community


sustainability


safety





parting line blog






careers


news


shop


locations


contact



searchtext 












waupaca foundry iron castings outperform 
discover the power of true capacity











mike hawthorne appointed chief executive officer of waupaca foundry
read more
















off-highway











industrial & other











rail











commercial vehicle











automotive











oil & gas









collaboration you can count on
when stakes are high, the most respected brands in the world trust waupaca foundry for high-quality gray iron and ductile iron castings. count on us to help you eliminate supply chain risk. reduce your costs. meet lightweighting targets. and so much more. you can rest assured we’re there for you, helping you meet demand. we keep our promises, so you can keep yours.

















 - jun 26, 2023
dehumidification system saves  energy, improves efficiency
a revolutionary blast-air dehumidification system is decreasing energy costs, decreasing raw material use, and 
increasing melt efficiency.

#energy 













 - jun 26, 2023
smart ventilation system saves energy
automation, technology, and innovation are at the heart of one of the world’s oldest industries. at waupaca 
foundry located in waupaca, wisconsin, the linked foundries plant 2 and plant 3 share a melt center and cycle 
more than 1 million cubic feet of air every minute. air is constantly monitored for quality, worker comfort, and 
consistent temperature across the 665,850 square foot gray iron foundries. 

#energy 













 - oct 07, 2022
optimizing compressed air usage leads to greater energy efficiency
waupaca foundry plant 1, located in waupaca, wis., operates two compressor 
rooms. compressed air is one of its top three significant energy users and 
represents 10% of the facility’s annual electricity usage. compressed air supports 
critical operations such as pneumatics, robotics, and environmental control systems.

#energy 













 - apr 05, 2022
first cast-iron backhoe bucket on the market
waupaca foundry aided in the redesign and launch of the first-to-market cast iron bucket 
attachment for a compact utility tractor attachment oem. after an innovative and collaborative 
design and problem-solving process, the resulting backhoe bucket and teeth are more durable, 
cost-effective, and made in the united states.














 - apr 28, 2021
innovation and problem-solving mitigate supply chain risk
through collaborative engineering and a prototype 3d-printed core assembly, waupaca
foundry provided a solution that could improve quality, delivery and cost for a compressor
body already in production. it also meant reliably changing the iron casting manufacturing
process from horizontal to vertical molding, as well as reshoring the part to a u.s. supply
base—with complete peace of mind.

#3dprinting 
#supplychain 








previous



next







careers with waupaca foundryworking at waupaca foundry is more than a job. it’s a career that delivers a solid foundation for the rest of your life. be proud of what you do. work for the global industry leader. and never stop striving to be the best you can. you’ll be right at home working at waupaca foundry, where you cast your own future.

explore waupaca foundry jobs





technology and process controlyour complex requirements become manufacturable iron casting solutions, thanks to waupaca foundry’s industry-leading quality and process management. our team of committed foundry professionals will harness the most advanced technology available to solve your problems. the result? waupaca foundry’s reputation for delivering the highest-quality iron casting components, time after time. that’s true capacity.

stabilize your supply chain





committed to sustainabilitywaupaca foundry works to reduce its environmental impacts daily through continuous, sustainable foundry practices, as well as energy management and environmental management systems. each year, we celebrate earth day, world water day, and world environment day at all foundry locations, to raise awareness and encourage action to conserve our natural resources.

view sustainability commitments









waupaca foundry - jan 27, 2025


 



a lifetime of achievement - the business news


the american foundry society recently awarded bryant esch – corporate sustainability manager at waupaca foundry – the childress-loebler lifetime achievement award.




                    heather graves

                            |
the business news                

#award
#sustainability







waupaca foundry - jan 27, 2025


 



with tisax certification, foundry shows it is modern, forward-thinking


when most people think of a foundry, images of molten metal, industrial machines, and rugged workspaces come to mind. yet, in today’s connected world, even the oldest industries embrace modern challenges, including cybersecurity. waupaca foundry recognizes the critical role of information security, highlighted by its recent tisax certification.




                    megan mulholland

                            |
waupaca foundry                

#foundry
#innovation
#manufacturing
#technology







waupaca foundry - jan 23, 2025


 



balancing duty: waupaca foundry’s jerry deuman exemplifies volunteerism


since 2004, jerry deuman has reported to work daily at waupaca foundry, but for the past 30 years, he’s also been volunteering for the  waupaca area fire district (wafd).  deuman retired from the role of fire chief in 2024 and concluded his service with the wafd in january 2025, leaving behind a remarkable legacy.




                    mary schmidt

                            |
waupaca foundry                

#culture
#waupaca










discover the power of true capacity
how much more could you grow with the right iron casting supplier?  waupaca foundry brings a host of solutions to nurture your growth and sustain your market advantage. we offer high-quality raw, machined, painted, and assembled iron castings, on time, from a global footprint, with long-term stability, and innovation to help solve your greatest supply chain challenges. discover the true capacity you need to outperform with waupaca foundry.
solid as the castings we create








discover the power of true capacity with waupaca foundry.

request a quote
contact us








we use cookies and other tracking technologies to personalize content and analyze our site traffic. more information about this is in our privacy policy. you can control third party cookies by adjusting your browser settings.
agree and continue










                                about waupaca foundry
                            




                                        foundry 101
                                    



                                        history
                                    



                                        leadership
                                    



                                        process
                                    



                                        quality
                                    






                                careers
                            




                                        why waupaca?
                                    



                                        jobs
                                    



                                        benefits
                                    






                                working with waupaca
                            




                                        supplier login
                                    



                                        tolerances
                                    



                                        terms and conditions
                                    



                                        credit application
                                    



                                        privacy
                                    














































copyright by waupaca foundry, inc. © 2025




 

