





teamsoftware solutions
















 home



 forum
 licensing
 purchase
 downloads
 beta
 support
 contact





teamsoftware solutions
software to secure your public access computers







      public web browser
      





public web browser (pwb) is very similar to internet explorer, firefox, or chrome, as it is a full web browser. 
        but unlike internet explorer, firefox, or chrome, which are infinitely customizable (bookmarks, buttons, toolbars, home pages, etc.) by the patron, 
        pwb is only customizable by the administrator. this makes pwb invaluable where a consistent web browser experience for patrons is needed.
imagine each patron using the browser and changing the home page, adding in their own favorites and toolbars. 
        this quickly becomes a mess in public areas. pwb was developed in a library where we needed a consistent experience for each patron. 
        where only we had control of what could be changed, or in some cases where the patron could browse. 
        in our cases instead of upset patrons and support headaches, 
        pwb cleans up between patrons and prevents the patrons from changing the browser giving each new patron the same experience.
with pwb all the buttons, menus, windows, and toolbars, can be renamed or removed. 
        pwb also has an inactivity and activity timer, can clear the cache when it closes, can restart itself, 
        has a built in url and ip filter, can completely secure the computer only allowing pwb to be used, and much more. 
        pwb can be used in nearly infinite ways where a consistent web browser is needed.
pwb has over 300 settings that can only be changed by the administrator which can morph pwb into any type of web 
        browser where a consistent public experience is needed.





 
      pwb gallery
    








 



download the current version of pwb
pwb v3 x64 edge 




pwb v3 has been tested and works on windows 11.






how is pwb possible?




public web browser v3 edge/cef

          microsoft edge/cef both use the same base html renderer.
          with pwb edge, pwb uses the evergreen model utilizing the microsoft edge webview2 html rendering engine.
          with pwb cef, pwb uses the chrome html rendering engine via the chromium embedded framework.
          both rendering engines use the same backend as both edge and chrome but is controlled via the frontend pwb application.
        




public web browser v2/v3 "ie"
the webbrowser control is a html rendering engine used by internet explorer. 
        pwb "ie" is built using the same technique as internet explorer, by employing the microsoft webbrowser control.
microsoft article detailing this technology
        "in the furor over netscape's release of the navigator source code, microsoft's customization options for internet explorer often get short shrift. 
        this article discusses how you can reuse internet explorer's webbrowser control in your own applications, both as a platform for building your own browser implementation or, 
        as we feel will become increasingly popular, the user interface for a "traditional" application."
windows 10 and internet explorer
pwb was developed using the microsoft standards for hosting the ie web browser control. we have thoroughly tested pwb "ie" on windows 10. 
        pwb will continue to function in windows 10 as the internet explorer webbrowser control is still in use by windows 10 and the
        thousands of applciations that use the webbrowser control.






celsus electronic document delivery


celsus was designed to be simple in order to avoid unnecessary file corruption and user file problems. simply put, celsus takes a pdf document and copies it to a web or ftp server, 
    and then sends an email with a link to retrieve the document. celsus is driven by a mysql database with an interactive request and delivery web site and windows based staff application. 
    developed with the input of the university of minnesota libraries for use in their infonow service, celsus provides a robust yet intuitive electronic document delivery system.
download and get involved
celsus open source document delivery







×
public web browser














privacy policy
  			© teamsoftware solutions 2003 - 2025      








×
privacy policy



this privacy policy governs the manner in which teamsoftware solutions collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "user") of the https://www.teamsoftwaresolutions.com website ("site"). this privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by teamsoftware solutions.
personal identification information

we may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register in the forums, places an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information.

users may, however, visit our site anonymously.

we will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.

non-personal identification information

we may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our site. non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

web browser cookies

our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. user's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. if they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.

how we use collected information

teamsoftware solutions collects and uses users personal information for the following purposes:

to process transactionswe may use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
 
to send periodic emailsthe email address users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. it may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. if user decides to opt-in to the forum mailing, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user may contact us via our site.



how we protect your information

we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.

sensitive and private data exchange between the site and its users happens over a ssl secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.

changes to this privacy policy

teamsoftware solutions has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any 
time. when we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. we 
encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed 
about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. you 
acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy 
policy periodically and become aware of modifications.


your acceptance of these terms

by using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

contacting us

if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:

teamsoftware solutions
2017 24th st se
rochester mn, 55904

507-400-1169
information@teamsoftwaresolutions.com

 

updated: october 22, 2016 

close







