




niki owl gifts, owl books & owl cards by karin pinter








































































 












skip to content







					niki owl gifts, books and owl illustrations
				




























meet niki

niki’s creator niki’s friends
books

creativity book: colour your life with niki owl niki owl leap of faith niki owl’s christmas stories niki owl’s christmas wonder (comic book) the niki owl christmas book book reviews & praise
fun

owl colouring pages christmas colouring pages mindfulness colouring pages owl animations owl puzzles recipes about owls
cards

handmade owl cards send a free ecard
owl gifts

handmade owl gifts owl figurines football owl gift corporate & team gifts
art

owl illustrations owl paintings
shopnewscontactespañol






menu
close




meet niki

niki’s creator
niki’s friends


books

creativity book: colour your life with niki owl
niki owl leap of faith
niki owl’s christmas stories
niki owl’s christmas wonder (comic book)
the niki owl christmas book
book reviews & praise


fun

owl colouring pages
christmas colouring pages
mindfulness colouring pages
owl animations
owl puzzles
recipes
about owls


cards

handmade owl cards
send a free ecard


owl gifts

handmade owl gifts
owl figurines
football owl gift
corporate & team gifts


art

owl illustrations
owl paintings


shop
news
contact
español





 

 



















 











our world is better with you in it 











niki owl first showed up as a cartoon owl in 1995, fruit of his creator karin pinter‘s love of comic characters. since then, niki owl has appeared in numerous books for both kids and adults, unique owl gifts, owl cards, owl cartoons, animations and other cool owl stuff. all with the aim of inspiring love, joy and imagination in people all around the world. we hope you enjoy niki owl’s universe and invite you to discover how niki owl came to life. 











 







 








 












owl cartoon 



niki owl started out as the featured character on the handmade greeting cards karin started to make for her local community, friends and family. niki owl has evolved a lot over the years, and you can find the more recent niki owl cartoons on instagram. 







handmade owl gifts 



since karin started making niki owl gifts for her friends, family and local community, they’ve always embodied the essence of love, joy and imagination that light up a smile in their recipients’ hearts. why not share them with your friends too? 







discover the types of owls 



discover what type of owl niki is, as well as the different types of owls that live around the world. perhaps you’ve met some of them! 












 









 









 












send a free ecard 



							the niki owl ecards are the digital version of what started out as handmade greeting cards. you can send i love you ecards, thank you ecards and christmas ecards.						







owl colouring pages 



							the niki owl colouring pages collection includes a series of christmas colouring pages as well as mindfulness colouring pages to download in pdf.						







niki owl books 



books are a sacred space for our imagination to develop. the niki owl book series includes fiction novels, colouring books, and creativity books for kids and adults. they’re created with positive insights and prompts to help engage your imagination and be in your joy. 











"there are dreams that live in our hearts, and dreams that come to life...
the difference between them is a leap of faith!" 



- niki owl 

















contact
news
progress & partnerships
licensing & cobranding
owl resources & links



search this website




 

@nikiowl 





¿cuál es el tuyo?

#pideundeseo #deseos #cómic 






what's yours?

#makeawish






¿a quién le escribirías una nota especial en es






who would you write a note for right now?

#little






¿cuánto tiempo de calidad pasas con tus seres qu






how much quality time do you spend with those you 



 






 

join niki owl’s universe 










register to receive notifications about books, gifts, free owl stuff and other niki owl news.












ok







 





 

by entering your email, you agree to our privacy policy and cookie declaration in accordance with gdpr.

 


 

ok







 






thank you! you have registered successfully.









 





privacy policy, cookie declaration & affiliate notice
sitemap



				niki owl © 1995-2024 by karin pinter. all rights reserved.			












[contact-form-7 id=”298″ title=”contact form”]


































