



















about — ellsworth foods • blue ribbon foods • southern foods at home














 









skip to main content









click to go to the home page




about
products
process
farms
community
connect
request info










all natural,farm to table food service
request more info










farm to table food,conveniently delivered to your home

•  steroid free
•  growth hormone free
•  preservative free
•  chemical free

for those who want to feed their family the highest quality, best tasting and safest food available. by supporting small local farmers, producers, and growers we conveniently bring the farm to your table. with the middlemen eliminated, healthy eating is affordable and budget friendly.
specializing in the finest cuts of all-natural beef, chicken, and pork; vine ripened vegetables; north american seafood, and small-batch side items.

small, local farmers, ranchers and culinary artisans
certified humane, low stress environment
personalized menu planning
free delivery

unlike traditional grocery stores, we never source from factory farms or feed lots.











white glove delivery 

if you feel busier than ever, you'll appreciate our complimentary white glove delivery service. each time you place an order, your farm fresh food will be delivered to your home in one of our temperature-controlled trucks. our highly skilled and courteous freezer artists (our term of affection for our delivery team) will meticulously pack and organize your food in your freezer for you. if you need a freezer, one can even be provided for you. you'll love having a personal grocery store at home, stocked with only the items your family loves.
request more info



































serving these communities


currently, we deliver throughout georgia, tennessee, south carolina and north carolina, as well as eastern alabama, northern florida and southern virginia. if you're outside of this footprint, please message us. we are growing our service area and may be able to accommodate you.
request info











surprisingly affordable
rather than an additional food expense, we've designed our farm to table service to be a better tasting, more convenient alternative to your current grocery budget. typically, our service will offset 55% to 70% of what you're currently spending on food. you'll find you make fewer trips to the grocery store, and will save money with less frequent need for drive-through, take out, and delivery. our families tell us that even though our farm-fresh items are higher in quality, we fit in the same range as their current food budget.
curious? request more information.







starting at $90/wk
two adults -or-
							two adults with a child







starting at $115/wk
two adultswith 2 children







starting at $130/wk
three adults -or-
							two adults & two teens







starting at $150/wk
four or more adults 



pricing may vary based on your family's eating habits







simply put: convenient
we are not a meal kit company that slings a box on your doorstep. at your request, one of our experienced team members will be happy to assist you in planning a customized menu based on what your family likes to eat. you choose only the items and quantities you want, and you never get stuck with something you don't like. 
our mission is to save you time and make your life easier by affordably bringing the farm to your table. you will no longer have to worry about what's for dinner, and mealtime can be family time. the way it's supposed to be.

request more info











customer reviews
please be our guest and read these real, non-edited reviews from our customers. our company policy is to be fully transparent. we post all reviews, regardless of score. we strive to provide exceptional service to accompany our exceptional products. your complete and total satisfaction, at all times and without exception, is our guiding principle.
















our story

we're ellsworth foods, a company dedicated to providing families in the southeast with the highest quality, most nutritious, and best tasting food available. if you live in north or south carolina, you may know us by the brand southern foods at home. the rest of the south may know us as blue ribbon foods.
why the dual brands? well in 2006, our parent company, ellsworth foods, purchased the home delivery division of southern foods from the nussbaum family. southern foods had such a terrific reputation in the carolinas that we opted to retain the name. the blue ribbon brand was purchased by ellsworth foods in 2016, with a similarly strong reputation of providing southerners with custom cuts of quality beef, pork, and chicken since 1981. for a while, our brand identities served distinct geographical areas, but now both imprints are being used interchangeably along with our corporate name, ellsworth foods.
at ellsworth foods we strive to live up to the legacy created by the nussbaums, by treating our customers and team members like family. we hope to serve your family for many years.










request info
let's go!














site map


about
products
process
farms
community
connect


pricing








request info
contact us
faqs
career opportunities
privacy policy







 





ellsworth foods


customer service
1.800.633.4347
cs@ellsworthfoods.com











 
copyright © 2025 ellsworth foods, llc. all rights reserved.




go to page beginning.











