



  	 the real cost of prisons project
  
























home
comic books
links to organizations and information
new research and papers
coalition for prisoners' rights newsletters
books
videos
comix from inside
writing from prison
music from inside
social / economic / political timeline
background
contact us
donate


	search this site:
	










as of 
					--:--:-- -.-. 
					today, there are an estimated 
					-,---,---,  
					people in u.s. prisons and jails.
					 (source:  prisonsucks.com: research on the crime control	industry.)

















resist stigmatization
get theprisoners' lives matter stamp
how to order












the real cost of prisons comix
read the reviews!





			comic by jacob barrett




the real cost of prisons project brings together justice activists, artists,
researchers and women and men directly experiencing the impact of mass
criminalization who are working to end the carceral state.
the real cost of prisons project is a national organization, begun in 2000.
the rcpp created workshops, a website visited by 1,500 people a day and which
includes extensive sections of writing and comix by prisoners. in 2005, we
created and published three comic books: prison town: paying the price,
prisoners of the war on drugs and prisoners of a hard life: women and their
children. 135,000 free comic books have been sent to organizers, schools and
prisoners throughout the country. the comic books are no longer in print but can
be downloaded and printed from this website. the comic books are anthologized
into the book, the real cost of prisons comix, published by pm press.
the real cost of prisons organizing focuses on ending extreme sentencing such
as life without the possibility of parole and the daily harsh and damaging
conditions of confinement faced by every prisoner in the united states.
in massachusetts, the rcpp's recent work includes organizing to stop new
jails, working for bail reform and advocating on behalf of alternatives to
incarceration. 
the rcpp is committed to bringing the ideas and analysis of incarcerated and
formerly incarcerated men and women to the forefront so we can more
authentically challenge and change the destructive beliefs and costly systems
that drive the carceral state.







			© 2003-2011 the real cost of prisons project
		





