



artist bears found on online shows, bear appraisals on bright star promotions






 
 




  sponsors of quality teddy bear shows
     where the collectors meet the teddy bear artists.
 




 join our exclusive mailing list              and 
receive early notices of the coming online shows.
our list is protected by constant contact secured site.



meet   valerie rogers

8 online shows in 2025


  

 









artists who exhibited  in our winter  stars 
              online teddy bear show . . . contact



how much and where did your beloved bear come from? 
brenda knows!

what bears were in those
gift boxes in the
              santa's surprise® event?




eat your green   stuff!



now in the 18 year of publication





 




clean with just water!


thank you 
teddy bear artists & collectors!




 
all your personal data collected is held in constant contact and paypal,                
                assuring  safety with your personal information.
                we only contact you for our coming teddy bear shows or special events                 
                and do not rent or sell our mailing lists to anyone, never ever!




miniatures passion!
 
 see valerie's award winning room boxes, vignettes and 
                diorama's, all in 1/12th scale. 


"when i'm not working on bear shows or publishing bears&buds pages, i enjoy working with miniatures." more...







support the talented teddy bear artists by buying online!
 
artists are inspired and feel   creative when you support them with your purchase,
 insuring our industry will continue to grow and flourish.

 







 
email us anytime










 
"challenging times create welcoming opportunities"
 



bright star promotions, inc.  sponsors 8 yearly online collectible teddy bear shows,  where bear collectors buy directly from the artists.  exclusive online teddy bear shows feature unique bears made of imported mohair, synthetic plush, recycled furs and bear craft. all teddy bears are hand-made by the creative soft sculpture artists many of the teddy bears have clothing and outfits. bright star promotions sells dodie's punch-needle miniature rug making book, user and seller of the the ultimate cloth that cleans with just water. valerie rogers is the publisher and executive editor of bears&buds, the online monthly, teddy bear magazine and sponsors of the annual ursa awards competition.


incorporated in 1982 in the state of kentucky, valerie rogers,   president


 
'good friends are   like stars . . . you don't always see them, 
      but you know they are   always there.' 
 



                      
bright star promotions sponsors quality online teddy bear shows 8 times a year.

copyright © 1997 - 2025 bright star promotions, inc.  
3428 hillvale road ~ louisville, ky 40241-2756 usa 
          all rights   reserved worldwide.
 


















