








home - sky dancer casino & resort







































 














turtle island adventure park
 


hotel
casino
events & promotions
dining & amenities
book now
search




menu


menu

facebooktwitter 






get ticketsyour big win is waiting...  where the sky’s the limit.previousnext


an experience above the rest

sky dancer casino & resort sits in the forested hills of north dakota’s turtle mountains, offering an escape with nonstop gaming action, world-class dining and unforgettable entertainment.





chance or strategy?  we have it all.

our gaming floor offers something for everyone; the fast-paced thrill of the slot machines, the stimulating strategy of blackjack and the exhilarating ups and downs of sports betting. our attentive staff will ensure you are taken care of as you test your luck.


explore






congratulations, kenny azure, on your $30,068.97 jackpot!
that’s a big win at sky dancer casino!! 

jackpot winner $310,917.55 on oct. 5! this was the biggest jackpot ever hit at sky dancer casino!

jackpot winner $26,692.81 off an $0.80 bet on 11/16/2024



stay awhile

make it a getaway. our comfortable rooms and suites, dining options and elevated amenities make sky dancer casino & resort a perfect weekend retreat.


explore


all day dining at fire’s edge steakhouse

start your day with a stack of pancakes and cap it off with a porterhouse steak. open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, fire’s edge steakhouse offers a fine dining experience to guests throughout the day. for quick bites between meals, stop by the sky brew coffee shop and grillerz snack bar.


explore







stay in touch
be the first to hear. sign up to stay in-the-know about package deals, events, news and more exciting updates from sky dancer casino & resort.










first name







email *







phone number







sign up








 by
        engagebay



  

 3965 sky dancer way n.e.
belcourt, north dakota 58316
1-866-big-wins
or 1-701-244-2400

hours sun. – wed. | 8 a.m. – 2 a.m.
thu. – sat. | open 24 hours

inquiries contact us
careers
about us







© copyright - sky dancer casino -  site by agency mabu
facebooktwitter






scroll to top











