









taos - taos



























































skip to content



taos
casa benavides








home
about us
blog
contact us









taos









great things are often found in the most unexpected places, places like taos. the world is full of wonders, it hides the majestic pyramids under the sand, and huge monuments in the distant eastern islands. roman empire was well known, but it’s less known that roman outposts in today’s croatia hold the oldest cathedral in the world and that outpost is the city of split. many majestic beauties can be discovered around split, hidden blue grotto in the clearest waters, and ancient greek ruins on distant islands. read more about it on a dedicated guide that goes in-depth about the most popular day trips from split. taos is one of those places that surprisingly can offer so many from history to stunning nature, arts, smells and flavors, and experiences.
taos is a small town in the mountains of the north-central region of new mexico. with a population of little over 5,700, it is a small-sized town but it has a huge impact and contribution to the state of new mexico. built as an opposite of the neighboring native american taos pueblo in 1795, and used as a fortified trading outpost, taos is a great historical site that has the title of the world heritage site.




quick facts about taos
state: new mexico/usa
county: taos
coordinates: 36°23′38″n 105°34′36″w 
population: 5,900
area: 5.4 square miles
elevation: 6.969 ft
time zone: utc-7 mountain mts
zip code: 87571
area code: 575
climate: summer humid continental
demographics: 51,9% hispanic or latino, 40,1% caucasian, 5,3% native american, 1% asian, 0,7% african american, and 5,7% other.
sister city: xalisco, nayarit-mexico
taos/new mexico
best time to visit taos
since taos is surrounded by endless wilderness
and has sunny days throughout the year, the best time to visit taos depends on
your preferences. selection is great, the rio grande offers many water-based
activities like rafting and fishing and there are many hot springs along the
river. mountains offer horseback riding, hiking, golfing or mountain biking but
the majority of visitors come for skiing. winter is probably the best time of
the year for a visit to taos since there are multiple world-class ski resorts
and the highest peak in new mexico, a wheeler peak at 13,161 feet (4,011
meters). ski resorts usually open on thanksgiving day and accept visitors till
the start of april.
getting to taos
by plane
taos regional airport has a connection with
four airports; austin and dallas in texas, los angeles (hawthorne airport) and
san diego (carlsbad) in california. an alternative way to get to taos by plane
is to fly to santa fe or albuquerque.
by car
santa fe, the capital of new mexico is the closest city to taos so we will concentrate on how to get to taos from santa fe. there are two roads and two ways to get to taos by car. you have the faster and most direct route on ‘low road’ that follows the rio grande river, and it takes little more than an hour and 20 minutes to reach taos. an alternative, the ‘high road’ goes through mountains and offers amazing scenery along the way but also a little longer ride. it should take you more than half an hour extra on this road but it all depends on how many stops you do, one thing is for sure there are a lot of temptations to do that since the beauty of nature, and little hidden towns are breathtaking.
things to do in taos
visit historical landmarks
taos pueblo is the native american community
that’s been inhabited for more than 1,000 years. multi-storied adobe buildings
are the most famous and protected by unesco as a world heritage site, they are
also a national historic landmark. other must-see places are historic taos
plaza, a center of local trade, san francisco de asis church, and the rio
grande gorge bridge that is the second-highest bridge on the us highway system.
if you want to explore these amazing locations without the stress, just do an
organized tour that covers everything from the list.





skiing and snowboarding
there are four excellent ski resorts close to
taos, and they offer a wide range of activities for every snow lover. those are
taos ski resort, red river ski resort, sipapu ski resort, and angel fire ski
resort.





taos ski resort
there are a total of 110 trails in taos ski
resort and half of them are for skiing experts. if you are not skiing ‘pro’
there are 25% trails for beginners and rest is for those are with those with
some knowledge in skiing. this ski resort can take up to 15,000 skiers per
hour, spread across the 1,300 acres of the resort. there is plenty of snow as
the average annual snowfall count around 300 inches. you can purchase a
half-day, full-day, or multi-day ticket, take a private skiing lesson, and rent
equipment. guarantee for amazing experience is more than 300 sunny days a year,
and there is nothing else to desire.
red river ski resort
if you go little up north from taos, to the
southern rockies, there is a red river ski resort. there is a total of 57
trails, covered with one of the best snowmaking in the region, offering an
equal number of the trails for both experienced and amateur skiers. they offer
plenty of activities, from skiing and snowboarding lessons, kids entertainment
programs, to even wedding ceremonies.
sipapu ski resort
if you go 20 miles southeast of taos, you will
find the oldest resort in new mexico, a sipapu ski resort. it is a little
smaller, more family-friendly, ski resort but the offer is big. 41 trails
ensure enough options for both professional and amateur skiers, and a great
selection of lodging options at reasonable prices makes this ski resort very
family-friendly.
angel fire ski resort
last but not least, just 20 minutes to the
east from taos there is an angel fire ski resort. this ski resort not only
offers winters sports but great options for the summer from extreme sports,
golf, hiking, to fishing.
fishing
first thought when mentioning new mexico would
be the desert, but surprisingly taos is a great location if you are looking for
peaceful fishing. on the west from taos, you can reach rio grande gorge that is
a great location for fly fishing, especially for the trout. other great fishing
locations are red river, conejos, rio costilla, and rio de los pinos.




rock climbing
if you are looking for more adrenaline based
activity then rock climbing is a great choice if you visit taos and the rockies.
rio grande gorge has a couple of great locations along with the sangre e cristo
mountain range. mountain skills rock guides are the only professional permitted
and insured school and guides in the taos area, so it is definitely recommended
to start your rock climbing exploration with the professionals.

exploring the mountains
the endless wilderness of the area allows you
endless options for exploration. you can do hiking on your own, but you can
also do guided day hikes that can take you to some of the most spectacular
places like carson national forest located in taos ski valley. if you prefer to
spend more than a day in the wilderness and you are not a survival expert there
is a three-day camping adventure guided by the ‘heritage inspirations’, but if
you are there are no limits. if you don’t prefer walking through the mountains
you can go modern and ride a bike on numerous trails or do horseback and llama
trekking. yes, llamas and horseback rides are organized in this area, and it is
exciting as it sounds.



exploring the rivers
if you looking for an adventure on the rivers
you have the best rafting spots in the entire new mexico in this area. you can
also do kayak or paddleboard. on the other hand, you can stay still and enjoy
the finest hot springs and day spas.





hot air ballooning
taos lies on the plateau in the high altitude between two mountain ranges and that makes it a great place for hot air ballooning. if you are not afraid of heights you can enjoy the tour from the starting point at the edge of the rio grande gorge all the way to the great volcanic plains from where you can see the highest peaks of the rocky mountains. sounds exciting? sure is!








search for:





recent posts

aliens of new mexico
new mexico



february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« dec
 
 












	copyright © 2019 taos casa benavides





















