




brown squirrel furniture | knoxville, east tennessee, oak ridge, maryville, tennessee




















skip to main content

































search









locations

come say hello!


brown squirrel furniture
9901 sherrill boulevardknoxville, tn 37932
865-693-1291



get directions




sign in



search





search
















locations


sign in



































































































thank you for making our home part of your homefor more than 50 years, brown squirrel furniture has been serving east tennessee, western north carolina, and southeastern kentucky, providing quality home furnishings at prices that represent the best possible value. those 50+ years are filled with our gratitude for the customers that have led us toward being the best that we can be. it goes without saying that each one of you has a piece of our heart. we are a family-owned store, which we think still means a lot. many of our customers are also our friends - people we see every day. and, we will continue to do all that is possible to make sure that you are happy with the furniture that you have purchased at our store. why? because we want you all to keep coming back!what's new?check out our latest promotionsshop nowshop by roomliving roombedroomdining roommattresseshome officeentertainmentaccents & decorurban living collectionworn finishes, reclaimed wood, custom upholstery & metal. contemporary looks with lots of styleview productsall new made in americagalleryvisit our galleryenglandcustom upholsterygalleryvisit our gallerybrowse oursleepgalleryvisit our gallerythink now!the problem with many furniture stores is that when you buy something, you have to wait. wait for shipping to the store. wait for delivery to your home. in some cases, even wait for weeks before they even make the furniture.at brown squirrel, with our 3-acre warehouse and showroom, things are a little different. you can see what you want, buy it, and take it home today in your own vehicle. no waiting. if we do need to special order a piece or a collection, we know-how to work the supply chain to your advantage, resulting in optimal lead times.we also have a super-efficient delivery system where our truck comes to your home, when you expect it to be there with skilled delivery crews that carefully bring your furniture in and place it where you want it.that’s one big reason to shop here. you get what you want—when you want it from a team of professionals focused on your well being and happiness.your gateway to a welcoming homefounded by the matthews family in 1971, brown squirrel furniture has been a cherished part of knoxville, tennessee. just as the matthews family established our roots, we are committed to providing each customer with the unparalleled service, diverse selection, and memorable experience they deserve. from the moment you step through our doors, you're not just a visitor; you become an integral part of the brown squirrel furniture family. come and explore our showroom today, where east tennessee hospitality meets exceptional furniture choices. your journey to finding the perfect pieces for your home begins with us.smith brothersexcellent frame construction - a team of highly skilled engineers and craftsmen design each style with the utmost attention to quality.view productshigh qualityleather galleryshop leatherwe haveconvenient financing optionsapply nowmake a differencebuy locallearn morerevamp your space, boost your comfort#revampcomfort | @brownsquirrel_furniture










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?

























brown squirrel furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. brown squirrel furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the knoxville, east tennessee, oak ridge, maryville, tennessee area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information
























