



***florian greenhouse*** sun rooms conservatories greenhouses and sun room kits




































































































































































*recently completed projects* 




poulsbo, wa




gainesville, ga







west milford, nj




university of alabama





florian donates greenhouse for children with autism



edmund, ok










































thank you for your interest in florian’s beautiful room additions, greenhouse kits and all of our other exciting products. for over sixty years, florian solar products has been one of the leading companies in solarium and greenhouse design and manufacturing. bringing the outdoors in is what florian’s sierra sun room is all about. let nature decorate your home with a florian room addition. designed into every sierra sun room is the highest degree of thermal integrity possible, which makes the sierra sun room 200% more energy efficient than our competitors. most manufacturers start with a well insulated design, but then make the mistake of using metal screws or bolts for their pressure plates or caps. each of these fasteners conduct heat and cold right through the so-called thermally broken frame. sierra’s exclusive nylon clip assembly system is proven thermally broken. these clips enable the sierra sun room to go together faster and with even pressure between the frame, gasket, and glass. the thermal break is preserved, and your energy bill will reflect it. for the do-it-yourselfer, the sierra sun room line is available as a kit, ready for assembly on your prepared site. standard geneva greenhouses are also available as a kit. contact a florian sales representative at info@floriangreenhouse.com or call 1-800-356-7426 







sierra room sun room - geneva greenhouse and greenhouse kits - woodhaven solarium sun room - monarch conservatory - commercial sales






























































