







cabins4less for cabin rentals in big bear lake, ca



















skip to main content























 












 







 


 home

 

rates & reservations





















 home

 



































        enjoy a cabin!    


    
        lakefronts & village - book w/ 5-star super host    
    


        by wander collective    


















 questions?  call or text:  (909) 707-6177 







 cabin rentals in big bear lake, ca




 









 









 












        a place to unwind    big bear lake is a small city in southern california. it sits on the banks of fish-filled big bear lake. it’s known for bear mountain ski resort, with its terrain parks and learner slopes, and family-friendly snow summit ski resort. boutiques, gift shops and restaurants line the streets of big bear lake village, the commercial area. surrounding the city, the rugged san bernardino national forest has mountain trails.




        welcome to cabins4less    vintage cabins and 10 modern lakefront condos all nestled along the southwest side of big bear lake. just minutes to ski resorts, shopping, restaurants, bars, and breweries - our no-cleaning fee rentals are perfect for recreational travelers and weekend wanderers!



    
        click for rates    
    






        amenities    

 fireplace   kitchenette   comfortable beds   cable tv & wi-fi   pet-friendly   bbq & picnic table   hot shower   without all the extra fees! 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 









 anytime of year, big bear rocks!


 





ski & snowboard







snow sledding







hiking & biking







watersports















                        cabins4less office                    
39212 big bear blvd
big bear lake, ca 92315






        contact    call/text: (909) 707-6177
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.


        social    
 


















        big bear boulder lake    







©  cabins4less. all rights reserved.


 




