























globalization | mcmaster university













































































skip to mcmaster navigation
skip to site navigation
skip to main content




mcmaster logo

faculty of social sciencesglobalization 

search buttonmenu button







					main menu
				

homeabout

mission & visoncontact informationadministrative contactsnews & events

undergraduate

interdisciplinary minor in globalization studiesundergraduate courses & course outlinesacademic advisingrequest information

graduate

master of arts in globalizationgraduate courses & course outlines

researchpeopleget info

future undergraduate studentsfuture graduate studentsdonors & alumni

















globalization










globalization







 

since its inception in 1998, the institute on globalization and the human condition (ighc) has contributed to research and teaching excellence about globalizing processes and how these come to bear upon our lives, our communities, and the environment in which we live.
graduate students learn about these processes through the unique interdisciplinary ma in globalization studies, which provides students with the opportunity to think creatively about cultural, political, social and economic globalizing processes in the contemporary era, as well as through ighc’s participation in the msc in global health.
learn more about the ighc 




 







 want to learn more?

 are you interested in a social science degree? we're here to guide you through the process.



                          request information                        









information box group 


























interdisciplinary minor learn more 


discover more about our interdisciplinary minor in globalization studies




































graduate program learn more 

learn more about our globalization graduate program.



































graduate courses & course outlines learn more 

view graduate courses and course outlines to find assignments, due dates and more.



































undergraduate courses & course outlines learn more 

view your undergraduate course outlines to find assignments, due dates and more.








 
 







 student advising & support

 connect with one of our academic advisors and find the resources you need to help you on your academic journey.



                          connect now                        










latest news






 



              globalization instructor highlight: dr. stockdale on a minor in globalization            


departmental news



january 23, 2025









 



              globalization student highlight: kristen and the diamond industry            


departmental news



january 6, 2025









 



              now accepting ma applications!            


departmental news



december 24, 2024




 


            read more news stories          




quick links 















research learn more 
explore our recent research findings, that shed light on emerging trends and key insights in globalization.
























careers & experiential education (cee) learn more 
careers and experiential education offers students hands-on learning and practical experience to prepare them for the workforce.
























alumni learn more 
connect with alumni from across the mcmaster community.








 
 







 support our students

 your donations help provide vital resources and opportunities to support students in their academic journey.



                          donate now                        




















twitterfacebookinstagram 






contact
general inquiries
phone: (905) 525-9140, ext. 27556
email: globalhc@mcmaster.ca


address
institute on globalization and the human condition (ighc)
mcmaster university
kth 724,
1280 main street west
hamilton, ontario, canada
l8s 4k1
campus map & driving directions


accessibility
mcmaster university is dedicated to ensuring web accessibility for everyone.
if you require any content in an alternate format, please e-mail us, and we will respond as promptly as possible.











if there is an aoda web accessibility issue with this website, please report it to media production services using our aoda bug reporting form. 


this website is powered by macsites






mcmaster logo


contact
terms & conditions
privacy policy





















1280 main street west  hamilton, ontario  l8s 4l8
(905) 525-9140

© 2025 mcmaster university














