





jim hawkins' multimedia home page











click on image for enlarged panorama taken from jersey city, nj
jim hawkins multimedia homepage









jim hawkins homepage "explorer"












broadcast
						technology


ham radio


music
						compositions















3d art


nature


photography













middletown, nj
						hojos


vacuum tube
						3d art






jim hawkins software development history



jim hawkins dartmouth basic interpreter













"be a light in someone else's time of darkness."
"multitasking: screwing
up several things at once."

multitasking creates health problems.

"they that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." benjamin franklin

"a life lived in fear is a life half lived."
tara morice as fran, from the movie "strictly ballroom"

"insanity is the belief that you can get different results by doing the same thing over and over." albert
einstein

"all matter originates and exists only by virtue of a force. we must assume that behind this force
is the existence of a conscious and intelligent mind. this mind is the matrix of all matter."

max planck, nobel prize-winning father of quantum theory

"some of the greatest ideas and inventions come from those who do
not have enough experience or knowledge to know the impossibilities!" - jim hawkins




accessed

times since january 1, 1996.








home pages of friends of mine (alphabetically by last name).
rich drake moved from up north in the "polar
	cap of nj" to a lovely place in md. he won't need the snowblower quite as often. i've known him since 1978
	and worked for 3 companies that he has worked for.
tony dee - dj of wmtr-am 1250 and
	broadcast engineer. co-owner of wodi-am 1230
	radio.
tom mcnally website
chief engineer of atlantic city radio stations
	and other south nj stations. pictures of wfpg-tv, tom's car collection and more.
paula payne 
	paula likes to travel. see her photo album.
andrew ruel 
	owner of earth vision photo art gallery in kennebunk, me.
barbara svachak 
	excellent photos taken on barbara's travels, such as figure skaters, 1995 ny renaissance festival, san francisco,
	ca and more.



