
















china feng shui products wholesale: pakua. i-ching coin, fortune bell, 
lucky bamboo, auspicious zodiac animal, dragon, taoism, new age and folk arts 
from china directly.




¡¡







china feng shui sources



best supplier of feng shui & new age gifts
from 
	china directly!


















           





           

heaven luck is practically 
			impossible to change, but since our actual luck is not only the 
			result of our fate at the time of birth, but also the result of our 
			actions and the impact of the energy around us, we can definitively 
			modify destiny by manipulating our mankind luck (personal behavior) 
			and/or earth luck (feng shui). hence, besides working hard and 
			making the right choices, we can improve our lives by incorporating 
			the principles of feng shui into our lives.

			feng shui is an ancient art and science practised in the far east 
			for over 5,000 years. it is a complex body of knowledge that reveals 
			how to balance the energies of any given space to assure the health 
			and good fortune for people inhabiting it. feng means "wind" and 
			shui means "water" and feng shui, is the art of living in harmony 
			with the earth. according to feng shui, when we live our lives in 
			harmony with the earth, we invite the universe's natural gifts of 
			peace, happiness and abundance into our lives.

			feng shui can be broadly categorized into classical feng shui and 
			symbolic feng shui. classical feng shui achieves harmony and balance 
			by manipulating or managing the existing qi in a house or a given 
			location while symbolic feng shui uses objects, often of chinese 
			influence, to remedy or enhance a location. the latter is frequently 
			the approach employed by modern feng shui practitioners and is thus 
			sometimes referred to as new age feng shui.

			given the complexities of classical feng shui, many have opted to 
			improve their lives by applying the techniques involved in symbolic 
			feng shui, which has gained immense popularity in recent years due 
			to its ease of implementation and tremendous effectiveness. it's a 
			simple matter of placing the right objects, colors, and shapes in 
			the right locations to achieve harmony with nature and with 
			yourself. feng shui enhancers consciously placed in the right feng 
			shui orientation of your home or office can help to harness the chi 
			which harmonizes the area of its influence, bringing about good 
			fortune, good health, prosperity and happiness to the practitioner. 
			conversely, feng shui cures work by reducing, neutralizing or 
			deflecting the negative chi.

			at fengshuisources.com, you will find over thousands of feng shui 
			enhancers, remedies and cures such as protection talisman, health 
			enhancers, i ching coins, feng shui crystals, love luck enhancers, 
			amulets, laughing buddha and so much more at very low prices. each 
			of our cures and enhancers will be accompanied by information and 
			feng shui tips which will help you to choose the proper good fortune 
			symbols to energize your bedroom, home or office in order to improve 
			any of the 8 aspirations in life: career, education, fame, family, 
			health, love, mentor and wealth luck.




           




bagua mirror

ching coin


compass


carp, fish, 
	arowana



god of wealth


mystic knot

elephant


laughing buddha




bagua mirror

money frog

kuan yin


lucky bamboo



kuan kung

candle holder

horse

wedding gifts




feng shui tool



love feng shui

wealth pig


water fountain




wind chime


dragon


zodiac


feng shui painting




wealth tree


crystal



tortoise


folk plaque




wood netsuke



	fu dogs/kylin

churinga cards

       














please chat with us by 
	skype:  chinafeitian 
a subject site of
	
	orientarts.com
2001-2018 all copyright 
	 

© by
	

china gifts & crafts wholesale 




