





 

fire truck manufacturer & emergency vehicles - e-one


























































 







































































 skip to content



 


search for:









toggle navigationfire trucksvector™emax™vm8e-one® vm8 pumpers were designed from the ground up to deliver the maximum amount of water to the scene with the minimum amount of personnel. vm8 pumpers are rugged yet compact, easy-to-operate vehicles designed to meet demanding suburban, rural and urban-interface operational needs. when the scene demands large amounts of water, the vm8 pumpers answer the call.custom chassispumperstankersaerial ladderaerial platformrescuesindustrialdefenderaircraft rescue fire fighting (arff)ecologic®new deliveriesproduct advancementsservicescustomer serviceparts & accessoriesclasses & stafffinancingoperator manualsdealersus & canada dealer searchabout50 years of e-onealuminum and stainless steelcooperative purchasing contractsresourcescooperative contractse-one calendar trucksfire lockerproduct info sheetsprivacy statementeventscareersnewscontact us
 





home2022-07-18t13:52:42-05:00


 





pumpers configured to 
meet your needs. 
							pumpers 
							 


engineered to 
excel every day.
truck of the month 
							 


the first north american
style fully electric
fire truck 
							vector electric truck 
							 


get an inside look
at our products. 
							youtube channel 
							 


more power than 
ever before. 
							titan arff 
							 


not all aerials 
are built alike. 
							aerials 
							 


mission critical. 
built to last. 
							rescue page 
							 


we innovate
every day. 
							product advancements 
							 





e-one manufactures custom, heavy-duty fire trucks.e-one is the pioneer—the leader. founded in 1974 by an industrial engineer a revolutionary concept, e-one designed and manufactured the first modular, extruded aluminum fire truck and body. the innovative e-one structure undergone extensive successful testing well beyond industry standards crush providing the highest safety and dependability our first responders. today, e-one is the global full-spectrum manufacturer of pumpers, tankers, aerial ladders and platforms, rescues, industrials and arffs.
e-one, a full-spectrum builder of fire apparatus, is the pioneer and recognized leader in extruded aluminum and stainless steel construction. advancedengineering, fully integrated manufacturing and a highly engaged dealer network, the proud customer-focused e-one team delivers strength through excellence.








aerial ladder











aerial platform











aircraft rescue fire fighting (arff)











custom chassis











emax™











pumpers











vm8











rescues











tankers











industrial





walk around videoshave an inside look at our full product line, including both extruded aluminum and stainless steel apparatus.
see production videos from our world-class facilities as we engineer and build industry leading fire rescue vehicles, custom chassis, cabs, bodies, tankers and aerial devices. 
follow our channel to stay informed on the latest innovative product launches, new truck deliveries, and customer experiences.

youtube channel
new deliveriesfor over 40 years, e-one has been an industry leader in the engineering, manufacturing and delivery of fire trucks worldwide. and every e-one fire apparatus is built from the ground up for performance you can count on. here are some of our latest new deliveries.

check it out
view gallery
we innovate every day.vehicle advancementsleading the way with advanced engineering and innovative design, e-one is an industry leader in product innovations, new technologies and exceeding customer expectations.








active air purification system


keep your crew safe. designed with advanced photohydroionization® (phi cell) and uv technology, the active air purification system kills 99% of pathogens, including the virus...

read more








axis smart truck technology


axis™ smart truck technology is a secure intelligent truck system engineered specifically for e-one emergency response vehicles. axis™ smart truck technology connects to the components...

read more








eco idle-tec


with the eco idle-tec idle mitigation system, operation costs are reduced with less fuel consumption and less engine wear. the eco idle-tec battery powered idle...

read more


we innovate every day.leading the way with advanced engineering and innovative design, e-one is an industry leader in product innovations, new technologies and exceeding customer expectations.

check it out
view gallery
find an e-one dealersearch for the e-one dealer closest to you!
find dealer



 
 
productsstock unitsnew deliveriesprotechservicescustomer serviceclasses & staffdealersworld-wide dealer networkus & canada dealer searchaboutquality & isoaluminum and stainless steelcompany timelinenews and releasesresourcescooperative purchasing contractse-one calendar trucksfire lockercontact usprivacy statementada compliance statementcalifornia assembly bill 1305 disclosurecareerscopyright 2021 e-one. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link



 























































































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




 


go to top




