home | first watch credit union | abilene, tx  








homeskip to main contentskip to footerview sitemapdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. close main alert    got it, thanks!  first watch credit union   open main site menu  open site search  login to online banking make a payment  open site searchchoose your path.

bank


checking accounts

savings accounts

investments

youth accounts

rates & fees



borrow


apply for loan

personal loans

auto loans

motorcycle, rv & boat

credit cards

mortgages

home equity

skip-a-payment

rates & fees



member services


new mobile app & online banking

account access

convenience services

text services

how to videos

faqs

useful forms

real member stories



connect


how to join

locations & atms

contact us

news & events

leadership

community outreach

publications

history

for sale

holidays



 close menu looking for something?enter a keyword find it fast

frequent searches


personal checking

mortgages

reorder checks

rates & fees



 close search access your account.select a login type online bankingcredit cardconsumer loan applicationonline loan paymentsmortgage applicationenter user id log me inforgot passwordenrollloginget started on loan applicationmake paymentget started on mortgage application close online bankingfirst watch credit union   
digital banking
the new and improved digital banking system

learn more    direct deposit
get paid up to 2 days early. 
learn more    skip-a-payment
cushion your budget with skip-a-payment
learn more pause the hero's autoplay. 
join now
apply for loan
make a payment
my card info
    mortgages
the perfect place to call home.
we've made it easy for you to get a loan by offering online loan application services for both consumer and real estate loans.
apply for a loan  read what others are saying.    justin jaworski 
in today’s busy world, first watch has provided every convenience to manage my finances from anywhere on any device with first-rate customer service.
read justin's story    diana
fwcu understands that i have several commitments for my time and energy. they always show respect for me and my time by providing their support as quickly as possible.
read diana's story     pause the member stories' autoplay.   checking accounts
your checking account is the center of your financial life. that's why at first watch credit union we focus on offering  free checking products.
view checking accounts      auto loans
whether it's that red convertible you've had your eye on or an suv suited for your growing family, first watch credit union makes buying the right vehicle easy.
discover auto loans      youth accounts
adults aren't one-size-fits-all and neither are kids. that's why first watch credit union offers different accounts with features that are kid (and parent) approved.
choose a youth account    customer service  our first goal.
first watch credit union's goal is to provide our members with the best and most comprehensive list of in-branch and online services.  stay in the loop.
stay up to date with first watch credit union by subscribing to our email newsletter. 
leave me blank for email collection.

* required fieldsemail sign up formfirst name* last name* email address* sign me up there was an error submitting the form.javascript noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location.thank you for signing up!someone from our office will reach out to you soon, if necessary. go to the top of the pagefirst watch credit union  home page

connect


how to join

contact us

locations & atms

holidays



legal


internet privacy

privacy notice

disclosures



social


facebook

instagram

linkedin

pinterest



 ncua equal housing lendernmls# 746450©  first watch credit union  
