







	
	pages - ada





















































































ky.
                            gov
                            

an official website of the commonwealth of kentucky
                        



governor
                            










skip content
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
                






















										state employee and benefit participant team members extranet site
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    






search
										
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        




it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.











sign in







menu
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                




benefits    
											
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            




adoption benefits        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


deferred compensation        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


health insurance        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


holidays and leave        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


dental, vision, life insurance
                                                       
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


pay        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


retirement          
												
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                                                                
                                              
                                                
                                                
                                                




resources    
											
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            




americans with disabilities act (ada)       
												                                                    
	                                              
                                                
                                                                                          
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


employee resource groups       
												                                                    
	                                              
                                                
                                                                                          
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


giving back        
												                                                    
	                                              
 
                                               
                                                
                                                


hr administrators
                                        
                                        
                                                


managers
                                        
                                        
                                                



rewards and recognition        
												
                                                
                                                
                                                                                        
                                                
                                                
                                                


suggestion system       
												                                                    
	                                              
 
                                               
                                                
                                                


training and development        
												
                                                
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                




services    
								            
                                            




diversity, equality and training       
										            
                                                


the governor's lead conference        
									           
                                                


employment verification        
									           
                                                


governmental services center        
									           
                                                


kentucky employee assistance program        
									           
                                                


mediation and workplace resolution       
									           
                                                


office of the ombudsman      
									           
                                                


performance management      
									           
                                                


return to work       
									           
                                                


safety       
									           
                                                




find a job
										
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        


news
										
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        




mypurpose
                                        
                                        
                                        


khris    
								            
                                            




khris login
		                                        
		                                        
		                                        


quick access
		                                        
		                                        
		                                        



















site contents









page content​​​​​​​​ 
   home > 
   ada

 
     americans with disabilities act (ada)​the americans with disabilities act bans discrimination based on disability and requires employers, businesses and state and local governments to take reasonable steps to accommodate people with disabilities.for questions related to state government employment or services, please contact the state ada coordinator via email at syl.flores@ky.gov or by phone at 502.782.9523. ​​​​ ada ​resourcesfor more  information, please visit the southeast ada center at www.adasoutheast.org

































general information
  general information   ada fact sheets   ada and postsecondary education   department of justice standards for accessible design    



key resources
  job accomodation network   eeoc   u.s. department of justice   commission on human rights   helpful links/resources 



state employees
  state ada plan   state agency ada coordinators   diversity, equality, and training   employee assistance program   employee mediation program  






disclaimer:
 the goal of this web page is to provide a general overview of the americans with disabilities act, and thus should be used for informational purposes only. for the sake of brevity, this site only provides summaries and highlights of the many components of the ada. readers interested in a comprehensive discussion of the law should contact the 
      u.s. department of justice  for in-depth ada information. no endorsement is intended or made of any hypertext link, product, service, or information either by its inclusion or exclusion from this page or site.  while all attempts are made to ensure the correctness and suitability of information under our control and to correct any errors brought to our attention, no representation or guarantee can be made as to the correctness or suitability of that information or any linked information presented, referenced, or implied.  all critical information should be independently verified.  the inclusion of links from this site does not imply endorsement by the personnel cabinet or the ada coordinator.  any questions should be directed to the administrators of this or any other specific sites.





















follow us on
                                    
                                    
                                    



facebook                                                                        



twitter                                                                        



youtube                                                                        




linkedin                                                                                                            











policies
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        



eeo statement
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                



statutes and regulations                                     
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                







need help?
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        


contact personnel cabinet
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


contact agency hr office
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


hr systems
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


provide feedback
												
                                                    
                                                
                                                


report an issue
												
                                                    
                                                
                                                






about us
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        


home
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                


about the personnel cabinet
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                



















policies
                                        


security
                                        


disclaimer
                                        


accessibility
                                        














© 
								 
                                        


								 commonwealth of kentucky.                                    
all rights reserved.
                                    



kentucky.gov
                                        























