










homepage - institution of engineering designers















































































































												01373 822801										


ied@ied.org.uk
















































home
about

who are we?
organisation
history
governance
support

volunteering
donations


faq
policies

terms and conditions
complaints policy
whistle-blowing policy
sustainable development policy
cpd policy
privacy policy
cookie policy
inclusion, equity and diversity policy
safeguarding policy




learning and development

training & qualifications

accredited courses
accreditation process
approved training


young learners
apprentices
students


membership & registration

what’s my route?

membership
membership and professional registration


membership

apply online


professional registration

engineering council
technological product design registration
environmental design
computer aided design




community

news
events

annual general meeting


awards
volunteering
donations


ed magazine
jobs


















welcome to the ied website 
										





 















				about the			

					institution				



		founded in 1945, chartered in 2012, the ied is the premier membership body representing engineering and product designers. we aim to support and inspire our members to achieve their career goals and professional aspirations.	


more





latest post










								february 11, 2025							


									current volunteering opportunities available to ied members							
								



















								october 03, 2024							


									engineering council publishes updated guide for 2024-2025 professional registration							
								






















				our			

					vision				



		to be at the heart of the professional design and technology community.	






					become a member				



		membership of the ied is open to all who work in, study, manage, research, teach or practice design. membership is welcomed at all grades of academic study and levels of expertise. the purpose of the ied is to support our members to achieve their career goals by mentoring and guiding designers to the appropriate grade of professional registration.	


more








					what we do				



		we work with our members to help them achieve their goals in professional recognition. we offer support, guidance and mentoring through the membership and registration processes. we work with colleges and universities regarding the quality of their engineering design and product design courses. we collaborate with other organisations to improve the standing and respect for engineers and designers across the world, advising government on relevant policy, contributing to think tanks and instigating conversations about the future for design and engineering and ensuring our members' influence in society.	




					our partners				

				some of the businesses that we work with		
			






























































 











about


						founded in 1945, chartered in 2012, the ied is the premier membership body representing engineering and product designers. we aim to support and inspire our members to achieve their career goals and professional aspirations.					




recent posts










											11 feb 2025										


												current volunteering opportunities available to ied members											



0













											03 oct 2024										


												engineering council publishes updated guide for 2024-2025 professional registration											



0









get in touch



the institution of engineering designers
courtleigh, westbury leigh
westbury, wiltshire
ba13 3ta



01373 822801




ied@ied.org.uk














						copyright © institution of engineering designers.					








































































