
blue ridge institute & museum

















































skip to content









apply
visit
request info
give
athletics
student life
financial aid
sign-in
 



  
 menu



 close



homeexpand
visitexpand

visit usexpand
hours & admissionexpand

group accommodationsexpand


exhibits & collectionsexpand
blue ridge farm museumexpand
directions & mapsexpand
collections & research expand

blue ridge heritage archivesexpand


music trails & travel guidesexpand
frequently asked questionsexpand


aboutexpand

about usexpand
staffexpand
contact usexpand
blue ridge heritage archivesexpand
music trails & travel guidesexpand
internshipsexpand


what’s newexpand

eventsexpand

upcoming eventsexpand
blue ridge folklife festivalexpand


exhibitsexpand
newsexpand


shopexpand
giveexpand
contactexpand

contactexpand
subscribeexpand
faqexpand


 

login
news
events
blog
directory
stanley library
blue ridge institute & museum
smith mountain lake water quality program
 



search blue ridge institute & museum

 search



login
news
events
blog
directory
stanley library
blue ridge institute & museum
smith mountain lake water quality program
 



admitted students
current students
parents & families
alumni & friends
faculty & staff
 

apply
info
give
 



 


moonshine: blue ridge style


featured exhibit: sipping in the blue ridge  explore the exhibit


a new look at the pastupcoming eventsfeb24monday night jam❯mar03monday night jam❯mar10monday night jam❯mar17monday night jam❯mar24monday night jam❯explore all eventsplan your visitfrom museum exhibits and living history to the many events we hold throughout the year, there is something for everyone at the brim. learn morewhat brings you to the brim?folklife legacyexplore the traditions of the past and the folkways woven through the fabric of modern life. brim for localschildren’s educationbrim offers field trips and other activities for school, homeschoolers, and families as the largest living history museum in southwest virginia. brim for kidscultural awarenessas the virginia state center for blue ridge folklore, the brim shares blue ridge and appalachian culture around the world.not from around here?photo exhibitfull throttle: racing and rodding in southwest and central virginiasince the early 1900s southwest virginia has had a love affair with fast automobiles. the stock cars racing around rural oval tracks, the dragsters roaring down small-town drag strips, the hot rods cruising through teen hangouts, the moonshine liquor cars passing through the darkness, and the muscle cars rumbling at stoplights all have a chapter in the region’s heritage.explore the exhibitthe crooked roadvirginia's heritage music trailexplore appalachian music50 years of brimexhibits & collectionsthe vanishing schools of franklin countyexplore the exhibitchris demaria’s “now we stand outcastexplore the exhibitgallery exhibitsouthwest virginia plein air paintersexplore the exhibitexplore exhibits & collectionsbrim newspublished on april 12, 2023yesterday, today, and tomorrow.dorothy cundiff was a prominent historian and businesswoman in franklin county. throughout her lifetime she gathered photos, documents, stories, and family histories from all over the county. students from ferrum…
read morepublished on march 31, 2023 / last updated on april 12, 2023the crooked roadloving our brand new crooked road banner! we wore out our other one! the brim is a major venue along this amazing heritage music trail in the old dominion! there’s…
read morepublished on march 19, 2023 / last updated on april 12, 2023photos at the farmphotos with a historic twist! it takes a team! we appreciate brad holley photography for yesterday’s amazing (and very affordable) mini photo sessions at the 1800 farm—complete with baby chicks…
read moreall brim news 




  




questions? driving directions? need info?plan your trip to brimfrequently asked questionsbrim storeget updates 




facebook
instagram
twitter
flickr
linkedin
youtube
 


home
visit
about
what’s new
shop
give
contact
 

apply
info
give
 


© 2025 blue ridge institute & museum

accessibility
notice of nondiscrimination
title ix
accreditation
privacy & security
 


 






closed 



the brim will be closed on wednesday, may 17th 2023 for professional staff development. 















































