

local weather forecast, news and conditions | weather underground



























































 skip to main content _  sensor network
 maps & radar
 severe weather
 news & blogs
 mobile apps
 more
searchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citieslog inaccount_box log in settings settings sensor networkmaps & radarsevere weathernews & blogsmobile appshistorical weatherstarcurrent weather for popular cities  san francisco, ca 52 °ffair manhattan, ny warning27 °fclear schiller park, il (60176) 1 °fpartly cloudy boston, ma warning18 °fclear houston, tx warning53 °fpartly cloudy st james's, england, united kingdom 41 °ffairsearchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citiessettings --feels like -- ---- / --------------------12am6amnoon6pm12amfeb 18+0000feb 19full forecastanother winter storm, another swath of snow across the nationa new winter storm is on the horizon, and it could bring heavy snow and ice to the central u.s. before taking aim at the mid-atlantic. here's what you need to know.another winter storm, another swath of snow across the nationice to become major problem in mid-atlantic tomorrowice could cause travel troubles in parts of the carolinas and southern virginia as winter storm kingston sweeps through midweek. power outages will also be possible in places like norfolk, raleigh and wilmington. here’s what you need to know.ice to become major problem in mid-atlantic tomorrowcleanup begins after catastrophic flooding in virginiavirginia gov. glenn youngkin has asked president donald trump for an expedited major disaster declaration after devastating weekend floods in the southwestern part of his state. the governor said this is the fifth major flood in this area in five years. many people in the region are still trying to recover from hurricane helene. new video takes you to one of the hardest-hit areas, buchanan county.cleanup begins after catastrophic flooding in virginiabuilding crumbles under heavy snow in massachusettsa building collapsed over the weekend in brookline, massachusetts, and heavy snow may have been a contributing factor. bricks scattered the road, crushed a car and damaged several others after a wall of the building crashed to the ground. winter storm jett dumped 5 to 6 inches of snow on the area over the weekend.building crumbles under heavy snow in massachusettsef2 tornado hits tennessee town during winter storman ef2 tornado was confirmed in bradford, tennessee, during severe weekend storms that pummeled the south with rain and flooding. the twister tore open homes saturday night. watch this video to see the trail of damage and learn the latest.ef2 tornado hits tennessee town during winter stormour appsabout uscontactcareerspws networkwundermapfeedback & supportterms of useprivacy policyaccessibility statementadchoicesdata vendorswe recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. we may use or share your data with our data vendors. take control of your data.data rights© copyright twc product and technology llc 2014, 2025

please enable javascript to continue using this application.

