




the half moon | iconic music venue and great pub in putney
































































































gift vouchers
book now







home
tickets & events
food & drink
about the venue
pub events
blog
contact




work with us










020 8780 9383


halfmoon@youngs.co.uk

instagram
facebook
twitter
















welcome to the half moon welcome to the half moon; a historic pub & music venue in the heart of putney. at just a short ramble from putney bridge and putney overground station, we're a great spot to pop in for a pint and a bite when next you're out and about. 
book a table







beat the mid-winter blues say goodbye to winter gloom and hello to our february set menu – a delicious celebration of the uk's finest mid-winter produce. indulge in two courses for just £18 or go all out with three courses for £22, available weekdays from feb 3rd - feb 28th. 
the menu







2025 six nations the 2025 six nations will be here before you know it, so why not get ahead of the scrum and book your spot now. we'll be showing every big hit, last-minute try, and heart-stopping moment on our screens throughout the pub. 

fixtures







live music  the half moon may look like just a great local pub a first glance, but step inside and you'll also find our iconic music venue. since the early 60's the half moon has been earning the respect of london's gig-goers, putting on unforgettable live shows in putney every night of the week!
gigs & tickets







our blog  head over to the our blog – your front-row seat to the hottest happenings at the half moon; from exclusive interviews with your favourite artists to our ‘ones to watch in 2024’, we’re here to spill the beans on all thing that make the half moon the place to be.
our blog 









020 8780 9383


halfmoon@youngs.co.uk


                                
                                open today 
                            









welcome, putney!
the half moon has been rolling with the good times at putney bridge on the banks of the thames for decades. whether it’s the live music or a rumbling belly that brings you to our doors, we’re sure you’ll like what you find inside. from expertly poured pints & seasonal british pub food, to live entertainment and private parties, we do it all, and we do it well.
we are often touted as one of london’s most iconic music venues, having stood proud in the heart of putney since the sixties. and it really is no wonder, with some of our greatest hits including u2’s first sellout uk concert, kd lang’s first uk appearance, and kate bush’s first public show.
 

book a spot















live music
the half moon has been rockin’ and rollin’ since the early ’60’s, cementing our reputation as one of london’s best live music venues. with a show on every night of the week there’s no need for fomo- check out our listings and book your tickets below!

tickets here
















our february set menu
turns out you loved our january menu so much, we couldn’t possibly bin it. so, (drum roll please) it’s staying for february!
enjoy two or three courses celebrating of the uk’s finest mid-winter produce from just £18. think rich west country beef, zesty lincolnshire brussel tops, and tender hertfordshire chicken. this menu is a burst of colour and flavour guaranteed to brighten even the greyest february day. so, ready to treat yourself? check out the full menu below and book your table now, available weekdays from feb 3rd – feb 28th.

the menu
















food & drink
our kitchen is open every day, serving the finest british, seasonal, pub food! join us for a light lunch, hearty dinner, or the best sunday roast in putney, all washed down with your favourite tipple from our selection of draught beers, cask ales & fine wines.

menus









2025 six nations


fixtures







































top place!!
fab venue with lots of good music from a variety of artists !! the food was excellent too …..top place !!

steve powell




good range of beers
a good pub with a good range of beers and a separate music venue off the main bar – lots of good tribute and original bands play regularly. generous outside area with a burger shack too! ??

warwick franklin




vibrant venue
a stone’s throw from the river, this vibrant venue continues to draw renowned musicians and live music fans from all over the world, year after year, and the cracking selection of hearty fresh pub grub makes it too good a gig to miss.

time out









keep in touch with our very latest news, events, tipples and treats

great! you're all signed up.

please confirm your communication preferences below.







first name*





last name*





email*





birthday





















sign me up for offers, news and promotions, mainly via email *








 


yes please





                in future we may tailor emails and online advertising based on your location and what you’ve shown an interest in. by clicking on ‘yes please’ on the above, you’re accepting our privacy & cookie policy. young & co.’s brewery, p.l.c and its group of companies are committed to protecting your data and it will be processed in accordance with our privacy & cookie policy which can be found at www.youngs.co.uk/privacy-policy. please read this before clicking ‘yes please’. promoter: young & co.’s brewery p.l.c, copper house, 5 garratt lane, wandsworth, london, sw18 4aq. registered in england & wales company no. 32762
            









93 lower richmond road, putney, london, sw15 1eu



020 8780 9383


halfmoon@youngs.co.uk





opening hours
monday: 12pm-11pm tuesday: 12pm-11pm wednesday: 12pm-11pm   thursday: 12pm-12am friday: 12pm-12amsaturday: 12pm-12amsunday: 12pm-11pm 




food service timesmonday: 12pm - 10pmtuesday: 12pm - 10pmwednesday: 12pm- 10pmthursday: 12pm - 10pmfriday: 12pm - 10pmsaturday: 12pm - 10pmsunday: 12pm - 9pm




instagram
facebook





 twitter




privacy policy
work with us




young & co.’s brewery, p.l.c. place of registration: england and wales.registered number: 32762. registered office: copper house, 5 garratt lane, wandsworth, london, sw18 4aq
site by propeller













our mid-winter treat to you
turns out you loved our january menu so much, we couldn’t possibly bin it. so, (drum roll please) it’s staying for february!
enjoy two or three courses celebrating of the uk’s finest mid-winter produce from just £18. think rich west country beef, zesty lincolnshire brussel tops, and tender hertfordshire chicken. this menu is a burst of colour and flavour guaranteed to brighten even the greyest february day. so, ready to treat yourself? check out the full menu below and book your table now, available weekdays from feb 3rd – feb 28th.

the menu

















