









































grounds services | stanford lbre facilities operations













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
facilities operations
land, buildings & real estate

land, buildings & real estate




search this site

submit search



menu
homewhat we doarchitectural tradesdistrict managementdistrict management staffbuilding manager role & responsibilitiesbuilding systems & utilities shutdownengineering tradesengineering trades guidelinesfacilities maintenance fleet management/machine shopgrounds serviceshorticulture & landscapeoperations centercontracted servicescustodialevent servicesmail & package servicestrash/recyclingutilitiesresourceswho pays for whatrates & feessubmit work requestbuilding management newslettersfacilities information management systemcampus homeowners















 



















welcome to grounds services
the mission of the stanford university grounds services department is to provide a beautiful and safe outdoor experience for students, faculty, staff and visitors.











grounds services







main navigation
skip secondary navigation

secondary navigation

            architectural trades
                      
            district management
                      
            engineering trades
                      
            facilities maintenance 
                      
            fleet management/machine shop
                      
            grounds services
                      
            horticulture & landscape
                      
            operations center
                      
            contracted services
                      
            event services
                      
            mail & package services
                      
            trash/recycling
                      
            utilities
                      




main content start



 



our teams take pride in themselves for being the in-house service of choice since the university began. we provide a stewardship role in the proper care of all outdoor facilities. we are prompt, efficient, and professional in appearance and duties. we "tailor make" our services and are immediately responsive to our diverse clientele.





 



area management
the academic area management crew provides two main categories of services, clean-up maintenance and shrub pruning, to the core academic areas of the campus as well as the specialty areas of campus and residential leaseholders' common areas. our full list of services involve:

shrub pruning
fertilizing
annual planting
hedge renovations
weeding
sweeping and leaf blowing
event clean-up






 



horticulture services
horticulture services provides services to campus departments, including services to project managers, university architect and campus planning, and maps & records. these services involve:

tree inventories, assessments and inspections
arborists’ services
horticultural consultations






 



irrigation
the landscape construction and irrigation crew provide a variety of services to project managers, the university architect and campus planning, and district management. these services involve:

installing new landscapes
renovating existing landscapes
irrigation system inspections
repair and renovations of existing irrigation systems
installation of new irrigation systems
irrigation shut-offs for events






 



landscape services
the landscape services crew offers many services to groups throughout the campus including stanford transportation, and district management. these services involve:

concrete work
asphalt work
brick and paver installation
sign installation
bollard installation
trenching
fencing (wood or chain link)






 



tree crew
the tree crew serves the campus by providing a variety of tree maintenance services to the academic campus and common scrl landscape areas (i.e. parks, greenbelts, and streetside trees). these services involve:

tree pruning
tree removal and stump grinding
tree hazard assessment
shrub and garden tree pruning (faculty/staff)






 



turf management
the equipment operations, or mow crew, services the campus including the academic areas, faculty/staff areas and specialty landscape areas by offering the following services:

full lawn maintenance, including mowing, edging, fertilizing, aerating
minor lawn renovation
flail mowing for fire prevention
weed control in spring/summer seasons






 



horticulture & landscape
visit our horticulture & landscape page for more information about the beautiful grounds of the stanford campus.





 



landscaping construction guidelines 
making changes to your landscape can be a complex process.  use the following tools and guidelines to ensure you get it right.
stanford university facilities design guidelines





 



questions?
for urgent assistance, please call our 24/7 dispatch center at 650-723-2281.
for general questions or status on a work order, you can reach us via email at lbreoperations@stanford.edu.
lbre rates & fees information













    back to top
  










stanford

 
 facilities operations
land, buildings & real estate




        web login
      



address

lbre facilities operations
560 fremont rd
stanford, ca 94305
united states



visit


campus map





quick links


lbre


headsup













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






