






inprocess – building your business once process at a time































skip to content









homeabout   inprocessblogcontact usdemofaqsindustriestraining




inprocess
building your business once process at a time



build quality into your business 


























process accessibility 
build processes and communicate them to your entire organization. update in real time, set processes on a review cycle, and access metric reports to better understand your quality journey.
learn more 


















what is inprocess? 
inprocess™ is an automated, interactive, process mapping software.  it facilitates hands-on analysis and management, based on client recommendations and industry best business practices.  inprocess™  will enable your organization to identify, design, develop,
learn more 


















change management 
in order to thrive, you must be flexible and constantly aware of change that affects you and your organization.  a critical element is to be customer focused to ensure you meet your customer's ever changing needs.   you may have the most efficient processes in the world, but if they don't not meet your customer's needs, you are wasting your time and money.
learn more 


















since 1993






inprocess user spotlight - bernalillo county
bernalillo county (bernco) used inprocess to design, develop and implement a business process management center. this center contains all of the bernco's it business processes.
the main process challenge facing bernco was departmental and inter-departmental communication, as well as process standardization.  process inefficiencies were due to the lack of process consistency, and were compounded by the fact that a large number of county workers are slated to retire within the next five years.  as current employees retire, and new employees enter, job responsibilities need to be correctly transferred in a way that is consistent throughout the it department.
bernco's intention is to make sure that individual and departmental expertise is well documented and easily accessible to all employees who need it. bernco has also documented processes to be used throughout the organization, as an instructional tool, while simultaneously initiating process improvement methodologies.































contact usemailinfo@euroclydon.comphone505-797-3042address5325 wyoming blvd. ne, suite 100
albuquerque, nm 87109








copyright © 2025 inprocess — lyrical theme by godaddy











