


preston!























    
	preston!
	
  
sporty expat australian now living in london. big smile, big personality. big old romantic with my head in the clouds alot of the time. deep inside dwells a dysfunctional creative genius!!!



tuesday, november 27, 2007




blogging comeback marred by tragedyso i return to the world of blogging again, spring-boarded into action by the demise of another relationship.i could really let loose on this one, for i am sure that the ex doesn't read mine, nor any other blog. he doesn't get them.what i can say though, is that i received a text from him today, letting me know the date we can move out of the flat we shared. great timing! the day before my 40th birthday is the day we move out.he sux.



posted by preston @ 7:53 pm  
      
         1 comments






sunday, june 03, 2007




oh the irony of it allso it seems i have been diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis. ok, i can handle that.i have been prescribed a medication, methotrexate, to deal with the pain and swelling in my joints.it seems, that i can only drink limited amounts of alcohol, if any, with this drug.i have moved to dorking (keep reading, it will all make sense soon).i catch the train to work, from dorking to earlsfield.the train route takes me through a vineyard - vines to the left of me, vines to the right...that indeed, is a bitter bitter pill to swallow.......



posted by preston @ 9:05 am  
      
         0 comments






sunday, may 20, 2007




catch up part two1. my dad's coming to town for a month.2. my brother's marriage has broken down.3. am moving to surrey.speaking with my dad on the phone yesterday, he mentioned that david had news for me. david is my brother.immediately, what came to mind was that he was having a baby. why that came to mind first i'll never know? since his wife had a complete hysterectomy about 10 years ago.the next thing that came to mind was that his marriage had broken down.bingo.strange how two opposite sides of the spectrum can offer themselves up as viable alternatives. reminds me of the time my top mate andrew came out. we were driving along in sydney, when he said he had something to tell me. it was an ominous intro, therefore my mind raced to topics that were important/touchy.in reply i said that it was one of two things - either he wanted to start dating me or he was gay. he said gay and i was instantly relieved. not that he's not a great catch or attractive (he's very much both), but he was such a top friend, and overstepping that line would have been wrong.dad coming to england will be great. i have already started planning the itinerary which includes an airshow at duxford and a trip to paris. it seems that climbing the eiffel tower is top of dad's 'things to do' list.on the moving front, my next port of call is dorking, surrey. a lovely town.it seems you can take the girl out of the city but..........my reason for dorking and choosing the flat we are moving to? why, it's only 5 minutes walk to the high street which offers up a smorgasbord of unimaginative chain stores, supermarkets and coffee shops. "it has a costa coffee", i cooed, whilst secretly despising myself for liking the fact that some bland coffee chain which is regurgitated up on many a high street around england is my symbol for success of an area.we looked at a couple of other flats. one was just outside of dorking. just outside.....i shudder at the thought. as we drove, each second that ticked away seemed like an hour. the beautiful trees that form a canopy over the road, the lush gardens, the wide open spaces, the lack of bus stops, the absence of tube stations....the appalling lack of street-after-street of terraced little boxes and no greenery. oh god, i was crawling within fighting the urge to scream. of course iain was in love with the place, ready to say yes, even before we had seen it. this would take a miracle for me to get out of.and the miracle happened.it was a dive. three shades of brown and a kitchen that defied speech, and we were out of there as quick as you could say " you expect £1000 a month for that piece of shit?"anywho, here we are, in the process of moving, from being a city girl to a country girl (kind of), and although i am looking forward to it, i cant help singing the following to myself (thomas you will get this)....new york is where i'd rather stayi get allergic smelling hayi just adore a penthouse viewdarling, i love you,but give me park avenue.stay tuned.....



posted by preston @ 4:58 pm  
      
  





friday, april 20, 2007




time to catch upwell, since the last blog quite alot has happend. unfortunately, as i still take a 'vigorous' view to my intake of alcohol, i cant remember most of it.but here's a breakdown.1. got a boyfriend2. went to oz3. almost had an operation (knee)4. got diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis5. am moving to the countrynot bad for a four month break eh!i will probably go into more detail in future posts, but needless to say, i feel like i'm juggling chainsaws here. cant move around properly, am a little fearful of moving from the city to the country, and have to give up my job promotion and return to my former position as i need to concentrate on my health for a bit and limit my stress.anywho, if anyone actually reads this and knows someone with psoriatic arthritis, then i'd love to hear from you.



posted by preston @ 2:32 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, december 13, 2006




god - courtney love is presenting a british comedy award???and charlotte church just won it??am i in the twilight zone? shit. so, i'm lying on the lounge for the 3rd day in a row after being knocked sideways by the flu. i have had the tv on for company. i feel like i'm sleeping with the enemy. hour after hour of brain-numbing crap, topped off with the comedy awards.so, an update for my regular listeners since i haven't written for a while. my job is so stressful, i feel like my head may explode, my knee has blown up again, i have been placed in a 'at risk' group for glaucoma (after 3 hrs of tests) and am now on eye drops for life.....oh and it seem it seems i have found love....what i hear you say. a bit quiet about that one i hear you say. well, don't wanna jinx it but it does seem to be going swimmingly. witty, smart, goodlooking, sweet....enough about me....ok...he is too.reason for me to love him: i'm laid up on the lounge at a defcon 2 viral outbreak...when my dearest im's me asking how i am and if i have anything for it (meaning drugs!).  i reply none.he came to me in his lunch break (works near liverpool st and i live in balham) to bring me medication, soup and juice.reason i may need to kick his ass: as he's approaching the flat he rings me....i remind him of my house number and tell him to be careful as i look like a horror. he replies "nevermind darling, i'll try and act surprised".now i gotta love that.



posted by preston @ 9:34 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, november 19, 2006




prestons' backwow, it's been a while. i guess i haven't written because i couldn't be bothered and didn't think anyone was really listening. but as a person who consistently talks to herself, i guess i could extend that to writing to myself as well.although, i did have a 'listener' comment on a past blog about my being 'gay boyfriendless.' and in answer to your question - no, i haven't found myself a gay boyfriend. although i'm getting to gasping point. i really need someone who can co-bitch about men.why do i need to bitch about men i hear you ask? well.....i'm a few months down the track on an internet dating quest and feel completely jaded. i've come across some nice guys and a couple (in my opinion) of closet mysogynists.i've developed a gut instinct that alerts me to when they're not interested. it hasn't failed me yet. i can tell when they say goodbye as to whether they're interested. my favourite was when one guy, grabbed me in what can only be described as the grip of death - both hands cutting off the circulation to my lower arms when he gripped me on both upper arms, and kissed (or assaulted me with his lips) on my cheek. ohhhhhhh, i felt soooooo sexy.then there's the 'i'll give you a call' line. i wish i had a shit detector which when hearing stodge, dispersed electric shocks to the purveyor of such spineless lines.i could write more but........it's hardly worth the effort.



posted by preston @ 4:07 pm  
      
         3 comments






thursday, october 12, 2006




lazy prestongod, since i last wrote, i have been up to much. cycling, drinking, eating good food, meeting non-committal men.  pack of prats.so, what can preston talk about?the madonna adoptionso the material girl is adopting a child from malawi.  why is she adoptng a child where the father is voluntarily still on the scene and  obviously loves his child. is there not an option of providing support for the father so that the family remain together? there is the serious question of taking a child out of their birth country and reinstating in an alien country. and why adopt from abroad? there are more than enough adoption options in the uk. i dont get it. really.



posted by preston @ 8:30 pm  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  preston 
location:  london 
view my complete profile



links

richard's fab photos
thomas's cool blog


previous posts

blogging comeback marred by tragedyso i return to ...
oh the irony of it allso it seems i have been diag...
catch up part two1. my dad's coming to town for a ...
time to catch upwell, since the last blog quite al...
god - courtney love is presenting a british comedy...
prestons' backwow, it's been a while. i guess i ha...
lazy prestongod, since i last wrote, i have been u...
jason e. sabbagage 26     born april 30, 1975, in ...
oh, my beautiful calluses – gone all gone     so, ...
clever kittyi was catching up with my brother davi...

archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
november 2007









 






