



milos island, cyclades greece - guide to the best beaches







   


enitî•î»frde  homeabout milosthe islandvillagesgeneral informationreal estatebeacheslodgingtransportsferryflightsrentalsrestaurantssailorsnaturageologythermal springsmonk sealyour guide to the island of milos. for unforgettable vacations milos island is "the island of colors"we will guide you to the island of milos. the most western island of the cyclades, greece.a vacation you will not forget.
milos, one of the most beautiful islands of the cyclades and of the whole mediterranean sea. it is an island for nature lovers and for those who love quietness, simplicity but at the same time comfort. thanks to its volcanic origin, it has over 70 beaches of different nature and colors, waters of unique beauty and triumphal dawns and sunsets.milos is the most western island of the cyclades, not far from other known islands like santorini and sifnos. it is part of an archipelago, which includes the islands of kimolos, antimilos, poliegos and the small islands of glaronissia, and akradies. exploring the archipelago is a colored dream to discover, renting one of the many boats doing this service.milos has a millennial history, a residential population of about 6.000 people, and its territory allows you to vary your holiday, from choosing your peaceful beach, your trekking path, a typical restaurant, a museum and the site where the venus of milos was discovered.  one typical characteristic is the exploitation of the various minerals. mines are still present and represent by themselves an occasion to visit them all at hand and with a soft rhythm.milos, how to reach and move aroundwe will tell you how to reach the island of milos by daily flights or ferries. during the summer there are daily flights from athens and ferries leaving from piraeus and reaching milos with fast ships.
milostravel will guide and help finding your best accommodation and rental. hotels and rented rooms are scattered throughout the villages and coasts. even thought the lodging offer has increased in the last years it is advisable to reserve your accommodation well in advance. in respect to other islands milos is still authentic place and it is crowded, so to say, only in july and august.milos has an important network of paved roads, bus lines and sufficient rentals. this means that is a pleasure to move around in dry air and explore the island by open car or motocycles. bus lines cover the main tourist villages and beaches.our guide contains information on how to go through the hundreds of opportunities to an interesting vacation : beaches, museums, trekking, events and of course what and where to eat. milos will surely steal your heart, it guarantees a restful and attractive vacation under sunny, fresh and dry days, and deep-blue starred skies. this website wants to anticipate your dream.copyright © 1999 -2025 milostravel.com, all rights reserved  |  contact  |  site map  |  links





