











100s of magnetic beads/jewelry






























magnetichematiteshoppe.com
			aka. magneticjewelry.name






the magnetic hematite shoppe is a supplier of 
			magnetic beads, magnetic clasps and supplies for diy crafters.  
			both the wholesale and retail customer can find what they want.  
			
magnetic jewelry is also 
			available for those looking for a healing 
			solution for inflamed injuries.


magnetic beads
magnetic clasps
magnetic jewelry
  magnetic bracelets
  magnetic necklaces
  magnetic anklets
  magnetic pet jewelry
  magnetic wraps
magnetic studies
crafter guides
  magnetic jewelry
  magnetic clasps
  magnetic wraps





in business 
and trusted since 2001









wholesale accounts
welcome for individual bead strings.  
      call for customer support - (562) 594-8265 between 11 am and 8 pm pacific time
       


magneticjewelry.name is a division of the opb entertainment partnership of herb and cindy. 
       



      magnetichematiteshoppe.com and/or
      magneticjewelry.name
      division of opb entertainment
      2622 kempton drive
      los alamitos, ca 90720
      (562) 594-8265 afternoons





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces 
and magnetic anklets have millions of people saying magnetic bracelets, magnetic 
necklaces and magnetic anklets helped them with aches and pains. magnetic 
bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets reduce pain from arthritis 
and joint stiffness.  magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic 
anklets are made by herb & cindy and we sell our magnetic bracelets, magnetic 
necklaces and magnetic anklets world wide via our magnetic bracelet, magnetic 
necklaces and magnetic anklets web site.  magnetic bracelets, magnetic 
necklaces and magnetic anklets  have been around for 100s of years in china 
which is the home of magnetic bracelets,  magnetic necklaces and magnetic 
anklets since china has a lot of rare earth materials in the ground.  
magnetic bracelets have proven them selves for many years and history has proven 
that they work.  there are no known drug companies testing magnetic 
bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets and the fda does not require 
testing on magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets, 
therefore most doctors do not understand the benefits of magnetic bracelets, 
magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets.  they prefer to issue pain killer 
prescriptions over magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets 
because they do not understand magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and 
magnetic anklets.  magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic 
anklets are generally sold by small vendors at magnetic bracelet shows and 
magnetic bracelet fairs and magnetic bracelet web sites and small magnetic 
bracelet vendors.  magnetic bracelets and magnetic necklaces are easily 
made using fishing line and magnetic clasps.  the magnetic bracelet is made 
by string magnetic beads on the magnetic bracelet and finalizing it with a 
magnetic clasp.  learning how to make magnetic bracelets only takes a few 
minutes and you can be a magnetic bracelet maker.  magnetic bracelets can 
provide a nice little income for magnetic bracelet makers and magnetic vendors 
at magnetic bracelet shows and magnetic bracelet fairs.
herb and cindy have been making magnetic 
bracelets for several years and have made magnetic bracelets for thousands of 
people needing magnetic bracelets and magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets. 
herb and cindy had trouble finding good beads for magnetic bracelets, magnetic 
necklaces and magnetic anklets and to make their magnetic bracelets they started 
importing magnetic beads and magnetic clasps from china and now they make all 
their magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic anklets in their home 
in rossmoor, ca.  the magnetic bracelet and magnetic necklace and magnetic 
anklet business, had been so successful the magnetic bracelet and magnetic 
necklace and magnetic anklet business has become their largest product line.  
they were able to obtain a large supply of magnetic beads from china that have 
unusual eye appeal and their magnetic bracelets, magnetic necklaces and magnetic 
anklets are the nicest in the industry.  if you order an magnetic bracelet, 
magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets and you are not happy with your magnetic 
bracelet, magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets, you have a 90 day return 
option where you can return your magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or 
magnetic anklets and get a full refund. magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or 
magnetic anklets can be restrung with new clasps and the magnetic bracelet, 
magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets can be sold to other customers as new 
magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets.   if you 
want to test a magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets, or 
even better if you want to purchase a magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or 
magnetic anklets, please call herb and order your magnetic bracelet, magnetic 
necklaces or magnetic anklets and we will ship your magnetic bracelet, magnetic 
necklaces or magnetic anklets the same day your order for magnetic bracelet, 
magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets is received. we usually shipp all 
magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets immediately as the 
order for magnetic bracelet, magnetic necklaces or magnetic anklets is received.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

find china products 
magnetic jewelry
burgee shoppe 
oxygen 
party bar
oxygen bar  wilson 
high reunion,
oxygen bar san 
diego,
oxygen bar 
orange county,
oxygen bar 
los angeles,
oxygen bar las 
vegas,
oxygen bar 
san francisco,

oxygen 
bar bay area waterpartyballs.com,
waterballsafetycouncil.net magneticjewelry.name
sportsoxygen.com oxygeninacan.com

