
















real estate mls websites - idx

















		  call sales & support (888) 340-3669
	    













home
order
features
designs
videos
pricing
support
contact










integrated real estate technologywebsite, crm & marketing
agents, teams & brokerages


start your 30 day free trial!



















our features





real estate websites



new! ai generated content
		new! facebook auto-posting
		responsive - desktop, tablet & mobile
professional optimized designs
built for generating leads
capture buyer & seller leads
easy to edit and add pages
very fast and reliable
search engine optimization
google analytics support
integrated idx
includes blog
social networking support
video integration and more!





crm - lead manager



new lead notifications
lead auto-assignment
add notes and tasks
see all lead activity
new! video email
new! sms text drip
new! click-to-call
new listing drip email
price change drip email
create custom drip email
send mass email to leads
track leads by ad source
export your leads and more!





integrated idx search



extremely fast search results
interactive map search
industry best lead capture
new listing email alerts
price change email alerts
all listings available on search engines
save searches, save properties
no framing or wraps, totally integrated
all lead activity tracked





automated voice response & sms text lead capture


		we provide both automated voice response and mobile sms text response so you can choose the technology you prefer to provide automated listing information to perspective clients.   you'll be notified immediately any time a call or text inquiry is made on your listing.   the lead will be sent to your mobile site to see pictures and to get additional information.
		



home value leadscapture seller leads


	    all of our designs include a unique tool for capturing seller leads.  
	    by asking "how much is your home worth?" site visitors who are contemplating selling 
	    their homes are excited to receive an estimate of their home's value.  
	    we even notify the new leads via email when a new listing comes up in their neighborhood.
		



3rd party integration, including:









			first month free • no setup fees • no contracts
		

start your 30 day free trial!





automated home valuation






capture seller leads! users can use the home value tool to receive an estimate of their home's value. after they have entered their address and personal information they will be added as a lead to your crm. the lead will even be notified when new listings come up in their neighborhood.
		





			user enters address
		





			user signs up
		





			user views market report
		





			seller lead is generated
		






sms text auto-responder

sms texting is one of the best ways to turn leads into commission paying clients!
new! now includes click-to-call and sms drip

* available for an additional fee





our designs



responsive, professional, fast
			our designs are responsive for a pleasant user experience from desktop to tablets to mobile.
			each design is created with the agent in mind.
			your photos, logos, and artwork will be incorporated into the design.
			designs can be built with any requested modifications.	
			
view all designs













design #67
		


design #66
		


design #64
		


design #63
		



view all designs





what our fans say




					
					i just can't say enough about proagentwebsites.com. the startup process was quick and simple, and i had a live, up and running website in less than two days - that's right, two days. i had spent the previous 6 months, and over $4,000 with another web design company and had received nothing in that 6 months, so to have my site up in 2 days was unbelievable (not to mention a whole lot less expensive!). and the site management tools are amazing! i've been able to bring my imagined website to life, just as i wanted it to be, with little more than a basic working knowledge of microsoft word (and i do mean basic). i've been so impressed with the sites and the service, that i created a second website through proagentwebsites.com for the second real estate board i am a member of. nothing says 'satisfied' like a repeat customer. thank you proagentwebsites.com!
				

bj christianson, realtor®summit sotheby's international realty





					proagentwebsites.com and their staff are phenomenal! i own two sites that i use proagentwebsites.com with. they offer great designs that look fantastic and are very seo friendly! everyone of my clients rants and raves about how much they enjoy the site, because it is easy to navigate. i especially love the drip email and lead system. it truly makes owning a real estate website easy and most certainly affordable.
				

justin robins, realtor®realtypath llc





					just a quick note to tell you how much i love proagentwebsites and what a difference it has made to my business. i can add as many pages and add content with ease, advertise on craig's list in a matter of seconds, add qr codes for any property i'm promoting and when bells and whistles are added through you... it's all there for me, with no added hassle or fees. you create cool, functional tools and pass them on. the last thing and certainly not the least is that your customer service is second to none. any and all questions are addressed quickly and correctly which i really appreciate. i will say to anyone looking to create a web presence and or build on their existing presence should check out proagentwebsites.com and if you have any questions or want to hear more please contact me anytime.
				

sean mcgallis, realtor®keller williams realty





					i am a small agency that needed to have a big look without spending a mint on getting it ready on short notice. proagentwebsites got the job done for me. i get leads nearly every day in a very competitive market and my clients love the ease of use they have in getting on the site and researching homes in our area. great job.
				

jimmie boyd, brokerjimmie r. boyd, inc





					just wanted to say how pleased i am with proagentwebsites.com ... they were fantastic in helping me setup my website to fit my specific business. they're also very responsive to requests for help ... that was critical as we worked on search engine optimization. i also really like the direct idx integration ... it is exactly the functionality clients are demanding in today's internet driven market.
				

nick coleman, realtor®, sfr, cnesummit sotheby's international realty





					my career as a realtor has become much easier and more organized with my pro agent website! i have easily doubled my business because of my website. i love it and will never stop using it. one of my clients recently said "we chose you as a realtor because of your website." the client management system has helped me to become more organized than i have ever been which has increased my sales as well. thanks pro agent websites!
				

mitch manley, realtor®alpine realty





					the feedback i have received from clients on my proagent website has been phenomenal! i recently replaced my custom website, which i had tediously developed over the past eleven years. i was just not getting the traffic i needed anymore and finally conceded that i needed a more 'google friendly' site. i have several new buyers that i am working with as a result of my new website. in this market we know that buyers are gold!!
				

marilyn haasez colorado real estate










our packages


you won't be called by a sales person trying to up-sell you. you'll get all our features including idx for one low price, your 1st month is free, there are no setup fees and no contracts *, you can cancel at any time without penalty!
		

price guarantee: we're so sure we provide the best value for your dollar, if you can find any real estate website provider who has the same features at a lower price, we'll beat their price!
		

single agent lite
$49.95per month

			first month free • no setup fee • no contracts
			
			crm is not included in the 'lite' version

			ability to upgrade at anytime

			easy access to customer support


get started



single agent full
$79.95per month

			first month free • no setup fee • no contracts
			
			includes all standard features plus crm

			ability to upgrade at anytime

			easy access to customer support


get started




team
$99.95per month

			includes all features of a single agent full account

			ability to add crm for up to 10 agents

			you have control of lead assignment

			includes agent directory with listings and contact info.
			

get started



brokerage
$149.95per month

			includes all features of team account

			ability to add crm for unlimited agents

			you have control of lead assignment

			includes agent directory with listings and contact info.
			

get started




broker plus
$149.95per month

			+ $10 per month for each agent website

			includes all features of brokerage account

			ability to add crm for unlimited agents

			agents can have their own sub-domainex: jane.doe.yourdomain.com


get started




*   price match good for any regional or national real estate website vendor who provides real estate websites with integrated idx and the features found on this page.this offer does not include promotional pricing.











proagentwebsites.com
	  2184 channing way #449
	  idaho falls, id 83404
	  888-340-3669
support@proagentwebsites.com



videos, features & pricing
website designs
customer support
contact us
terms & conditions
privacy policy 
accessibility 







    © proagentwebsites.com  all rights reserved
    







