


john muir health





































toggle navigation
 
 
 

























































                                patients
                            










        about mychart
    



        locating patients
    



        medicare
    



        new patients
    



        nurse advice
    



        payment & insurance
    



        help paying your bill
    



        physician open payments notice
    



        preparing for surgery
    



        pre-register for labor & delivery
    



        registration & forms
    



        request a health record
    



        security center
    



        video visits
    



        cardiology podcasts for patients
    





                                services
                            
















        addiction medicine
    



        behavioral health
    



        cancer
    



        cardiovascular services
    







        emergency services
    



        gastroenterology
    



        lab services
    



        medical imaging 
    







        neurosciences
    



        orthopedics
    



        pediatrics
    



        physical rehabilitation
    







        pregnancy & new parent
    



        primary care
    



        urgent care
    



        all services
    












                                education
                            








        classes, screenings & support groups
    



        clinical trials
    



        conditions & treatments
    



        health & wellness
    



        cardiology podcasts for patients
    





                                for providers
                            








        careers
    



        clinical research
    



        family medicine residency program
    



        john muir medical group
    



        medical staff
    



        nursing
    



        pharmacy residency program
    



        resources
    



        training & education
    



        cancer medical group
    



        cardiovascular medical group
    



        specialty medical group
    





                                giving
                            








        give now
    



        the campaign to conquer cancer
    



        the foundation
    



        donor impact
    



        gift opportunities
    



        ways to give
    



        publications
    



        press releases
    



        employee giving
    



        contact us – giving to john muir health
    





                                about
                            








        annual reports
    



        awards & recognition
    



        board of directors
    



        community commitment
    



        employers, brokers, & health plans
    



        executive team
    



        make a gift
    



        mission & vision
    



        partnerships
    



        media center
    
























mychart login






















find a location







find a doctor







pay a bill







careers




































what can we help you find?



















schedule your appointment online

















mychart



                schedule with your doctor, view lab results, send messages, and more...
            

                login to mychart >
            












available doctors



                schedule an appointment with a new doctor near you
            

                schedule with a doctor >
            












urgent care



                schedule a same-day in-person or video visit for illness or injury
            

                schedule with urgent care >
            







































the concord medical center has been designated as the first foregut mentor site in california and one of five sites in the country for robotic procedures.


“with this designation, our team has the opportunity to share knowledge with other surgeons that will benefit patients in their communities,” said dr. wilson tsai, co-medical director, thoracic surgical program. “for many patients that choose robotic-assisted surgery, the less invasive procedure can mean a shorter recovery time that allows them to go home and get back to their life quicker.”












































robotic-assisted surgery – a minimally invasive option


every surgery comes with some risk of complications and this is true even when working with the best surgeons and the most advanced technology. always discuss these risks with your doctor to determine if robotic-assisted surgery is best for you. john muir health has been a bay area leader in robotic-assisted surgery proudly offering the latest state-of-the-art technology for a minimally invasive option.




            learn more
            
        











































expertise in the latest cardiovascular procedures


our award winning cardiovascular program offers the latest procedures featuring alternatives to traditional open heart surgery including tavr and mitraclip, robotic-assisted angioplasty only available at john muir health in the bay area, and the newest approaches to atrial fibrillation (hybrid af, watchman™).




            learn more
            
        











































nation's first accredited rectal cancer center of excellence


our rectal cancer center of excellence is accredited by the national accreditation program for rectal cancer (naprc) and is the very first accredited rectal cancer program by the american college of surgeons (acos). 




            learn more
            
        











































walnut creek medical center is the first bay area hospital to achieve the joint commission’s gold seal of approval® for perinatal care certification


this certification recognizes the expertise of providers and staff in preparing mothers for labor and delivery, including helping mothers and newborns get the appropriate care when known or unexpected complications arise.




            learn more
            
        











































for patients & visitors


                find all the resources you need, whether you are currently receiving medical treatment or just seeking information
            

                learn more >
            













for healthcare professionals


                resources for john muir health medical professionals and those interested in partnering with us to serve the community
            

                learn more >
            













for job seekers + volunteers


                looking for a job or a way to contribute? we’re always seeking great people to help us serve our community
            

                learn more >
            













for donors


                philanthropic gifts are essential to sustaining and enhancing the “margin of excellence” that distinguishes john muir health
            

                learn more >
            





















public notice


on december 13, 2024, the adolescent partial hospital and intensive outpatient program at john muir health’s outpatient behavioral health center at 4080 port chicago highway in concord will be closing.




            learn more
            
        





























about





        about us
    



        board of directors
    



        executive team
    



        awards & recognition
    



        partnerships
    



        community commitment
    



price transparency





        employers, brokers & health plans
    







get involved





        careers
    



        volunteer
    



news & press





        media center
    



        annual reports
    




















giving





        make a gift
    



        donor bill of rights
    



        foundation's privacy policy
    







contact





        email us
    





help paying your bill





privacy





        patient privacy
    



        website privacy
    



        terms of use
    



        security center
    














follow us on social media; you will be directed to an external website. 


























selecting these links  will take you away from www.johnmuirhealth.com. john muir health is not responsible for the content or policies of external websites. by clicking on this link you will be governed by the external site’s privacy policies.









©  john muir health all rights reserved.


john muir health is accredited by the joint commission. 





















