


north wing - quality light sport aircraft, weight shift control ultralight trikes & wings, hang gliders - phone 509.682.4359






















































parts & accessories for trikes, wings, hang gliders at 





light sport aircraft kits for home builders    brochure page 1  ·  page 2  ·  page 3





new! skymax trike · take-off and landing
skymax · control bar adjustment


skymax · attach trike to your hang glider
skymax · detach trike from hang glider





leaf spring suspension for the maverick trike  retrofit your maverick for softer landings, less drag, and sleek aircraft styling - $1285. standard equipment on all new maverick 2 trikes.






veteran aviation journalist dan johnson presentsa new review of the new north wing skymaxnanolight trike!  click the link below to read hisviews on this very portable and affordable trike.superlight... aircraft that weigh lessthan you do and are more affordable





ready for immediate delivery to you!   in-stock light sport aircraft, ultralights & wings, hang glidersnew! mustang k15 light sport trike wing    ·    new! used mustang k15 light sport trike wingused maverick 2 rt trike with maverick 3 wing    ·    used atf trike with 30hp mz 34 enginenew! freedom 2 170 hang glider    ·    freedom 2 170 hang glider    ·    freedom 2 150 hang glidernew! pulse 11m hang glider    ·    pulse 10m hang glider    ·    pulse 9m hang glider





wills wing parts · downtubes and rigging


hang glider pilots - if you need replacement wills wing - style downtubes, please check with us, we likely have some replacements for you.  we can provide lightstream and round down tubes and base tubes.also, if you need new cables for your wills wing glider, we can make them for you.








sign-up for our newsletter for new product news, light aviation aircraft advice, and fun pictures!


     






veteran aviation journalist dan johnson has reviewed north wing trikes, wings, and hang gliders for 25 years!  click the links below to read a fun profile of new north wing aircraft.can a minimal aircraft deliver maximum enjoyment ...affordably? yes, north wing does it!click here for related facebook thanksgiving post with great pics of north wing pilots in commentsall-american and affordable - north wing has an expert history in washington state





discovery 207 - new wing for the atf soaring trike!


north wing has completed flight tests and wing refinement for the new, more-affordable wing option for the atf soaring trike, the discovery 207 · ultralight trike wing.  click here to view specifications and photos of this exciting new light trike wing.



     


the north wing atf soaring trike has been a proven performer for years, featuring a lightweight and rugged airframe combined with quality parts and the very efficient solairus wing.  in addition to the currently available 2-stroke engines, now there is a nearly-silent electric propulsion system that includes a powerful 21kw, 28hp electric engine.  zero emissions!climb to cloudbase with this electric ultralight trike, and enjoy an even better glide ratio with the optional folding propeller.current atf owners can convert their atf trike to use the new electric engine and components with our atf retrofit kit.


atf ultralight trike - electric propulsion components


motor
electronic speed controller
battery packs


motor weight: 4177g / 9.2 lbsmaximum power: 20,966w - 28hpmaximum thrust: 170 lbs
0.75 kg / 1.65 lbsup to 300 ampscontinuous* current with airflow
24s 11 p - molicel 21700 p42a cells - 4ah cells88.8v - 44 ah (4 kwh)weight: 50 lbs (2.0 lbs of that is casing, connectors, etc.)





attention:  important new safety directive 501all north wing trike wings are grounded...until wing-owner checks their tip-cap webbing and size, per the notes in safety directive 501click here to print safety directive 501





attention:  solairus, maverick, and pacer wing ownerssolairus, maverick, and pacer trike wings are grounded...until wing-owner checks their basetube-strut fitting, per the notes in service advisory 109this is an extremely important service advisory, and only takes a few minutes to review!click here to print service advisory 109





secure online shopping at northwingsports.comfor flight apparel, trike and wing accessories, hang glider accessories, and parts for trike homebuilders.
crossport helmetsaerolux propellerslithium batterywinglets
trike & wing covers

microavionics helmetinstructor barsvortex generators kit
anodized airframe tubingfront fork assemblyall-weather glider bagsxc hang glider bags






----- notice -----it is possible for any assembly connection to come apart on any brand of wing or trike if not assembled correctly.no one should attempt to fly or assemble an ultralight without getting professional instruction. contact north wing if further instructions are needed for proper assembly our product. always do a preflight inspection of what you assembled and all other parts. failure to do so could result in injury and or death. aviation does not go well with complacency.



quality trikes, wings, hang glidersat north wing, our main design criteria is to offer you a choice of trikes and wings that deliver easy handling, making them fun to fly.  on our quest for optimal safety, we feel our #1 goal when designing wings is precise control and handling... even at low speeds.  when conditions out there get a little rough, we hope you will agree handling is going to be your biggest concern.  our wing designs must pass specific parameters, such as coupled feel in handling between pitch and roll, and a nice gentle stall.  these handling pressures must fall within our tough guidelines.  we feel these unique qualifications will instill confidence even when flying in turbulent conditions.  countless hours of research in sail, frame, and airfoil design have given our wings one of the largest speed ranges in the industry.  quality light sport aircraft, microlight trikes, powered paraglider trikes, wings for trikes, and hang gliders.  • we make flying fun! •
welcome to north wingnorth wing designs and manufactures quality weight shift control light sport aircraft, far 103 legal ultralight trikes, wings for trikes, hang gliders, and a wide range of accessories for ultralight trikes and hang gliders.pilots with a sport pilot certificate interested in light sport aircraft will be delighted with our scout xc two-place trike.the scout xc is available with a fairing and wheel pants as the scout xc apache, and the scout xc navajo features storage bags and a streamlined instrument pod.click here to view a fun scout xc apache video.north wing manufactures the strongest microlight trikes and wings in the u.s.a. from the highest quality aircraft grade hardware and sailcloth.  view our range of products in the trikes & wings and hang gliders quick reference pages.










built in the usa with the finest aircraft-quality materials available, north wing light sport aircraft are known for their optimal combination of strong airframes, powerful and reliable engines, and outstanding wing performance.  we have the right microlight trike and wing combination for you - on wheels, skis, or floats.

the atf light trike is lightweight, very strong, and very portable.  the atf is a perfect match for the solairus wing, specially designed for light soaring trikes.view our ultralight trikes quick reference and the wings for trikes quick reference pages.

north wing hang gliders are designed to be easy-to-fly, built with quality hardware that reduces set-up time, and have have a range of options and upgrades to customize your new glider.  the horizon and liberty hang gliders are best for experienced skills, the freedom for all skill levels, and the pulse - an exceptional glider for hang 2 pilots.





triple-clamp front fork   standard equipment on all north wing light sport aircraftnew front suspension is very rugged, with improved steering, tracking, and includes top-of-the-line scotts steering stabilizer.








north wing recently had the fun opportunity to work with the operation migration crew to upgrade their fleet of trikes. click here to read more about operation migration and how north wing built custom trikes for their flights.





built in the usa, our light sport aircraft are known for rugged aircraft-quality hardware throughout the trike and wing.  our use of aircraft grade matco brakes and grove aircraft landing gear ensure you have the best components for stable and strong take-offs and landings.  compare this to others, before you buy.






aviation journalist dan johnson interviews north wing at the sun n' fun fly-in.scout xc apache video     maverick 2 legend video





·  liberty hang glider soaring video - perfect take-off, climb-out, and landing at ellenville, new york.




·  freedom hang glider soaring video - scenic mountain soaring in the freedom, from multiple camera angles.




·  powered freedom hang glider video - beach-launch, then fun flight over jiaozhou bay in qingdao, china.




·  scout xc apache videos from the 2012 sun n' fun fly-in & expo    video 1    video 2




·  light sport aircraft video  click here to view a customer receive, build, and test fly a new light sport aircraft.





parts for pacific airwave and delta wing kites & gliders hang gliders


north wing can often provide parts for pacific airwave and delta wing hang gliders.  if you need any part for hang gliders made by these former manufacturers, please send us an email message or phone us at 509.682.4359 and we can discuss parts availability, price, and delivery time.


pacific airwave hang glider partspacific airwave vision partspacific airwave pulse parts
delta wing hang glider partspacific airwave mark iv partspacific airwave formula parts
delta wing dream partsdelta wing formula partsdelta wing mystic parts





 
 


 
retrofit kits improve your trike at low cost!

 


mouse over the links to view photos and information


·  airfoil mast retrofit kit


·  leaf spring suspension retrofit


·  pivot/hang block for mustang 3 & quest wings


·  steering dampener retrofit kit


·  control bar hardware retrofit kit


·  brake reservoir retrofit kit


·  vortex generators kit for quest gt4 & gt5 wings


the new airfoil mast reduces drag, and improves tracking at higher speeds by reducing yaw and twist of the mast by the stronger, more aerodynamic mast profile.


the new leaf-spring suspension reduces drag with its slim profile, and its strength eliminates the need for the additional drag struts and load springs.  factory retrofit.


the new pivot/hang block adapts the mustang 3 wing or quest wing to attach to your airborne, aircr-ation, or any other brand of trike.  smooth u-shaped wing mount with no sharp bolt edges offers better directional control.


north wing has a new steering dampener with adjustable resistance, and can be installed on your older 2-place trike.the dampener will greatly reduce the front-end shimmy when landing fast or in crosswinds.


if you are using the wing fold-back ability of your north wing mpulse or quest wing that has the older control bar fittings, we suggest you upgrade to our newest control bar hardware. if you are not using the folding ability of your wing, changing the hardware is not necessary but optional.


the new brake reservoir kit makes bleeding the brake easy, maintains fluid pressure, and requires less movement of the brake lever.  for older apache and navajo 2-place trikes


the new vortex generators kit improves wing handling and performance by controlling airflow over the upper surface of the wing.  the vortex generators create vortices that energize the boundary layer, providing improved wing control.


the the tall windshield for apache fairings is a great addition during xc flights or anytime you want the extra comfort behind this aerodynamic, tall windshield.


the new maverick retrofit kit brings the performance and convenience features of the maverick 2 to older maverick trikes. new extra storage space behind the seat, and the spring-assist mast with fold-back feature is very easy to lift!




·  tall windshield for apache fairings


·  maverick trike retrofit kit


improve your trike with the features found on new models.




built in the usa with the finest quality materials - designed for safety, performance, and fun!


home  ·  contact us  ·  find a north wing dealer  ·  site map   ·    privacy policy   ·  ©2025 north wing  ·  site by chelan digital















