







atlas safety and security design - atlas safety & security design, inc.
































































skip to content



crime prevention through environmental design
call nowtoggle navigationhomeserviceshb 837 apartment bldg cpted surveyschool and campus securitycrime prevention through environmental design/security designexpert witness supportjudicial analysis & planningpolice facilities and corrections facilitiesada accessibilitycoefficient of friction testingabout atlasatlas resumepublicationsnews & articlesfee schedulelegal disclaimercpted courseonline coursein-person coursescontact us
 
 





security first
we specialize in the design and planning of safe, secure, and accessible buildings. we accomplish this with the methodology of cpted (crime prevention through environmental design).
florida cpted assessment
cage code 7czj8
hire us
discover more
 


security first
we specialize in the design and planning of safe, secure, and accessible buildings. we accomplish this with the methodology of cpted (crime prevention through environmental design).
florida cpted assessment
cage code 7czj8
hire us
discover more
 





 







atlas safety and security designrandy atlas2024-05-08t20:35:09+00:00

atlas safety and security design servicesexperts in security, crime prevention, & safetycoefficient of friction testing
floor slip resistance testing is the science of measuring the coefficient of friction (or resistance to slip accidents) of flooring surfaces, either in a laboratory (before or after installation) or on floors in real life situations. if there is a slip and fall accident we can determine if there is a defect in the floor material, or it’s improper application.
read moreada accessibility
the department of justice’s revised regulations for titles ii and iii of the americans with disabilities act of 1990 (ada). these regulations contain specific accessibility requirements for private sector and public entities. we conduct ada compliance evaluations.
read moreexpert witness support
a witness with a defined area of expertise and on that basis and strictly within that area, is allowed to give opinion evidence to the court (or jury, as the case may be). we opine on premises security negligence, safety and security standards of care and best practices.
read morecourts / judicial planning & analysis
strategic planning for judiciary needs. courthouses are the most difficult design challenge there is because of the conflicting circulation paths and competing security needs. we conduct post occupancy evaluations and programmatic needs assessments.
read morepolice & corrections facilities mgt
the design of law enforcement and correctional facilities is a highly specified field requiring the intimate knowledge of the criminal justice system with the challenges of the user groups. we design and program police facilities, and lockups, jails and prisons, and forensic facilities.
read moresecurity design / cpted
understanding and responding to today’s threats of workplace violence, terrorism, and street crime is paramount to protecting the assets in our built environment. we conduct cpted/security and risk threat vulnerability assessments to all building types including: office buildings, shopping centers, schools and universities, parking lots and garages, apartment complexes, gated communities, government buildings, parks and recreational areas, ports, airports, transportation hubs.

read moreabout atlas safety and security designat the end of the day, the goals are simple: protect your assets of people, information, and property with reasonable security and safety measures and sound design.
atlas safety and security design, inc. is an independent, non-vested, architectural security design consulting firm that serves architects, owners, and developers in both the private and public governmental sectors.
we specialize in designing and planning safe, secure, and accessible buildings using cpted’s (crime prevention through environmental design) methodology.
learn more…




 
 
© copyright 1999-   atlas security & design, inc.   |   all rights reserved
designed and hosted by spearhead multimedia   |  
privacy policy


 
 
page load link



















go to top




