


38th winter solabration, denver, co - a community celebration of music and dance featuring wassail, dancing, storytelling, a mummers play, and more!







































⇒ photo gallery ⇒
⇒ new audios, videos ⇒


2024 — mark your calendars — saturday, december 21st, 2024
this year we’re planning a slimmed-down event, by invitation, for fans of the winter solabration.  it will end earlier, with fewer acts and a shortened dance in a modest-sized space.  if you're a fan of the solabration, and you'd like to receive an evite, please send an  email
thanks





the 38th

winter sola­bra­tion


                  a community celebration of music and dance
            
5:30 to 10:45 p.m.










watch this space for more details!
so far:
solstice sword dancers 
maroon bells morris dancers 
storyteller susan marie frontczak 
extreme juggler bryan connolly
a mummer’s play 
    and we'll conclude with the
abbot’s bromley horn dance 
& more to come as we work this out!



please remember to bring a potluck dessert or snack to share.
⇒ no stirring about the house!  kitchen facilities here are very limited.  no slicing, dicing, tossing, saucing, mixing or fixing.  please bring a treat that’s ready to eat!




         the winter solabration is a community celebration of christmas
and solstice customs.  dancers, singers, musicians, actors, and other
performers participate in bringing in the new year at the time of the
winter solstice — the year’s longest night.  other participants,
besides donating to help cover the cost of the event, bring a
snack or dessert potluck to share.  we encourage everyone to participate
in community singing and dancing.  the dancing consists primarily of
traditional american community dances, all of which are taught and
walked through so that all who wish to may join in.  this year’s revelry
features a mummer’s play, english rapper sword with the solstice sword dancers, morris dance performances by the maroon bells morris and more!  the evening begins with wassail and caroling,
storyteller susan marie frontczak, extreme juggler bryan connolly and concludes with a performance of the mysterious abbot’s bromley horn dance.


traditional american
community dances are the contras, squares, and circle dances which
have been a part of our american heritage for the past 200 years.  they
are easy to learn, and we encourage everyone to participate. 



























