



home | provista
























 



































 



























































skip to main content







menu





 search


















contact us


member login


portal registration


become a member







our company



services and solutions








group purchasing





operations





technology and procurement








who we serve








healthcare
we’re your source for untapped savings and peace of mind.




business and hospitality
products and services that keep your business running smoothly.






supplier opportunities


blog


savings analysis






search
















we search high and low for better prices






                    products and services you need to operate day-to-day, we’ve got that covered. we’re the gpo here to save you money.
                

 watch full video 
learn more


 watch full video 
learn more










what we do
all the supply chain glory. none of the commitment.

no commitments or membership fees. with provista, you can uncover savings with one of the largest contract portfolios in the nation as well as tap into a suite of services including procurement solutions, advanced analytics and no-hassle contract implementation.

our services & solutions




who we serve
from patients to patrons. and everyone in between.




healthcare, but not a hospital? we got you.
let provista handle the supply chain side of things while you focus on providing the best quality care. we negotiate contracts with the full force of $100 billion in buying power to get you the products and services you need for your non-acute site. it’s how we take care of you.
i’m healthcare




5 stars and fortune 500, we are at your service.
be our guest for industry-leading contract prices and smarter purchasing overall. provista helps you streamline operations and manage costs. don’t leave quality to chance, choose from a curated portfolio of food, office supply, technology and facilities contracts.
i'm business or hospitality







potential as far as the eye can see.




sourcing services
our experts have built a contract portfolio for your purchasing needs. we raise the bar with options of full-service procurement and our mmis software.




analytic services 
our technologies help you eliminate product and service duplication, analyze potential savings and evaluate competitive purchasing behavior.




collaboration services
our advisory councils make sure all types of members have a voice in our contract process and program development.










jun
21


june 21 - 22, 2024
national home infusion association
welcome to the 2024 national infusion center annual conference (nica2024), the only conference focused on professional development for providers, practice managers, advocates, and other experts with a stake in the outpatient provider-administered medication market. this industry conference blends high-value learning and networking opportunities, an exhibit hall, and executive encounters between industry and infusion enterprises to create a one-of-a-kind experience focused exclusively on this unique and rapidly growing channel.
learn more




 


what people are saying
superior customer service sets us apart






“our relationship with provista has been very positive, from the beginning they have always taken a “do whatever it takes for the customer” type attitude. the relationship has transformed from a generic gpo relationship, to a strategic supply partner that is a true extension of our team.”

harrison adams
former senior manager supply chain
surgical care affiliates (sca)








our latest articles







an unlikely partner for asc success: a healthcare logistics provider

read full article













what hospitality might look like in 2025

read full article













how ascs revolutionize modern healthcare

read full article













ready to get started?
take the next step to start saving.
become a member










sign up for email
receive new content every month.


sign up for email


                sign up
            





































 
provista, a leader in group purchasing, applies the collective buying power of members to deliver best-in-class sourcing and analytic services across multiple industries. 




contact us





(888) 538-4662





250 e. john carpenter fwy irving, tx 75062




find out more


cost savings analysis


events


careers


do not sell my personal information









 © 2025 provista. all rights reserved. 

terms & conditions


privacy policy










back to top





