


numerology-astrology






















    
	numerology-astrology
	
  
numerology and astrology news, charts and free readings  created and published for all of you.
news about sites related to these topics.



monday, march 05, 2007




	 the sky this week - 03/05/06 - 03/11/06
    



  it's time for a change as the sun conjuncts uranus. then when mercury turns direct on march 7, you can set in motion all of those plans you'd been  reviewing during its retrograde  period. you'll get all the support you need with venus forming a trine to jupiter on march 8, then a trine to saturn on march 9. but watch that your enthusiasm doesn't get the best of you as the sun squares jupiter -- also on march 9.  march 5: sun conjunct uranus  are you ready to be liberated? or is your life so fabulous that it couldn't benefit from  something new and different? as the sun travels through pisces and meets up with  eccentric uranus, change is in the air. conjunctions mark beginnings, and it's time for a  new cycle. surprises will occur, but know that this is appropriate for you now. it's time to  reinvent yourself and leave behind old concepts that have nothing to do with you  anymore.  march 7: mercury turns direct  as mercury ends its retrograde in aquarius, it's time to incorporate everything you've  learned since mercury turned retrograde in pisces on february 14. as this  communication planet has traveled from a sensitive water sign back into a logical air  sign, it'll be necessary to go back to old conversations with a more detached perspective.  at times you may have felt that you were straddling two worlds: the emotions of your  heart and the intellectual perspective of your mind. now, however, with mercury direct  you can confidently implement the changes that you desire.  march 8: venus trine jupiter; march 9: venus trine saturn  lovely venus in feisty aries forms a grand trine with enthusiastic jupiter and serious  saturn -- providing a wealth of support! this is a great aspect for socializing and for  advancing your personal and business relationships. saturn provides stability, so you can  go out on a limb and not risk falling. it seems like everybody loves you now, so take  advantage of the goodwill.  march 9: sun square jupiter  feeling misunderstood? sometimes you can't fathom the world and the world can't  fathom you. the sun in sensitive pisces wants to connect on an emotional level. jupiter  in sagittarius is like an enthusiastic, well-meaning bull in a china shop. this is a highly  optimistic square that is prone to overcommitment. yet, at the same time, sometimes you  need that over-the-top enthusiasm to accomplish things you wouldn't dream of otherwise.    



posted by najaramah @ 8:58 am  
      
         6 comments






saturday, march 03, 2007




	 lunar phases and eclipses for march 2007
    



lunar eclipse full moon, saturday, march 3rd. this powerful lunation takes place in virgo, along the nodal axis, and with the sun conjunct uranus in pisces. the sabian symbol reads "a strong hand supplanting political hysteria," which marc edmond jones calls "consistent effectiveness in dramatizing personal potentials." uranus, bringer of new concepts and unexpected enlightenment, makes a productive pairing with this symbol. the sun also resides at the venus / chiron midpoint at this time, with the moon also aspecting these two energies, so that old wounds and relationship patterns from the long-dead past may come up at this time for transcending them. last quarter moon, sunday, march 11th. this is traditionally the "crisis in consciousness" spoken about by rudhyar, when the rubber meets the road and we must see what portion of the impulse that began the cycle three weeks ago can concretely be accomplished, and survive in the real world of countervailing and supporting influences. this moment can therefore represent a time of tension in our process of growth. since saturn is also emphasized at this time, opposing the remainder of the planets, it is also a time of limitation in general. saturn also forms a grand trine with jupiter and venus in aries, making for an interesting mix of energies, all stop and go. we will want to move forward, especially since mercury is also moving in direct motion at this time, having stationed on the 7th, but we may have to hold back against our wishes. the saturn – neptune opposition, now fading, is also powerfully constellated by the quarter moon at the 22nd degree of sagittarius, conjunct jupiter. new moon and solar eclipse, sunday, march 18th. this is of course the potent energy of the new moon, coupled with the eclipse emphasis, and takes place in 28 plus degrees of pisces, exactly square pluto. the effects of eclipses last for many months, and this one may be triggered again by the passage of mars opposite this degree eight weeks from now around the time of the mid-may new moon. there is obviously transformation in the air at this time, representing a springboard for action, just preceding as it does the vernal equinox. the sabian symbol is quite beautiful, "a prism." marc edmond jones calls it "a symbol of the world's stability." maybe we will make it after all. at the vernal equinox on the 20th, two days later, as the sun enters aries to begin once again the cycle of the seasons, the sun's ruler mars resides at the chiron/neptune midpoint opposite saturn. this brings once again the potential for change through effort of renouncing all that is buried away inside us, and toxic, and not really very good for us. may it be so! the first quarter moon, sunday, march 25th. now mars conjuncts neptune, bringing compassion to the arc of development that is unfolding over the course of this monthly cycle. this is the time when the new shoot begins to emerge figuratively in our psyches as a result of the courage we have shown at the time of the new moon just past. it may be a difficult emerging into manifestation, but if the impulse is consistent with our inner vision it is likely to be a viable birth.



posted by najaramah @ 12:44 am  
      
         2 comments






wednesday, february 28, 2007



	 searching for romantic inspiration by zodiac sign
    


wracking your brain for the perfect date?  take a cue from the stars!  check out these delectable date ideas inspired by the heavens.aries - the ramthe ram can't resist a challenge.  if you're up for it, give her intrepid spirit a chance to walk on the edge.  a dirt biking trip or boxing lessons are sure to get her heart pounding.  if you're not a thrill-seeker yourself, try sticking to less dangerous dates that still appeal to the fighter and the explorer in her.  camping, bike riding and roller blading are all good date prospects that are more likely to leave you sore than seriously injured!  but only the truly courageous are willing to tackle the ram's competitive spirit.  if you think you're game, challenge her to a board game or a tennis match.  just remember that the aries is in it for the win, and she doesn't take prisoners. taurus - the bulltaurus gets a bad rap for being materialistic, but it's not necessarily deserved.  true, he is drawn to the finer things in life, but it's driven by a love of beauty, security and sensual pleasures, not by greed.  taking a taurus shopping may bring a sparkle to her eye, but so will a walk in a beautiful garden or a trip to the museum.  in fact, a night home with a delectable home-cooked meal can be divine.  your cooking will tickle her exquisite palate, whetting her appetite for more sensual pleasures to come.  gemini - the twinswhatever you do, don't let these capricious characters get bored.  the twins are always in need of attention and stimulation.  introduce a gemini to new ideas, new places and new skills in the form of concerts, games, clubs and classes.   don't be disappointed if your gemini doesn't seem to take to your idea.  his attention is notoriously difficult to capture for long, but he's sure to appreciate the novelty and the care you took in the planning.  the twins also they have an appetite for knowledge that they can be somewhat lazy about satisfying, so don't be afraid to drag them on thought-provoking dates to history museums and art openings.  they'll thank you for it later; at least, they'll mean to before they get distracted… again.cancer - the crabthe imaginative cancer can be drawn out of her shell by a good story; try taking her to plays, movies, dance concerts, and even sporting events.  discover her favorite basketball team (her need to ally herself with a group or cause means she's probably a lifelong fan) and score playoff tickets.   if you're rooting for the other side, though, you might want to keep it to yourself; the crab is sensitive beneath that tough exterior and is known to snap when she's on the defensive.  remember that at heart, she needs a lot of nurturing and has a weakness for romance.  handle her gently, and don't hold back on the sentimental gestures.leo - the lionthis is one sign who won't resent an ambush.  surprise her with a night she won't forget when she least expects it and you'll leave this lion purring for more.  leo's are naturally creative, so think arts and music.  or appeal to her deeply sensual side with a stop at the day spa followed by a dip in the hot spa.  really, it's hard to go wrong with a leo.  this good-natured soul will make any date a royally enjoyable experience for both of you.virgo - the virgin if you can relieve your virgo of his command for the evening, surprise him with something as thoughtful as he is.  show him you pay attention, too, by tailoring the evening to his tastes and preferences.  try a favorite restaurant, followed by a local band you think he'd like, or even a documentary that will pique suit his peculiar virgo curiosity.  and don't forget the details!  make reservations, arrive early and make sure the place is spotless before you bring him home.    if you don't hit every mark, however, fear not.  he may be a fierce perfectionist in his own habits, but the virgin is a people-pleaser by nature and is sure to appreciate your affection and respond in kind.libra - the scalesthis gentle soul has a taste for beauty, communication and intimacy. take a libra to a picnic or an evening under the stars. outdoor concerts will satisfy a twofold longing for harmony. just don't try to get by with the hasty or generic. a movie might be easy, but it's no way to woo a libra. invest some energy in a plan that is both meaningful and well thought-out, with some time set aside for real connection, and you'll find the libra heart open and welcoming.  scorpio - the scorpionit shouldn't be too much of a burden to discern a scorpio's preferences. they're typically all too willing to make their likes and dislikes known. plan an evening that proves you've been paying attention. again, you'll want to be personal with this one. the scorpio is deeply involved in his emotions, and he'll want you to be as well. if the two of you are passionately in love, make a date that will give him an opportunity to express that passion and get thoroughly wrapped up in togetherness. if you're still playfully getting to know one another, try going dancing or splashing around at the beach. and remember, the scorpio's passion is particularly alive in the bedroom, so don't be surprised if his affection for you necessitates a little private time! sagittarius - the centaurthis one's in it for the thrill. why not take adventurous sagittarius on a date she'll never forget? let the sky be the limit as you look into climbing, hang gliding or bungee jumping. and don't forget about the thrill of novelty. check out an untried ethiopian restaurant, a trendy new night spot or a local band. you'll keep the archer on her toes while you broaden horizons for both of you. capricorn - the goatget that goat away from his work and out on the town! this workaholic might seem like an unlikely candidate for comedy, but the capricorn has surprisingly witty undercurrents. a comedy club might be just what the two of you need to tap into that playfulness. just be sure to research your choice carefully. while a stand-up stand up will keep you both laughing for hours, a stale routine won't get past a cap. his self-critical eye can just as easily pick up on the shortcomings of others, and you'll be hearing about it all night! aquarius - the water carrierbrainy aquarians have a serious artistic streak, so it's hard to go wrong with dates centered on visual art, music, dance or drama. take her to a museum, the opera or the theatre. don't rule out small art openings, photography exhibits and underground bands. the water-bearer's open mind makes new experiences (even those that don't deliver) worth catching. aquarians are also characteristically philanthropic and intensely intellectual. challenge her with a socially conscious play or look into creative date ideas like charity benefits or book signings. pisces - the fishestry taking shy pisces away from the crowds. whisk him away on a quiet hike or a picnic in a beautiful spot. sensitive and thoughtful, pisces is moved by gestures and tenderness, and he's more than willing to recognize the effort you put into your plans, however simple. his imaginative, escapist nature makes films and plays another sound date candidate, especially if they're light, fanciful and fictional. avoid dreary topics, at least at first. aim to uplift and shelter this delicate personality, and you're in for a delightful time with a soulful partner.more...



posted by najaramah @ 4:07 am  
      
         3 comments






monday, february 26, 2007




	 the sky this week - 02/26/07 - 03/04/07
    



 last year in late august and september, a solar eclipse occurred within a month of a saturn/ neptune opposition. it may be useful to think back on that period as saturn opposes neptune on february 28 and a lunar eclipse occurs in virgo on march 3. information-oriented mercury's entrance into free-spirited aquarius on february 27 helps you think creatively while assessing your progress in the midst of these dynamic planetary events. february 27: mercury enters aquarius  as retrograding mercury, the planet of communication, re-enters altruistic aquarius on february 27, you are returning to old conversations and ideas. leaving behind the emotionalism of pisces for now, you have the opportunity in this innovative air sign to develop your ideas and to return to conversations with those who can help you. if you know which house mercury is traveling through in your chart, you can apply those ideas to that area of your life.  february 28: saturn opposes neptune  in this opposition, realistic saturn is challenging idealistic neptune to put in the hard work so that you can manifest your dreams. last year on august 31, the first of three oppositions took place. back then you had a chance to assess your life and see where necessary changes needed to occur. letting go of fantasies is a part of this period. at this second pass, take time to step back and analyze what it is that you need to do to move yourself forward and live the life of your dreams. have you left your fantasy life behind? watch out for denial. this is still the middle of the process though so don't expect changes overnight! the third of this opposition series takes place on june 25 this year, when you will begin to get your ducks in a row.  march 3: virgo lunar eclipse  over the past year with eclipses occurring in the axis of virgo and pisces, the signs of physical and spiritual health, you and the world are focusing on becoming healthier. issues of food and water purity, exercise, the medical system and the environment are all receiving attention. uranus' influence on this eclipse clearly signals that it's time to institute major changes. lunar eclipses are like an extra-intense full moon, which is an emotional high-tide time when you can assess where you are emotionally. in the days following this moon but before the next new moon on march 19 -- which is a solar eclipse -- get a plan together to improve your body, mind and spirit. invest in what's working or make changes that will make you feel more comfortable. apply yourself to a goal, a project, a dream. this is a serious moon that stimulates you to accomplish your goals. analyze, plan, get organized and implement!  more...



posted by najaramah @ 8:58 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, february 23, 2007



	 uranus: the enlightener
    


seen sometimes as a 'higher octave' of mercury, uranus enables communication without the conventional mechanism of speech and physical conduction methods. it is therefore associated with radio waves, electromagnetic radiation and electricity, and nuclear radiation. it evokes originality, which when positively expressed manifests as inventiveness; when negatively expressed, as deviance.uranus confers contempt for conventional conceptions of morality; distaste at being controlled and at arbitrary forms of outside authority; executive ability; flashes of intuition; perspicacious and reliable insight into others' personal motivations; interest in the principles of religion and science, and in scientific investigation of material phenomena; an inclination to part with customs; and mechanical ability that favours engineering. it is aloof; altruistic; cool; critical; crushingly assertive; conscious of personal authority and power; directed by inner impulses; eccentric; erratic; firm-opinioned; frequently fatalistic regarding personal destiny; heroic; iconoclastic; illuminating; imaginative; impersonal; impulsive; ingenious; insistent upon independence; innovative; inventive of new ideas, methods, moral codes and occupations; liberating; moved by new circumstances; off-hand; organising; peculiar; positive; persevering when faced with obstacles to surmount; power-conscious; promoting; prone to sudden changes of mind and view; prophetic; revolutionary; romantic; self-centred; self-reliant; spasmodic; spontaneous; unbendingly wilful; unsentimental; variable; and violently reactive against potential privations of freedom of thought and action; but when restricted, potentially anarchistic; bohemian; eccentric; fanatical; and invective and sarcastic without provocation.uranus signifies everything anomalous or unconventional; and the sudden smashing and transformation of outdated established saturnian structures and restrictions. it also signifies bereavements, blind impulses, catastrophes, changes (especially sudden changes), constructive and mechanical ability, enemies, estrangements, exiles, people in power or authority, public affairs, romances, sudden events, sorrows, suicides, tragedies, and uncertain fortunes.more...



posted by najaramah @ 12:23 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, february 19, 2007



	 the sky this week - 02/19/07 - 02/25/07
    


 the relationship planets enter new signs this week with venus' entrance into fiery aries on february 21 and mars moving into independent aquarius on february 25. but before venus makes this transition, something needs to be left behind as she squares intense pluto on february 19. in the middle of all of this relationship shifting, information becomes available on february 22 as retrograding mercury joins the sun in a conjunction that gives you something to consider before making any decisions.  february 19: venus square pluto  you know all the intensity that's been going on in your relationships? there's more here. venus in sensitive, romantic pisces can sometimes put rose-colored glasses on our outlook. those shades come off now as pluto's confrontation with venus in this square makes you aware of what you can and can't control when it comes to relationships. something needs to be released. determine what you need to let go of. is it a person or simply old beliefs that don't serve you anymore? it's time to transform your relationship values to reflect the person you are today.  february 21: venus enters aries  as the planet of love enters this highly active fire sign, it's time for you to get off the couch, turn off your computer and go out and do something! looking for a mate? try signing up for competitive sports: racket ball, tennis or even getting into the batting cage are all fabulous ways to meet someone now. for those already with someone, keep in mind that aries is the mythological god of war. this time can spark your passion; to fan those flames, choose an activity and get out of the house. otherwise, you may turn your beady eyes on each other -- and that's probably not a good idea!  february 22: mercury conjunct sun  when retrograding mercury connects with the sun, you return to conversations that offer valuable information -- but it's not time to act on that data. for now, store it away. you'll be able to use it next month after mercury turns direct on march 8. this conjunction takes place in pisces, giving you a great opportunity to tune into the non-logical mind. use your imagination and intuition to help you find solutions to big questions. sometimes the answers are in the least likely places. be open to that now.  february 25: mars enters aquarius  as action-oriented mars leaves pragmatic, lets-climb-a-mountain capricorn and enters one of the most independent signs of the zodiac, it's time for you to get creative, innovative and start coloring outside the lines. if you can harness the assertive energy of mars and the determination of this fixed air sign, you can make inroads into areas you never thought possible.  more on najaramah.com



posted by najaramah @ 8:57 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, february 15, 2007



	 relocation astrology
    


finding your perfect placehave you ever wondered about where you would be happiest living, or where you might meet the partner of your dreams? the astrology of relocation can actually help you to find your ideal home and relationship. moving to a new location can assist you in making the changes in your life that you have always dreamed about. it's a great way to let go of old patterns of living and to create fulfilling new ones.the relocation branch of astrology seeks to find the best place for a person to express all of his potentials and to find personnal happiness - love, friendship, romance, health, career success, etc. when an astrologer relocates a chart, the astrologer is attempting to find a location where the client can have a fulfilling home life, personnal life, and professional life - or meet a partner. it can be challenging to find one place that fits all of these categories. relocation isn't always used for moves. sometimes the astrologer is simply looking for fulfilling places for a person to travel, or for the places that are most supportive for one's business.relocation astrology show where your planetary lines run through the united states and throughout the world ( the locations where your natal planets would fall on the angles).they help you to understand what parts of yourself (as indicated by the planetary lines) are being triggered in different places.for example, if you are living on your venus line, your desire to love, relate, and create would be enhanced and amplified by living there. you would find your primary values supported in this location. venus lines are considered to be the most positive places for finding a partner. you would need to transform unresolved issues  around relationship, partnership, and self-worth in order for your relationship to thrive.if you are living on a mercury line, you would have a greater desire to write, communicate, and learn new things. unresolved issues related to the way you communicate will come up to be healed. you would be challenged to look at the entire area of communication and to learn to communicate in a clear, open, and honest way in order to relate more effectively.each planetary line brings both the gifts and the negative tendencies of a particular planet. the amount of stress you would experience in a particular location would have something to do with the way in which the planetary line that you are living under is aspected in your birth-chart. if you choose not to live under any planetary line, then the energy of your birth-chart would operate in a less biased and more natural way. living under the line of a particular planet makes the energy of that planet uppermost in your consciousness.the astrology of relocation can give you a much clearer sense of what parts of yourself will be brought out and accentuated in a particular place. this information can assist you in making wise choices about where you would like to live. it can give you more control over which areas of your life will be brought forwaed in your experience and information about some of the key issues that are likely to surface in a particular location. it also reveals which of your personal gifts will be brought forth in a particular area.getting your astrological chart relocated can be a very enjoyable and informative experience.go and try it at horoscopes1.com



posted by najaramah @ 9:59 am  
      
         2 comments














links

astrology for life
free horoscope for you
natal astrology
classical astrology
vedic astrology
feng shui tips
astrology for life

previous posts

the sky this week - 03/05/06 - 03/11/06
lunar phases and eclipses for march 2007
searching for romantic inspiration by zodiac sign
the sky this week - 02/26/07 - 03/04/07
uranus: the enlightener
the sky this week - 02/19/07 - 02/25/07
relocation astrology
the sky this week - 02/12/07 - 02/18/07
the stars this week - 02/05/07 - 02/11/07
the stars this week - 01/29/07 - 02/04/07

cherry sage accurate online psychic readings|psychic phone readings|tarot card readings
	get real psychic answers by established clairvoyant psychic cherry sage, offers quality,authenticity,accuracy and honesty.  read 100s of testimonials to her extraordinary ability to provide accurate relationship and career advice using her spiritual
indian astrology, vedic astrology :astrouniverse
	indian astrology site which predicts using vedic astrology and provides online shopping of gems,arts and crafts.financial astrology,job analysis,marriage analysis are some of the free services.
archives

2005-08-28
2005-09-18
2005-09-25
2005-10-09
2005-10-16
2005-10-23
2005-10-30
2005-11-06
2005-11-13
2005-11-27
2005-12-04
2005-12-18
2005-12-25
2006-01-01
2006-01-08
2006-01-15
2006-01-22
2006-01-29
2006-02-05
2006-02-12
2006-02-19
2006-03-05
2006-03-12
2006-03-19
2006-03-26
2006-04-02
2006-07-16
2006-11-12
2006-11-26
2006-12-03
2006-12-10
2006-12-17
2006-12-24
2006-12-31
2007-01-07
2007-01-14
2007-01-21
2007-01-28
2007-02-04
2007-02-11
2007-02-18
2007-02-25
2007-03-04









 





