






















home | city of corry














  skip to main content












pay your bill


contact us


receive updates



















menu









about us






about the city of corry





administration




calendar




city officers and staff




contact us




corry history




council members




meetings







doing business with the city





documents & forms




employment opportunities




ordinances




request for proposals







reports





city audit




city budget




strategic management planning program (stmp)




the weir report (2011) and updates









departments






public safety





police department




fire department




code enforcement




covid-19







public works





streets




trash




water




waste water treatment




bid specs







treasurer's office





property taxes




earned income tax




local services tax




per capita tax







zoning





planning commission




zoning hearing board









community information






community resources





airport




city park




conelway regional emergency mgt agy -crema




corry community center




corry public library




mead park




north hills municipal golf course









news & announcements





search
        terms















city of
        corry
      
100 south center street
corry, pa 16407
(814) 663-7041
contact us








news
   
    and featured section
      


news




wm update: monday trash pick-up


                        

              wm update: monday trash pick-up attention monday route customers - wm has just notified us of a truck issue. they will not be able to collect the entire route today, monday feb. 3rd. whatever trash was missed today, they will be picking up tomorrow, tuesday, feb. 4th. thank you.


      
          



                monday, february 3, 2025 at 12:22 pm
              







oaths of office - january 10, 2025


                        

              on january 10th, 2025, the city of corry administered oaths of office to eight individuals. please help us in congratulating the following people and welcoming them to their new roles with the city of corry. jordon kitchen - police chief ryan card - fire chief christopher young - deputy fire chief travis fiamella - fire captain jacob nugent - fire lieutenant bryton lyon - firefighter mark ziegler - fire police bob seitz - fire police we appreciate the hard work and dedication these individuals have put into their positions and we congratulate them on their accomplishments! we are looking...


      
          



                wednesday, january 15, 2025 at 9:57 am
              







2025 wm collection calendar (trash/recycling/bulk)


                        

              please review the 2025 wm collection calendar below for trash/recycling/bulk pickup. trash will continue to be picked up weekly and recycling every other week. bulk pickup will again be on an weekly alternating schedule based on your normal trash pick up day. bulk pickup days will now be wednesdays, no longer on tuesday. 1st wednesday - monday's trash route 2nd wednesday - wednesday's trash route 3rd wednesday - thursday's trash route 4th wednesday - friday's trash route you can also view the 2025 wm collection calendar as well as the 2025 wm guidlines by clicking here, or by going to...


      
          



                friday, january 3, 2025 at 9:45 am
              







city hall- closed 12/6/24


                        

              city hall will be closed on 12/6/24 due to the weather conditions and the safety of our employees. we are sorry for any inconvenience.


      
          



                friday, december 6, 2024 at 6:58 am
              







job posting: full-time public works streets operator


                        

              job posting: full-time public works streets operator please see attached job posting for details.


      
          



                wednesday, december 4, 2024 at 10:43 am
              





view all news


featured




pothole hotline information









learn more






city of corry police k-9 fund donations







                        

              the city of corry police department needs your help as they work to implement a full-time police k-9 unit! the city of corry police department believes that by having a police k-9 unit - they will...


      
          

learn more






waste management's at your door special collection service







                        

              waste management's at your door special collection service can safely collect many types of unwanted potentially hazardous and hard-to-recycle items from your home. click here to learn more click...


      
          

learn more




view all featured














pay your bill
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your bill using our online payment system.

pay your bill





plancorry
plancorry is a multi-faceted planning effort, involving 3 main items:
comprehensive plan update
city asset inventory and property assessment
zoning ordinance rewrite
plancorry









code of ordinances
comprehensive ordinance list dating back to 2016
code of ordinances





public meeting information
official information from our public meetings
public meeting information

















corry history
a little over 200 years ago, the corry area was a swampy valley with three creeks meandering through dense woods of towering hemlocks and pines. 
read more








return to top

















city of corry





main office



(814) 663-7041


                                                            100 south center street                                                             corry, pa 16407
                                                        








                        website by muni-link
                            webpresence |
                                                    accessibility statement |
                                                                             terms
                                of use |
                                                                             privacy
                                policy |
                                                 sitemap |
                                                                          log in















