


23888





















    
23888

  





tuesday, february 12, 2008



 
 germany behind the mask: monster or marshmallow?
 
    


for over 50 years, herbert w. armstrong warned that a german-led european combine would thresh the nations. when germany lay in ashes after wwii, mr. armstrong had no doubt germany would be back with a vengeance and he pounded this theme home through the pages of the plain truth magazine read by millions worldwide.are we wrong about europe? by ryan malone of the philadelphia trumpet magazine, reveals how they continue in armstrong's tradition.konrad  adenauer said the west was "taking a calculated risk" when they  started  rebuilding germany after the holocaust. before that president  roosevelt and  prime minister churchill agreed: "it is our inflexible  purpose to destroy german  militarism and nazism and to ensure  germany will never again be able to disturb  the peace of the world."nevertheless, helmut schmidt reported germany was  again putting  on "imperial airs," and author bernard conally wrote that france  was struggling to "hold the old demons of germany's character in  check." margaret  thatcher warned her deaf audience that "germany is very powerful  now - her national character is to  dominate." are they all just  crying wolf? or is the german beast about to devour again?robert locke is opposed to the increasingly fascist europe (but doesn't believe germany dominates it) stated: "i can't agree with you about germany. it  is a castrated pc marshmallow of a country, not a lion preparing  to rule the  world."consider luigi barzini's reference to the mutable germans in the europeans where he questions: which is the shape of the german proteus this morning? which will be its shape tomorrow? johannes gross thinks his countrymen wear a mask. 'but the day may come when someone lifts the mask, he wrote. the face that appears may be less full-cheeked and rosy than today's... so long as we wear the mask, we remain hidden and continue to conceal the situation from ourselves.'ron fraser (is a world dictator about to appear?) exposes: although germany is the  prime mover in all these [european unification] efforts, in order to dispel any idea that the country may have expansionist intentions, these initiatives have generally been made under the cloak of being for the common good of the european union.this sentiment concurs with bismarck, who wrote in his diary (nov. 1876): i have always heard politicians use the word europe when they were making requests to other powers which they did not dare formulate  in the name of their own country.what is germany hiding? nuclear weapons? who would be so foolish to imagine germany without their own nuclear weapons when they were ahead of us in developing them? certainly the grand design franz josef strauss had in mind (with much at his disposal as federal minister of nuclear energy, and later defense minister) demanded independence from the united states. and germany's dolphin submarines delivered to israel, equipped to handle nuclear weapons, underscore german military capabilities, yet the united states continues to blindly promote their control of the european continent, oblivious to  the  dangers in us-german european policy.how  many german plants in america are serving the interests of germany's  budding fourth reich? it's not only german factories and  german businesses in  america proving that basic thoroughness of the orderly german (johannes gross), since the secret nazis had predetermined such a strategy,  but bought and paid for american  prostitutes in diverse and perverse  positions of power aid and abet them! they expose  our country to danger and will leave us infected as a nuclear  wasteland!what is germany hiding behind the mask? even if skeptics dismiss the mystic relationship between germany and the vatican (both forging europe into their image believing the german spirit will heal the world -emanuel geibel), and doubt the bavarian pope is soon going to promote a particular strong man and platform to save europe and the world from the threat of islam, shouldn't those responsible for our national security seriously consider the scenario of a united states of europe betraying us? shouldn't the intelligence experts consider that possibility and prepare for it? why suffer the element of surprise that germany is infamous for?  the german is acquainted with the hidden paths to chaos... (nietzche)....it is once again important to keep an eye on the german proteus in an attempt to fathom the probable shape of things to come. what form will he assume next? after all, germany is still le coeur de l'europe (barzini). is the german marshmallow about to mutate into the german monster? will the eu mask come off and expose the beast? will the heart be healthy for europe or dark and dangerous?costa rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingmlm programmlm programmlm programcosta rica surfingmlm programcosta rica surfingcosta rica surfingmlm programmlm programmlm programcosta rica surfing



posted by 18182 @ 4:41 pm
0 comments










about me

name:  18182 

view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

germany behind the mask: monster or marshmallow?
the need for speed in soccer

archives

feb 12, 2008








 




