



submit search form








        



 



   









business 

102 business ideas google group
graphics portfolio
opt out resources
publishing
resume




computer tutorials and links 

converting an mde to an mdb?  
changing the language settings in word 2007 and 2010  
cutting down on spam, spyware and telemarketers  
entering foreign characters in word and other programs  
finding review articles to make purchasing decisions  
fixing a disappearing start menu, start button and taskbar  
fixing cd and dvd device manager error codes  
fixing cd/dvd drive problems with 18 freeware tools and scripts  
making an image map from an svg file  
recovering a corrupt excel file  
recovering a corrupt microsoft money file  
recovering a nonfunctioning cd drive  
recovering  text from a corrupt word docx file  
recovering text from corrupt word documents - in general 
removing oil stains from flag stone and concrete  
repairing open office files  
restoring the volume control to your windows system tray  
s2 services   - my data recovery freeware site.
saveofficedata.com   - my free office file recovery service
speeding up a pc  
wraping text around a round object in word  
using a stone set ring enlarger  




arts 

brockco animations
family news letter satires
graphics portfolio
graphics portfolio2
ice-storm   - tweener book.


jenny and the silly monkeys    - children's book  .
secret santa   - children's book 
socks   - children's book  .
sublime songs - my music list.


ideas 

epinasty
genealogy of life - what if the tree of life was like a human genealogy where  hybridization led to speciation?
gods, kings and heroes -genealogy trees of every type except the ordinary.  under construction.
plant hormone speculations
scriptural evolution
scriptural physics
plant senescence  theory
socrates/plato's political cycles
toward a new synthesis of science and evangelical christianity google group




links to other family members' sites 

faith & courage in a time of trouble    - a book by my mother   about her experiences during world war ii hiding from the nazis.
international education associates web site   - my mother's web site
the day of small things    - the 1st book about my great-grandmother's experience as a missionary in china.
two magic pearls   - text with a machine read recorded audio version.
up from zero in north china final   - the 2nd book about my great-grandmother's experience as a missionary in china.




 
 

paul pruitt's pages




howmanyofme.com







there are
 
									people with the name paul pruitt in the u.s.a. 



how many have your name?






videos - my youtube videos, 12 of them.


business - this is my resume, my data recovery clearinghouse site and other related business pages.


tutorials - i have developed several hopefully useful basic computer tutorials.   


s2 press - these are pdf files of books i have had printed with cafepress and lulu press.


portfolio - over the years i have developed a large portfolio of graphics, multimedia and creative writing portfolio. 


ideas - i have a graduate degree in biology and like to speculate and propose ideas in science, engineering, philosophy, and religion.


links - these are links of friends, family and useful additional sites.  



 




 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 





