



your linen service - a family-owned, local textile rental & commercial laundry service company












your linen service - a family-owned, local textile rental & commercial laundry service company















































 

















your linen service
a family-owned, local textile rental & commercial laundry service company
navigation

home
products and services

dress to impress with direct sale options!
hospitality linen rental
first-class laundry service
restaurant linen rental

napkin folding guide


healthcare
dust control
hygiene services


about us

we are green
company locations
services & textiles
memberships
testimonials
blog


employment
request for service
 












 

get a free cost analysis


contact sales and service

 
 




 


hospitality linen rental
providing quality linen to hotels, motels, inn’s, spas, & conference centers
our linen rental services and products are designed to enhance your guests’ experience, while helping you save money. 

read more
 
 

 


first-class laundry service
customer owned linen laundry service
our customer owned linen laundry service provides first-class hotel linen cleaning. we specialize in 100% cotton and high thread count sheets and cotton terry processing.

read more
 
 

 


restaurant linen rental
stay a cut above the rest
you can rely on our years of industry experience to help put the finishing touches on your restaurant. 

read more
 
 

 


healthcare
providing uniforms & linens for the medical industry
our linen service only uses garments that exceed all relevant safety guidelines and we employ processing methods that result in safe, clean textiles ready to be used in healthcare facilities.

read more
 
 

 


dust control
does your business shine?
a clean business is good advertising, improves employee morale and productivity, and costs less to maintain. we save you the time, dollars, and hassle of stocking products and keeping them ready to do the job.

read more
 
 

 


hygiene services
keeping your facility clean
everything you need to easily maintain a clean, well stocked restroom for your employees, customers & guests.

read more
 
 
 
 
 



"a sustainable, energy efficient, recycling company protecting the health, hygiene and image of the communities we serve."
since 1934, we have provided local linen, mat, and uniform rental and commercial laundry services.

 



about us
providing quality service is key for your linen service’s long history of growth and success
your linen service celebrates 85 years of service. learn more about our history.
even though we are orange we have always been green. our company is dedicated to resource conservation, social responsibility, and conservation. part of the quality service we offer our customers is the knowledge that we are helping them achieve their business goals while reducing their impact on the environment. learn more about our green practices.
by limiting the size of our service centers, your linen service’s structure is quite different from the industry trend of large centralized facilities serving customers in expansive geographic areas. learn more about our service area.
our unique textile rental service systems offer a complete line of linens, uniforms, mats, textile and disposable related products. our services are provided to restaurants, hotels, inns, country clubs, spas, health care clinics, hospitals, nursing homes, barber/beauty shops, and other retail, commercial and industrial establishments. learn more about our services.
we are local! but participate in state wide and national organizations this means you receive great value provided by industry experts. view our memberships.
service means that the customer has what they need – when they need it. hear it from our valued customers.
 

history
david m. struminger, president and coo (left) with donald struminger, chairman of the board (right)
your linen service was originally founded as virginia coat and apron supply company by irving struminger, and his two brothers, moe and henry in 1934 in petersburg, virginia. irving struminger was a cpa and attorney doing tax work for a linen supply company in new york when he stumbled across the opportunity. by 1940, each of the brothers was active in the business. now in our third generation, the company has grown into a sustainable and dynamic linen rental service. your linen service serves a market area from new jersey to south carolina and from virginia to ohio and continues to expand into new markets and invest in the latest technology. as a full-service textile rental company, we serve the hospitality, healthcare, restaurant, industrial industries.

we believe in our motto:
q – quality consistently excellent
i – inventory at proper level
s – service prompt & consistent
 

we are green


 

 
we are committed to running an environmentally responsible business. we value being a socially responsible company and we strive to help our customers and associates reduce their impact on the environment.
 
 

 

 




© 2020 your linen service, inc.
all rights reserved.

   
   
   site map | home | contactcompany associate login
   
 


 








