








home page












































































































go to main content


routing # 264281393
 make a payment  rates  locations 


open an account 



online banking







save & spend

checking
investments
reorder checks
savings





make ‘someday,’ today!
 accounts that fit your needs.
open an account




borrow

apply for a loan
auto loans
business loans
credit cards
home loans
signature & education support loans





memories made
loans for all life moments, big or small.
apply today




online & mobile

24/7 account access
greenpath financial wellness
make a payment 
new member information
online banking
 





access at your fingertips
24/7 account access options.
learn more




 
about

about tn members 1st
atm locations
faqs
member benefits & perks
properties for sale
shared branch locator
 
 





your local credit union
serving members for over 75 years
become a member




connect

careers
commitment to community
community partner hub
holiday schedule
hours & locations
member feedback
news & events
refer a member
 





more than money.
supporting member and community growth.
learn more




 
 




 search: 









 8th annual diaper drive
help us collect unopened diapers (any size) and wipes throughout february.
learn moresubmit your bod biography
biographies will be accepted until february 14.
learn moreenjoy the ride!
drive off with a low-rate auto loan with rates as low as 5.99% apr*.
apply todaylook. tap. go.
contactless cards are here!
learn moremore than money
our commitment to community initiative.
learn morejoin the cu
not here for our profit, here for yours.
become a member















welcome home!
no matter if you’re a first-time home buyer, looking to refinance, or want to make the most out of the equity in your current home, we have options to fit your needs!
learn more












account access





member rates





contact us





visa account





shared branches





make a payment







 



let us help guide you




 start over
 what do you want to do?
 save spend grow


 do you want to save and invest for a specific period of time?
 yes no


 are you interested in financial money management/ financial services, or investment options?
 money management/financial services investment options


 daily spending or something specific?
 daily spending something specific


 do you want to pay over time?
 yes no


 what type of loan?
 auto loan home loan personal loan


savings accounts
the initial $5.00 deposit establishes you as a “shareholder” of the credit union and entitles you to receive all the benefits of credit union membership.
learn more



certificates
we offer regular, ira, and youth share certificates with terms ranging from 6-60 months.
learn more



investments
at tn members 1st, we offer a variety of investment options.
learn more



greenpath financial wellness
since 1961, greenpath counselors have been helping people achieve their financial goals, through comprehensive financial counseling and exceptional service.
learn more



checking
find out about tn members checking account options and their benefits.
learn more



credit cards
check out our platinum visa card and all the benefits our members can enjoy!
learn more



auto loans
we offer competitive rates for both new and used autos.
learn more



home loans
no matter if you’re a first-time home buyer, looking to refinance, or want to make the most out of the equity in your current home, we have options to fit your needs! 
learn more



personal loans
we offer signature loans, credit builder loans and education support loans. find the loan that fits your needs.
learn more














homepage rates feature
effective date: tuesday, february 18th, 2025




apr* as low as
5.99%
auto




apr* as low as
13.75%
personal loans




apr* as low as
3.00%
credit builder loan









view all rates apply for a loan






how much can you save?




choose your rate





name
term
*apr as low as
 auto loan 36 months* 5.99 signature loan 12 months* 13.75 credit builder 12 months* 3.00 

*term limits and restrictions apply, ask for details. apr = annual percentage rate.





what's your loan amount?



name: 



months: 
48


apr: 
2.99



input value

slide to adjust loan amount








your monthly payment is only...






 for 

 



learn more apply now 











your money, your goals.
a better financial future begins here.
learn more



 


24/7 account access
with digital banking, you can check account balances, pay bills, transfer funds, view e-statements, and more!
learn more





look. tap. go.
contactless debit cards are here!
learn more





what our members are saying




 
“i’ve been a member since 1985. i feel like i am a member of an oak ridge family. thanks for all the services offered!”
edward k.

“been a member since the original methodist medical center credit union was founded in the 1980’s and have always experienced great service. loans, checking, and savings. great choice for local financial services.”
timothy b.
 

“everyone is great, helpful and friendly, like a family!”
mary l.

“tn members is great to work with for anything that comes up. very friendly!”
charlotte b.
 

“this credit union is a family, always willing to help others when in need and always listens.”
marian k.

“i love this credit union so much! these folks know me personally and always greet me with a smile. when we refinanced our house in 2021, everyone was so helpful and made the process so easy. i have several accounts and i cannot sing your praises enough!”
kristina c.
 

“my experience with tn members 1st has always been a positive one. my credit union has provided me with a loan that i needed so much back in 2009. the staff were so accommodating and helped find a favorable rate and favorable payment term. this has been a lifeline for my family.”
enrique r.

“joining was easy. the staff are always super friendly and ready to help."
craig r.

“i have been a member since 1985. my father was a doe employee and that is how i joined. the credit union has always been great, offering the financial products i’m looking for.”
mark m.

“i’ve been a member for quite a few years now, have never had a problem with them. all the staff at the oak ridge branch are very friendly and outgoing and always willing to help in any way. i highly recommend banking with them.”
connie h.
 

“i went to get a copy of a check and the teller was so helpful and pleasant. everyone is helpful and so polite you feel like they are family.”
virginia h.
 





go to main navigation











main branch - oak ridge:
(865) 482-4343

knoxville branch:
(865) 539-4344

routing #:
264281393

view our
promotional contest entry rules

website bycusg


 

 facebook  instagram 

contact formprivacy policy website accessibility site map fee schedule


this credit union is federally-insured by the national credit union administration.
we do business in accordance with the fair housing law and equal opportunity credit act.
 






 make a payment  rates  locations 



homesave & spendcheckinginvestmentsreorder checkssavingsborrowauto loansbusiness loanshome loanssignature & education support loanscredit cardsonline & mobile24/7 account accessgreenpath financial wellnessmake a paymentnew member informationonline bankingaboutabout tn members 1statm locationsdigital banking faqsmember benefits and perksproperties for saleshared branch locatorconnectcareerscommitment to communitycommunity partner hubhours & locationsmember feedbacknews & eventsrefer a member routing # 264281393apply for a loan locations & hours 






















