




mcpointless' journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































mcpointless
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














mcpointless







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









user profile
friends
calendar



mcpointless' journal

below are the 25 most recent journal entries.
[ << previous 25 ]
 










 



 

2007.07.21  00.11

sorry to abandon, but what can i say? nothing to report, nothing really to say. though, as of today, i have spent some time thinking that the phrase "canadian supergroup" is kind of redundant, an oxymoron per se. not to take away from their ability or talent, as that's probably quite solid, but the canadians are so very modest that the "super" component just seems a little patronizing. it's as if they're saying "we're a 'supergroup' and we're canadian, but, it's okay, you don't need to fuss over us."

 



 














 



 

2007.03.24  19.11

has anyone else noticed the lovely smell that radiates from a magazine with perfume/cologne samples in it when fanned? i genuinely suggest it. things i want recently:-the emmys to be on. right now. -a plethora of magazine subscriptions   including: vogue, gq, newsweek, esquire, elle, rolling stone-a plethora of cds-to go for a good walk, and someone to go with-a reason to use "voy a matarla"-gloria's cell phone number. we should do somethingthat's about it.
mood:  blah

 



 













 



 

2007.02.26  18.09
mirandized
this occurred to me about a week ago, and i thought it would make an ok livejounal. now i'm wondering if i had already used it, so lets hope i didn'twhat's with all the hard-ass characters named miranda?miranda "the nazi" baileymiranda hobbesmiranda priestlythey're sooooo ruining that name!
mood:  bouncy

 



 













 



 

2007.02.17  19.17
realization!
patricia field and diane von furstenberg... same person? definitely different designers, but, same person. like an actress playing two characters. oh well, we love them both.

 



 













 



 

2007.02.16  21.22
something to remember
bad things accumulate. ever have that day/week/month where it's just like all the shit the universe is going to throw at you for that week/month/year and then you're just done? bad things accumulate, and all the shit the world's gonna throw at you will come, and pass, and then, i suppose, we're done. no?

 



 













 



 

2007.02.06  21.08
things i'm good at
banterresearchrecalling things, i hava a powerful memoryfinding and clutching to subjects, no matter how esoteric or superficialbrand loyaltycelebrity loyaltyfinding the wrong moral to movies (ex.: meangirls: pushing people in front of buses isn't always a terrible thing. grease: change yourself so people will like you. and, stockard channing can both sing and dance.)scouring h&mgirltalktelevision show loyaltyapparently, impressing the englishrationalizingcompartmentalizinghoping for the best in bad situations while secretly knowing terrible, terrible things will happen, and waiting for the aforementioned bad outcome, and then the necessary damage controlreferencing movies i haven't seenantm triviaarticulating the desire to staple things to peoplefinaglingtrying to appreciate the things i havecoming up with valid reasons to dislike peoplefake apologiesrealizing my problemsmanaging what money i havelooking with disdain
mood:  contemplative

 



 














 



 

2007.01.11  09.57
just a thought
court tv, new promotion for january.... tranuary? c'mon, every day in january a case involving a transgender individual. say it with me, ratings gold.
mood:  sick

 



 














 



 

2007.01.01  00.05
new year
as the night sky blinks, aflutter with flashes of fireworks, dancing down upon the waterfront, i look down from the deck, whereupon i've grown jaded of fireworks, music, pop culture and other things. no longer in 06, as pronounced prematurely by vh1's big in 06, we can look back, now being able to throw some "was"s into our retrospection, as it was in fact, last year. neat, huh?
mood:  complacent

 



 














 



 

2006.12.24  18.27

and lo, the holidays are upon us, a time for us to end our felonious whorings, for the more wholesome whoring, for presents! whooo! presents!
mood:  pensive

 



 














 



 

2006.12.18  18.40

oh shit, i hit enter by accident, so to finish the music on the last one: eye to the telescope; kt tunstall

 



 













 



 

2006.12.18  18.06

so, today was the first official day of my school's "winter break", formerly known to me as "christmas break" but now i've entered the beautiful secular world of the public school system, where we're all godless, witchcraft-practicing drugdealers, which is alright with me. my day. what's there to say about my day? i woke up at about 11:30 am, which irks me, because i feel like i'm wasting part of the day. i certainly could have done something with it, but i didn't and it makes me restless, and i'm already young, so i'm practically a soap opera (note to self: soap operas, good way to spend open days, give it a shot.) i watched part of a will & grace episode, the one where neil patrick harris plays the guy from the "welcome back home" un-gaying place. me encanta ironia (feel free to look up).i spent a fair amount of the rest of the afternoon on the computer doing those wacky things i do. i tried to see how fast i type by trying to keep up with a song, which i did a good job at until they got to the part of the song where they repeated the same thing over and over, and i couldn't keep up because there's absolutely no way to keep track of how many of them there were. but i still type pretty quickly. and a use homekeys, a feat in and of itself. i hate people who just use their index fingers to type things out. it's disgusting. after doing some other things that aren't worth mentioning, my mother got home from work, and reminded me that we were going out, for christmas shopping. now, it should be said that my mom is ba-roke, and can is thoroughly dreading christmas and it's gift-giving extraviganza. she actually had to have the talk with me and my sister that she might be deferring christmas this year. (now i know i can't convey the actual tone of this situation in one sentence, so i'll just be blatant, i think this is hilarious) both me and my sister, contrary to what many would do in this situation, just gave variation of sincere "whatever"s, because neither of us are really rushing for christmas. now, i must say that no, this is not some nickalodeon-dr.seuss-christmas-special sort of thing. we are not the kind that are saying this because we aren't greedy, consumerist pigs, we're just not rushing. i repeat: no, we don't understand the meaning of christmas (giving, family, so forth) we're just in the know that we'll get it sooner or later, which sound kind of terrible. so my mother and i are going to go christmas shopping, however, like always, my sister holds us up. royally. she decides that she wants to take a shower, after which she has to get dressed, slap on her whore paint, which will invariably take a very long time. so, i sit back down, turn on the tyra show, and mildly mutter swears at my sister for not being able to multitask or rush. we do eventually leave, but no, my sister tells us that she's not actually going with us. we're just dropping her off at another mall that's out of our way, because......? why are we doing this? no good reasons are given. but oh well. my family is based on a lack of good reasons. on the way there, on the radio is "hurt" by christina aguilera. it's a good song. but, to us, it's a bad song. a terrible, unfathomably awful song. "why?" you ask. because my sister downloaded it, and continues to warble it, endlessly, whenever she's on the computer. christina aguilera: flawless, big, soulful voice. kyle: smokes a little too much. there's a difference. she's dropped off. we jet off to whereever it is we're going. our destination: target. i love target. it's a wonderful, fantastic, unholily large place. i'd call it home if i could. you must understand, it has everything. now, that's time and cost efficient. i really like efficency, in certain areas. the target, is attached to a much larger mall, but it's all i really need. if the mall were a relationship, the target is the conversation, the charisma. the rest of it is the other stuff that i suppose is fine. the more intimate, specific parts; the touch, the smile, which i do thoroughly enjoy, more than thoroughly, but i really really like the conversation, i wouldn't stick around without it. there's my analogy of the day. anyway, i'm in the target, me and mi madre look around for awhile, then i ditch her. not rudely, i just said i was under the impression that we'd be spliting up sooner or later, so we agree to go meet at the mcdonalds at 5, it being 4:30. i browse, trying to get some of my shopping done. i only get one person down, and it's still a little open-ended, i might do more, i might not. if they were to read it, i should give them the hint that it's more of a sentimental gift than practical. you can use it for things, but it's more for the message. i'm done. mom's done. we go home. on the drive home, we have one of those good talks. it's not to deep, it's funny, it's close. i love my mom. it's talks like this that make me know that a little more. we talk about the others in my immediate family, and the extended. it's fun. what would i do without her? what would she do without me? i guess we got lucky. sweet, no?i get home, i sit down, turn on my computer, and i enter the screenname of someone who's myspace i wanted to look at, but i don't actually go there, because, i don't want to deal with whole "would you like to open activex on this page?" which really slows things down. i do go look at her xanga, though. i haven't looked in such a long time. i read some back-entries. her writing goes well with kt tunsall, which i was, and still am, as i write this, listening to. it's soulful and human, but fun. i love them, too.

 



 














 



 

2006.12.17  18.02
just a though
that which separates us from the animals:human:opposable thumb: comes up with the uber-necessary thumbs upraccoon:opposable thumb: no thumbs upwe win again!

 



 














 



 

2006.12.15  19.05
funny zodiac
ok, no joke, i found this stapled up in my garage and i think it's kinda hilarious. i don't support what it says and i'm pretty sure that it's complete bullshit. so take it as it is,  and enjoy:aquaries:jan. 21 - feb 19th -- you have an inventive mind and are inclined to be promiscuious. you lie a great deal, on the other hand you are inclined to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes repeatedly. everyone thinks you're stupid.pisces:feb 20 - mar 20 -- you have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed by the cia and fbi. you have minor influence over your associates and people resent you for flaunting your power. you lack confidence and are generally a coward. pisces people screw up small animals. aries: march 21 - apr. 20 -- you are the pioneer type and hold the most people in comtempt. you are quick tempered, lacksodaisical and scornful, in other words you are a prick. most aries have hemorroids.taurus: april 21 - may 21 -- you are practical and persistant. you have a dogged determination and work like hell. most people think you are stubborn and bullheaded. you are nothing but a goddam communist.gemini:may 22 - june 21 -- you are a quick intelligent thinker. people like you because you are bisexual. however, ou are inclined to expect too much for too little. this means you are a cheap son-of-a-bitch. gemini's are notorious for thriving on incest. cancer:june 22 - july 23 -- you are sympathetic and understanding to other people's problems. they think you are a sucker. you are always putting things off, and that is why you'll always be on welfare and never worth a shit.  leo:july 24 - aug 23 -- you consider yourself a born leader, while others think you're pushy. most leos are bullies. you are vain, and cannot tolerate honest criticism. your arrogance is disgusting. leo people are always thieving bastards. virgo:aug 24 - sept 23 -- you are the logical type and hate disorder. this nit-picking is sickening to your friends. you are cold and unemotional and often fall asleep while making love. virgos make excellent bus drivers and pimps.libra: sept 24 - oct 23 -- you are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality. if you are a man, you are more than likely queer. chances of employment and monetary gains are excellent. most libra women are whores. all libras die of venereal disease.scorpio: oct 24 - nov 22 -- you are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted. you shall achieve the pinaccle of success because of your total lack of ethics. you are a perfect son-of-a-bitch. most scorpios are murdered. sagittarius:nov 23 - dec 21 -- you are optimistic and enthusiastic. yyou have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. the majority of sagittarians are drunks and dope fiends. people laugh at you a great deal because you are always getting fucked.capricorn: dec 22 - jan 20 -- you are conservative and afraid of taking risks. you don't do much of anything and are lazy. there has never been a capricorn of any importance. capricorns should avoid standing still for long periods of time as they tend to attract pidgeons.

 



 














 



 

2006.12.08  23.45
a little bit of poetry
i wrote this while i was watching a play (school play), and i rather like it, so bare with me:that which is beautiful will be distroyedthat which is ugly will be cloakedthat which is mediocre will be surpassedthat which you hate shall passand that which you love shall remain, to sustain you, unchanged, in your time of needi used the first four lines as part of a poem for a lord of the flies project, so i pretty much turned this kickly little devotion stanza into a "bad things will happen, but it might get better" poem. i should say that the format was "line...rhyming stanza....line....rhyming stanza...etc" caridee won top model, good for her. finally they get one right, except for when they eliminated the twins, but still, way of the final three. speaking of fashion models, i just got a look at dior model riley keough, who's a real knockout. the first time i had seen her on the fabulous life of..., i thought she looked a lot like her mom, lisa marie pressly, which is to say, a little strung out (family trait, not drug related, to clarify, bedroom-sleepy eyes, strong jaw, usually a little shiney), but i saw a better picture and damn.
mood:  bouncy

 



 














 



 

2006.11.23  19.07

why are middle names give such little regard in alphabetical orders?

 



 














 



 

2006.11.23  14.26
feliz dia de accion de gracias!
baking? for of cooking or just half-hearted attempt at cremation by impatient anglicans?

 



 














 



 

2006.11.08  22.03
in my head
as she won't be back for a "while", i think i need a moment of silence for my livejournal diety, elyse sewell. the other day, my humanities teacher demanded that i take honors english and ap history next year, and now i think i have to. what would jesus do? my only option has to do with sandals, and i don't own any, so, what would buddha do? no, i'm too greedy for that one. ummmmm... what would zeus do? i could alway turn myself into a cow...... no wait, that's dream me who can do that. i guess i'm royally boned. what's a crackwhore to do? try to think about rainbows when it gets bad? today:f- i usually sit around reading, but today was different. not a lot different, just a little. i was asked to grade tests. however, the teacher i ta for is a tad flighty, and makes no sense, so unless i sit inside her head i can't do anything right. after that, went to see my advisor, who was actually kinda fun today (i think she got dumped recently, cause she's acting like a kicked puppy). my favorite teacher was out today, so her advisory was there too, and that's just a little weird, i feel like i have to be a good host. what kind of hor d'eurve can a person whip up in a biolab? nothing edible or of god, so i just sat there, making wisecracks under my breath, as is my nature. we discussed upcoming projects, or at least which ones we would sign up for. i said, offhand, that i would consider signing up for latin partner dancing if i knew good people were going to be in it, too. i have no such guarantees, so i doubt i'd sign up. however, upon saying this, my advisor was like "you totally should. i really want you to sign up for that." i really didn't know what to say to that. we moved on. my friend decided to comindeer the advisors computer and take pictures of herself. as i watched this madness, a girl who is in the guest advisory was like, "what are you up to in drama?" (we have drama together, and i have to direct a scene that we'er performing tomorrow, and i'm petrified, and she's a director, too, so i think she was kind of lost) and i was cordial to this questiong and tried to be at least a little charming (i hate that word), and she began complimenting me, which is totally flattering, and i have absolutely no idea what to do with flattery. i politely said thank you, and tried to move on. lunch, nothing much to say about that. except, i walked up the stairs a different way than usual, to kill time, and i passed a lovely girl who i don't talk to much but am on very good terms, and after i passed, she came running past me, and, no joke said, i had the "perfect walk." and literally asked me to show her how i do it. i, being modest, said i don't think about it, when, in fact, i kind of do. just a little. a teensy bit. and i do try and show her. and she's good, don't get me wrong. then: bio, no fun.followed by: humanities with a sub: no fun either.went home.
mood:  contemplative

 



 














 



 

2006.11.04  19.04
a brief thought provoked by an episode of friends
is it me, or is a turtle just a lizard who's gotten it's lizardy hands on two ashtrays?
mood:  bouncy

 



 














 



 

2006.10.11  21.52

watching the tyra banks show-what the fuck? is megan blaming tracy bayne for her ousting? me gusta tracy bayne, and me gusta megan (cause she's a ho from the 'sco) but me gusta tracy bayne more, sorry megan, you loose points, still love ya

 



 














 



 

2006.09.23  22.53

in flipping through my lil' mp3 player (story is, my sister found it on the street, and she got a better one, so i pretty much commandeered it), i happened to slide by harajuku girls by gwen stefani (pretty good song the way of beat, but i can do without some other parts...), and it seemed to make me recall the day i've had. today, i went to my k-8 grade school festival. the festival is, in few words, kind of trashy. it's overrun with liquor (example: liquor booth and the not one, not two, but i believe three places to get a icy cold beer on tap), the elderly, and the prepubesent. i've been going to this thing ever since i was three, no sense now in breaking tradition. aside from the force of annual habit, i return to see the megalomaniacs i happen to have left behind in my quest for public, godless highschool (donde esta dios? no se). there are some i'd rather forget, although, a handful who i'm a tad sad that i had let slip away. back to the harajuku girls connections: 1) the lyric: wild hair color and cell phones              your accessories are dead onteens are vain, vain people. and, in their quest for the approval of themselves and others, they happen to like changing things, and, even subconsciously, thoroughly enjoy showing off how they're better to other ho's and/or schmos who they tend to encounter. almost half of all the people who i went to school with, my innocent, wholesome classmates, have new hair colors, and tend to whip out whatever it is that they believe will let them stand on a pedestal. their accessories are dead on, as it shows who, in fact, is the most insecure about themselves, as, in their acts happen to need props to draw the eye away. 2) in the last year, this school has gotten a new principal, and along with it, fired a handful of loyal teachers, lost another and just all around mixed things up. (that said, a friend and myself went and found a teacher that we had had and asked them to show us the new principal, and she looked absolutely shocked, probably because we seemed genuinely interested, but once that subsided, her face seemed awash with condescension, as if to say "oh, that bitch.") there was a general unrest at this school now that things were so shaken. the idea of a fun little festival with booths and attractions was reminded me of the idea of harajuku fashion. harajuku fashion, for those who don't know, is highly animated (reminescint of anime comics) style of dressing and makeup that is more a show for the onlookers, which is all the more fun for the wearer who, more or less, is just there to be watched. that being said, simply fashion, is just another form of costuming. not much more than kids on halloween, albeit more expensive, fashion is an expression of who we are, how we see ourselves, and who we plan to be. to have this festival when the school is near shambles is just a cheap illusion, like the back of cheryl hines' emmy gown, if i were to dust off that old chestnut. that all being said, i did enjoy seeing these people again. i plan to see more tomorrow. that'll be fun. maybe.
mood:  bouncy

 



 














 



 

2006.09.21  21.53
and the truth will come to light!
the truth is like a raincloud. it's big, and all engulfing, and as we take the time to watch it hang above us, it doesn't matter how that truth will affect you, but either way, when the rain begins to fall, we have no choice but to let relief wash over us. cleasing us and offering us nothing more than that which it has held for oh, so long. the truth binds us. the truth is more powerful than we can contain, and that is, sweetly or sourly, the truth.
mood:  frustrated

 



 














 



 

2006.08.21  22.37
tick tock tick tock
like usual, i've got an unholy amount of time on my hands. not that i'm doing anything useful with it. i'm watching an episode of futurama that i've seen about a thousand times, listening to a song i've listened to about a million times, and livejounaling. the fun just never stops en mi casa. in recent news-i've gotten my laptop fixed, so now i can type and catch eye cancer from the screen in a whole different room. i went up to see my grandmother, who lives in the exact center to nowhere, which is such a long and awful drive. she's already begun the 'i'm old and should begin with dying' procedure, as her jewelry and silver is being thoroughly dispatched to my aunts (the neurotic one, the one who ditched us all, and my mother).  somehow, someway, the gods of digital cable have worked their magic so now that i have a handful of higher movie channels. this would be more fun if i was more of a movie buff, but i only use it occasionally. it's not very fun because, most of the time it's royally infuriating because it's never consistent. damn you diane keaton, leading me on like that. along with that, i have the gameshow network. can you say 'charles nelson riley'? don't. school begins several days from now. last year, began late because they switched to a new building on a different side of town, which cause mass hysteria and a bitchfit like you wouldn't believe. i didn't personally know the old building, so i was not outraged. now, instead of trying to adapt and balance the positive and the negative, they've gone a tad too far. we got out late (3:35), and we knew it. however, we also knew that two days a week we'd get out kind of early, so it was a balancing act we could deal with. however, they've extended all the days to 3:35. and made the days begin earlier. holy shit. i expect decapitations. lots and lots of decapitations. that's all for now.
mood:  content

 



 














 



 

2006.08.03  21.42
things i'm outraged over, lately
things i'm outraged over, lately-how addicted i am to grey's anatomy (i hope izzie comes back)-the cost of any sort of hasselblad or mamiya camera-the inefficiency of the united states postal service-the reasoning behind going to a circus camp (why would someone do that? do you plan to join the circus?)-the fact that anyone i like happens to be out of town (return to me my lovelies!)-the repeat episode of oprah's with the girl with mermaid syndrome-my own stupidity in picking classes-the pompous pricing of canon cameras (and don't go saying there are other brands)-amy smart is working on television after some terrible movie choices-the cost of a movie, even a bargain matinee'-that it took 22 years for the diane arbus movie (fur) to be made, and that it's not even accurate!-how long it takes for magazine subscriptions to begin (up to 11 weeks!)-how ghetto this girl i know has gotten (but that's old news)-my dad's insistence that i take two giants tickets-chris cuomo-chris cuomo's expose' on juvenile detention center thingies, and how i kinda have one near my house-the cost of any sort of photo equipmentthat's all for now

 



 














 



 

2006.07.10  23.29
call, raise or fold...
this particular entry is about people who refuse to deal with the cards they're dealt. people who happen to want to believe that they're not who they are. they're annoying. they're pitiful. they seem to be everywhere. first, and most infuriating, the eurocentric.the eurocentric makes my blood boil. these are people who happen to wish and hope and seemingly demand that they are not from america (closer to the point, california, the bay area, san francisco [to hell with you who call it 'frisco']). they talk often about london or paris, like they've lived there for their entire lives, and they just happen to have gone for a trip, to see me, in particular. they find people from the u.s. to not be as attractive as people from european countries. excuse me? (insert picture of camilla parker-bowles) they seem to spend their free time strolling down the champs-elysees, and, (you know who you are) after publicly expressing distaste with certain programs (world cup), make a point of telling others you've watched it, and enjoyed it. now i don't care if you did enjoy it, i couldn't give a flying fig if you loved it so much that you have to check into a rehabilitation clinic because it is not there any more, it's the fact that you offer no transition sentence. it's all i ask. there should be a "you know, i just switched over one day, and i found out that it's really entertaining." fine by me. but, it's those who just get all defensive when a person brings the point that they've earlier expressed distaste. these people have no mind of their own, and too oft use the phrases "across the pond" or use the words "bloody" or "ricky gervais." feel free to use these words have you gone across said pond, along with any other phrases. but may i add, you tend to be just a bit of an asshole (arsehole) when you do, because, they are english expressions...get it? english. you're not.what to do with them:two words: guantanamo bay. or, a less harsh solution, just offer them the words of advice, "you're an idiot. seriously, dumbass, you just seem like a dick."the second, the second track of gwen stefani's album "love.angel.music.baby."na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na[2x] if i was a rich girl (na, na....)see, i'd have all the money in the world, if i was a wealthy girlno man could test me, impress me, my cash flow would never ever endcause i'd have all the money in the world, if i was a wealthy girl(lyrics provided by letssingit.com)sadly, hon, you're not. a rich girl, that is. this is all directed at my pennyless, dumbass, midget sister, kyle, who has never had money of her own. although, she seems to have a pretty steady stream of shiney new things. how, you ask? because, much like a four-year-old, she consistantly demands new things, and throws a bitch-fit-temper-tantrum, about how she never gets anything new and so forth because she wants it...bad! these people absolutely insist that money, not only grows on trees, but that people spend their days, not working, but harvesting these trees, frolicing in the nickel-meadows and swimming in the kennedy half dollar river. nope. never. happend. however, it seems to be popular belief, money is fluid and taxes are just as ficticious as the boogeyman and tori spelling('s breast implants, is how i would have ended that, but i'm already weird about a tori spelling joke, but fighting a popular boob-lief, may be overstepping my bounds). money, is to be understood, is worked for, and, unlike the herpes-having-lazy-eyed-hooker paris hilton, you are not an heir, and, you'll have to wait until you're at least in your twenties, barring accident, for your parents to die and leave you everything.
mood:  mellow

 



 














 



 

2006.07.07  22.03

jen demands i update, so, this is what you get

 



 





[ << previous 25 ]
































