



department of earth & atmospheric sciences | unc































jump to main content









request information



give
visit
apply








menu




apply
visit
request information
give
admissions


getting started

first-year
transfer
graduate
international
extended campus



costs and aid

costs
financial aid



a closer look

visit campus
virtual tour
orientation
apply




academics



academic overview
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
departments and colleges
education abroad
catalog




schedule of classes
bookstore
research
library
career readiness




student experience



living on campus

campus recreation
entertainment
fraternities and sororities




student resources and support
safety
clubs and organizations
graduate student association




 arts

the arts at unc
arts calendar
buy tickets
galleries


athletics
alumni

unc alumni association
alumni outcomes and success
career and employer connections
commencement
giving to unc


for you

admitted undergraduate students
admitted graduate students
current students
faculty and staff
parents, friends and mentors


about



unc overview
a students first university
mission and vision
university leadership
becoming a hispanic serving institution




contact us
find people
campus map
greeley, co
news and events








directories, find people, search site


a-z index
find people
office directory
departments
acronyms
calendar




















department of earth and atmospheric sciences










department of earth and atmospheric sciences



home
undergraduate programs
environmental science emphasis 
geology emphasis
meterology emphasis 
secondary education emphasis
earth sciences minor
safety certificate


eas news
faculty & staff 
resources













unc
college of natural and health sciences
earth & atmospheric sciences










department of earth and atmospheric sciences
the earth and atmospheric sciences department at unc provides students with a unique
                           and rigorous curriculum that prepares them for professional opportunities in the earth
                           science fields. 
as an eas student, you will receive individualized attention from our faculty, who practice the teacher-scholar model whereby students are included in research.
                           we offer our students experiences both in the classroom and beyond. 
located in northern colorado we are ideally situated for field excursions and campaigns.
                           you may find our faculty and students locally at the poudre river, chasing storms in neighboring states or investigating volcanoes and weather abroad.


contact us
ross hallroom 3235
970-351-2398eas@unco.edu 


eas announcement:




 if you are a university of northern colorado faculty or student, or a representative
                                 at a northern colorado organization, we invite you to join our 2024-2025 cooler-climates program.
the cooler climate leadership institute (cooler climates) is a year-long professional development program with three cohorts: one for representatives
                              from local community organizations, one for unco students, and one for faculty. you can learn more about the project on this website.each cohort will spend a year learning about climate, how it impacts their work or
                              field of study, and how we can build local climate change resilience. there will be
                              stipends offered for participation, and opportunities for cohorts to work on projects
                              together that strengthen our local resilience.
please see more details below about the climates program, and feel free to share about
                              it in your networks!



upcoming events
eas seminar - spring 2025
view all eas events















find your passion
the earth and atmospheric sciences offers four undergraduate program emphasis areas and two  graduate programs.





dedicated faculty
earth & atmospheric science faculty are experts who teach — and research — the latest advances in their fields. 
meet our faculty





in the field
with colorado's rich natural resources and range of environments you have access to
                                    diverse learning opportunities in rocky mountain national park, the great sand dunes and more.
                                  















news and stories
our students and faculty are active on campus and in the field. check out their stories
student interns with division of water resourcesstudent jasmyn thornberg works as an intern with the colorado division of water resources measuring discharge in colorado streams for water managementseptember 28, 2022eas booth at yes!festthe earth and atmospheric sciences department ran a booth at yes!fest on september 17, 2022. this is a community-wide stem event mainly targeted toward elementary age students and their families.september 18, 2022student gets job with wspshannon wiley recently graduated with a bachelor’s in earth science environmental emphasis. she started working with wsp in arvada, co in september of 2021 as an environmental scientist. she joined a team that consults on state construction permits (stormwater discharge and dewatering activities) and spcc (spill prevention control and countermeasures) for construction clients, as well as oil and gas clients. she advises clients all across the western united states (mostly colorado, utah, new mexico, and texas). february 23, 2022« previous123456789next »















professor of brain storming
for unc assistant professor wendi flynn, who grew up exploring the boundary waters wilderness area in minnesota and canada,
                           choosing to study natural sciences was an easy choice. she focused on meteorology
                           and had the opportunity to work on research--which shaped her own philosophy as she
                           became a professor.
she wanted to work closely with students, and greeley was well-located for studying
                           meteorology  with its proximity to the mountains, plains and several great state-of-the-art
                           facilities. that made unc a perfect choice and she enjoys bringing research and hands-on
                           learning to her students.
learn more about meteorology












contact us
970-351-23981100 22nd stgreeley, co 80639

contact unc

	970-351-1890
	501 20th st.
	greeley, co 80639



social media











about unc

unc overview
awards & accolades
leadership
organizational chart
strategic plan 
accreditation
student consumer information
sustainability
accessibility statement



quicklinks

bookstore
campus map
course catalog
employment
give to unc
libraries
parking
safety
ursa
open records act




page last updated: today | contact for this page: nathan tran


privacy policy
 |
affirmative action/equal employment opportunity/title ix policy & coordinator









jan 16, 2025

