













workers' compensation attorney | riverside & temecula, ca





















































dr.peter m. schaeffer 
  (pslaw)





×

home
attorney profile
practice areas
faqs
blog
testimonials
contact









get a free consultation
call (951) 275-0111











home
attorney profile
practice areas
faqs
blog
testimonials
contact










when you're injured at work you can lean on us


we protect you from your financial injuries.


safeguarding injured workers.














compensation for work injury
learn what we do +





why  choose us?
learn about us +





appreciation   for what we do
read reviews +








riverside worker’s compensation attorneywe fight for your rights in the workplace 

dr. peter m. schaeffer is a full service workers’ compensation attorney. the law offices of dr. peter m. schaeffer represents injured employees during the claims process and make sure that they’re receiving the maximum benefits that they’re entitled to under california law.
we know how difficult it can be to make sure you’re doing everything to protect your rights after a workplace injury without a workers compensation attorney. so, we make it our mission to help our clients do exactly that. our lawyers return phone calls promptly and respond to emails generally in less then 12 business hours. you will never be able to say my lawyer doesn’t return phone calls or i can never speak to my lawyer – not at this firm – you have my word on that.
if you have been hurt on the job in the state of california, you have the right to file a workers’ compensation claim. california law requires that every employer must carry workers’ compensation insurance, and employers who do not can be charged with a criminal offense.













the boss of worker's compensation




01
02
03



protech rights
we know how difficult it can be to make sure you’re doing everything to protect your rights after a workplace injury, and we make it our mission to help our clients do exactly that.


maximize benefits
we represent injured employees during the claims process and make sure that they’re receiving the maximum benefits that they’re entitled to under california law.


determined service
you will never be able to say my lawyer doesn’t return phone calls or i can never speak to my lawyer…not at this firm… you have my word on that.











your workers compensation


overview of how your case will proceed







click to play





×












watch a video about our firm






what our happy workers saying!




workmans comp
this law firm was awesome .j.j. was the lawyer who handled my case. she was up front with everything and didn’t make any promises other than she was going to fight all the way for me, and fight she did. i am so glad she was on my side and not there’s . i feel i got a great deal and that would not have happened if i had not used this firm. totally professional yet very down to earth. if the need ever arises again i will not think twice about who to call . thanks for taking my case and thank you j.j. for all you did 
- ricky,  hired attorney


best around
after not getting the treatment i needed from my work injury i decided to hire an attorney. i looked online and came across mr schaeffer and gave him a call, this was the best decision i made during this whole workers comp ordeal. right from the get go mr schaeffer and his team made sure i was receiving the best treatment available from the best doctors, and made sure that i only had to focus on getting better, leaving everything else for himself and his team to take care of.
my case has just been closed and i could not be happier with the service i was provided. i highly recommend the schaeffer team to anyone currently seeking a workers comp attorney.
- michael,  hired attorney


perfect job
me. schaeffer and company did an excellent job with my case. always there to answer all my questions. paperwork done in a timely fashion. and settled my case perfectly. i am very happy and would recommend anyone to see mr. shaeffer’s law firm before going anywhere else. thank you for everything!
- steve,  hired attorney


if you are reading this, you need dr peter schaeffer.
work injuries are a freaking nightmare. they are profoundly life changing and life affecting in the worst way possible. i thought i could keep my career with a disability and so i followed the corporate guidelines and kept working. i would have lost everything. i called dr. peter schaeffer. he was not soft and gentle but that’s not what’s needed. i needed a lawyer who will fight and win. he fought for me. i don’t mean to sound preachy but i am difficult and he made himself available and stood up for my rights as a worker’s comp claimant. call dr peter schaeffer before you get canned for sleeping on the job or taking pain killers and causing accidents that may get you prison time and lose your professional law or rn, or cpa license. meet with him before things get strange. trust me.
- andy,  hired attorney




previous



next



read our reviews +






protecting
the injured
the law offices of dr. peter m. schaeffer is a full service workers’ compensation and work injury law firm. we assist injured workers with every stage of the claims process following a workplace injury in order to help them protect their rights and maximize their benefits. if you have any questions about your case and how we can help you, call our office and schedule a free consultation. we will gladly help determine what legal options are available to you.





recent blog updates



2 mar 23
did you consider third-party liability?
continue reading >



16 feb 23
the risk of on-the-job injuries for janitors
continue reading >





join us!  we protectyour rights

 
















are you an existing client?
 yesnoother








		






 


serving california
the law offices of dr. peter m. schaeffer serves the state of california and the riverside and san bernadino counties, which includes the surrounding communities of riverside, corona, moreno valley, hemet, temecula, and palm springs. our office locations are conveniently located in the cities of riverside (main office), temecula, and palm springs








call us (951) 275-0111


nav

home
attorney profile
practice areas
faqs
blog
testimonials
contact
privacy policy



social media

facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin



office location
the law offices of
dr. peter m. schaeffer
6820 indiana ave. suite 275
riverside, ca 92506
43537 ridge park
dr. suite 100
temecula, ca 92590
phone: (951) 275-0111
toll-free: (888) 789-6614
fax: (866) 343-6256






© 2025, the law offices of dr. peter m. schaeffer , all rights reserved



















 




















