




watch where you step... — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































wolf_wolf
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














wolf_wolf







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









my myspace
recent entries
past posts
mis amigos
who am i?


            watch where you step...
        

            it could be yucky
        




october 20061234567
891011121314
15161718192021
22232425262728
293031

free wisdom"every blade of grass has an angel bending over it saying, 'grow, grow!'"-talmud  
links!jet city improvhomestarrunnerseattle soundersvolunteer scheduleebaumsworld





18 october 2006 @ 10:00 pm
(untitled)  


i'd like to do something for my birthday (oct.24th) but i have no ideas...  my actual birthday-day i'll be at school then on bainbridge, hopefully winning soccer... who wants to hang this weekend or next?   
current location: deski feel so : shockedi'm listening to : lost
 
leave a comment




 


07 september 2006 @ 10:27 pm
college  


help me decide where to go to school:princeton--not much playing time the first 2-3 years. amazing citygreat academicsdecent med programorbates college, lewiston mainefour years of over 80% playing timereally good academicallygreat med programgreatski slopes out your back doortiny little city (which i'm cool with)white water rafting guiding jobs coolest freaking clubs ever... including improv  (strange bedfellows)tiny classes/(small school... like 1,300 people)vote!   
current location: chair
 
16 comments | leave a comment




 


 



07 september 2006 @ 10:16 pm
(untitled)  


so yesterday i ran into dart... today i ran into jon and patrick....any chance of running into you tomorrow?   
current location: chairi feel so : calm
 
leave a comment




 


09 april 2006 @ 08:09 pm
eotd  


today, i flew to chicago, then boston, then drove to maine. yep, i'm in maine. my college trip has begun. welcome to 6 days and 5 nights of traveling the east coast with none other than, you guessed it, mom.  she's currently asleep in the bed next to mine. that's how i like her best... asleep.  shout out to celenus, cuz i drove through portsmouth (sp?) new hampshire today...   we were supposed to leave on saturday, but we had to postpone because my mom was having some serious atrial fibrulation (sp) that wouldn't go away, so they had to shock her with the paddles (defibrulators) until her heart beat went back to normal. if you're really interested in where i'm going the schedule is
( below the cutcollapse )
anyways...  on a totally unrelated note. my temple softball team is reforming again... and we really need some players... you don't have to be jewish even!!! so, who likes softball? actually, we are in desperate need for women!!!  attention funkycold, shutupandrow, kristinkaciyou guys would be perfect! anyways, that's all for now. talk to everyone later... dont be afraid to call too, i have my cell.-wolftags: college trip   
current location: waterville mainei feel so : tired
 
14 comments | leave a comment




 


 



19 march 2006 @ 07:38 pm
(untitled)  


life is cool. it revolves around 4 things. school, soccer, my mom and grey's anatomy. in reverse order. i fucking love this show. i'm addicted. i wish addison would choke on a baby and die, so the derek and meredith can get back together. i've purchaced/watched the season 1 dvd, and am downloading/watching them in sequential order. i'm up to s2e08 'let it be'. burke is fucking hott. dr. mcdreamy is just a smidge hotter though. shit with my mom is pretty good. she's out of town most of the time... (think every thurs-sun. and next week wed-sun) so it makes for a more relaxing living space. soccer... god damn...  the most political most back stabbical, evil thing in the world. i hope none of you have to go through the ocean of shit that is "tryouts" (i'll explain why soon)  i'm playing this year for emerald city fc, a division 1 team that i played for a few years ago. pretty much all the same girls. pretty much awesome.  even awesome-er i got invited to try out for the seattle sounders, womens team... i'm shitting my pants. if i make it, you all have to come watch me play. school. doing good. planing a college trip for the week of spring break. i'm going to go see: brandeisbatesbrown*colbyprincetonnorthwestern       *school i really want to go to.the week after that, i'm going to the deschutes river to river raft with my friends from school. so it'll be awesomealso, i've been out of touch with a lot of people. so if i haven't talked to you in at least 2 weeks, gimmie a ring. (2) 660.6490tags: life   
i feel so : busyi'm listening to : greys anatomy
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


 



02 march 2006 @ 05:44 pm
attention everyone  


south dakota has just made abortion illegal!!!!!!!!this is bad, oh so very bad...the following is parts from the washington post.the measure, which passed the state senate 23 to 12, makes it a felony for doctors to perform any abortion, except to save the life of a pregnant woman.....  even worse:abortion opponents succeeded in defeating all amendments designed to mitigate the ban, including exceptions in the case of rape or incest or the health of the woman. hunt said that such "special circumstances" would have diluted the bill and its impact on the national scene.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------dammit people are stupid. the desired goal won't even be achieved. instead, they are making abortion into a socio-economic issue. only the people who can pay to go to a different state can have an abortion. the others either won't, or will go get a coat hanger. this is, indeed, fucking not okay.   
i feel so : scared
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


 



28 february 2006 @ 07:43 pm
what's in a name?  


if you could choose any name for yourself in the entire world, what would it be?   the best answer gets a really good prize.tags: names   
i feel so : calmi'm listening to : fall out boy -- sugar we're going down
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


27 february 2006 @ 07:12 pm
lacrosse  


hah!lacrosse season started again. i forgot how much fun it was, and i forgot how good i am, way better than soccer!  i know we're going to win the state championship, i just know. it feels really good to be doing another team sport. i just don't know how i'm going to handle this and soccer, and school. good thing my mom took away all other distractions... :( and i'll post the schedule somewhere so all you folk can come watch me play! you know you want to!love, wolf!tags: lacrosse   
i feel so : geeky
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


 



27 february 2006 @ 07:10 pm
wanted: running buddy  


i run on saturdays or sundays, usually the burke gilman (will travel!). 8-10 minute miles. 2-6 mile runs maybe...just starting out, not super high intensity... just fun.anyone interested in keeping me company??!tags: running   
i feel so : hopeful
 
leave a comment




 


10 february 2006 @ 09:29 am
(untitled)  


i want to be at home, on the sofa. preferably eating pancakes, and watching family guy. 
so, what are your view on valentines day? legit holiday? or just something else for mc hallmark and mc american greetings to rap battle about...also, any really bad relationship stories? like "he broke up with me on a post-it note" bad first dates? anything really. no holds barred.tags: sick, valentines day   
i feel so : crappyi'm listening to : we be buring- sean paul
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























