







association of belltel retirees, inc. -












































home
about us

member comments

donate

planned giving






join us

change of address


news

current newsletter
youtube channel
in the news
of interest
bulletins
newsletter archives
idearc/supermedia news
labor bargaining updates


our activities

annual member meetings
proxy proposals
partner with retirees for justice
retirement usa


legal actions

murphy v. verizon
idearc fraud litigation
supermedia v. bell
lee / pundt v. verizon


learn more

blog
email blasts


contact us

request a speaker
share your story


association of belltel retirees, inc.

welcome!the association of belltel retirees is dedicated to promoting the protection and enhancement of the pensions and benefits for all retirees and the current and future beneficiaries of the companies derived and evolving from the original bell system.
many retirees have been set adrift by their former employers.  in response, union and management members of the association of belltel retirees, representing hundreds of thousands from the old bell system, have banded together to fight corporate and executive arrogance and lack of respect for the retiree and active employee body.
we know there is strength in numbers and that we are stronger together. we aggressively pursue protection for pensions and group annuities through congressional action and passage of legislation. our tool bag includes: negotiation, shareowner proxy proposals, legislation, and if necessary, litigation. we utilized all these tools to win three shareowner proxies, obtain eleven changes to corporate governance and to take two cases to the steps of the supreme court.
join us and let’s fight together against the incessant greed that threatens your earned benefits!
click here to get regular email updates of interest to bell system retirees. also we will notify you of late breaking news about social security, medicare and other actions on the political scene. 
we protect your email address.
we never sell or provide it to anyone outside our organization.
we do not want to overload your inbox and will only send messages with important current news or events we feel are of interest to our members.

retirees speak out!
check out our youtube channel to see retirees’ stories in their own voice.




latest belltel retirees news


association condemns at&t’s move to end landline service



belltel’s winter 2024 newsletter is live!



giving season: help us hit our goal



how to leave a lasting legacy



belltel’s fall 2024 newsletter



attend member gathering: yonkers, ny




guidestar seal of transparency

click here to donate now


what’s hot!
association condemns at&t’s move to end landline servicebelltel’s winter 2024 newsletter is live!giving season: help us hit our goalhow to leave a lasting legacymore posts from what's hot
take action now!
act now to save your retiree subsidized healthcare!
leave a lasting legacy with belltel

need a speaker?
request a speaker from the association for your next social, fraternal, or community meeting.
find out more!

follow us on…
facebooklinkedintwitteryoutube
contact us
association of belltel retirees inc.
p.o. box 33
cold spring harbor, ny 11724
800-261-9222
631-367-3067
contact us

newsletters

winter 2024
fall 2024
summer 2024
spring 2024
winter 2023
fall 2023
summer 2023
spring 2023


follow us on social media
facebooklinkedintwitteryoutube
listen to our podcast: the bell effect


apple podcastsspotify


our membership make-up



union
51%


management

49%




subscribe to our youtube channel!


© 2025 association of belltel retirees inc.    631-367-3067 · sitemap · log in












