  


digby systems inc. web page design  (http://www.digbysystems.com)
















[ home ] [ privacy ] [ contents ] [ f.a.q.s ] [ weather ] [ shopping mall ] [ first aid/cpr ]










































web sites for the individual and business
 minipages, internet web presence
k.i.s.
(keep it simple)

don't get fooled.
many people will try to convince you that a
web site must have spinning balls, flashing lights, bells and whistles. sure,
they look pretty - sometimes - but do they do anything besides slow down
loading?   
think about it - 


 how many times have you clicked out of a site
before it finished loading all it's graphics simply because it was taking too
long? 
you may use a powerful computer and a fast
internet connection capable of viewing large and complex graphic, sound and
video files - how many of your visitors do? 
    
you have the latest do-everything browser - do
your clients?

these are questions you must ask yourself
before building a site. the latest trend in web design is towards simplicity -
businesses and individuals are realizing that it is not the number in the
"visitor" counter shows that matters, it is how many of the visitors
actually stay at the site. to lure and keep visitors, your site must load
quickly, have a useful and interesting content, be easy to navigate (move around
in) and be not be too cluttered with useless graphics.
when you choose to become a part of the world
wide web, you want to stand out from the crowd and be recognized for who you are
and what you do. not for the most complex and slowest loading site around.
you want to be presented as the unique person
you are.
you want your business to be presented the way
you built it - with pride and personality.
your web page is your interface to the world -
wouldn't it be nice if visitors stopped by long enough see your world?
we can place you on the internet with an
affordable, custom-designed site, tailored to meet your specific needs. if you’re
not sure if you need a web site contact us and we will be happy to provide a
free consultation to help you decide.  
let us present you to the
world.
we will design and build a quick loading page
with graphics and images that enhance the content, not detract from it.
look around our site - check out the f.a.q.s, samples, and links. then contact
us to learn what we can do for you.
(if you want bells and whistles, we can do
that, too.)
 
    

your goal:



to have a www presence
      which presents you as the unique individual you are. to capture your
      thoughts and ideas and display them to the world on your web page.
      


provide your business
      customers, whether they are around the world or around the corner, with 24
      hour-a-day access to your product lines, services, business hours and
      location with your web site. 
      


get access to your
      customers' homes with a full-color circular of specials, sales and
      important information about your business 24/7.
      


obtain a low cost-design
      and maintenance service for your site.
      


obtain site maintenance and
      update service in a timely and cost-effective manner.


our goal:



to help you achieve yours.















[ home ] [ why a page? ] [ services ] [ products ] [ costs ] [ links ] [ samples ]



















this site designed, created and hosted by
digby
systems, inc.
learn how we can design and host your page



 visit the mall

 contact us












©2000-2010
all original materials copyright by digby systems, inc.


id:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






