















marketingprivacy














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






marketingprivacy



a professional blog about marketing and privacy issues in the online and offline worlds.  started as a resource for the arkansas bar association 2009 fall legal institute cle presentations on privacy












monday, june 22, 2009










50 best blogs for privacy nuts  from the ejustice blog





posted by



don lloyd cook




at

10:26 pm



no comments:
  





























thursday, june 18, 2009










opening statements of  boucher and stearns. stearns spending some time on the consumer choice through robust notice.  also discussing profiling and services vs. the information collected.  brings up the very interesting issue of what agency should be the chief regulator of privacy.  ftc, fcc or some new entity.zack space opening statement.  best quote "one bad apples could spoil the bunch."joe barton spends time talking about the charity r vs. d baseball game last night.  barton is the co-chair of the house privacy caucus.  interesting comments about deleting the cookis on his home and office computers and how he does not like being tracked or followed on the net.  right to know what information is being collected and right to know what is being done with it.  talks about technological solutions to privacy problems.  refers to yahoo!, google as edge companies in the wild west online and that it is time to bring a little law and order to the environment.matsui brief opening statement.  upton's opening statement echo's barton.  informtaion belongs to the consumer.  whitfield's opening statement very brief.  pitts argues that blance should be struck between privacy protection and needs of commerce.  blackburn notes the growth of behavioral advertising and the need of the subcommittee to look at this issue to protect the privcacy of consumers.  details three important issues for the committee.1.)  what are we regulating?2.)  what agency is most appropriate to oversee this area?3.)  who would the committee not regulate?scalise:  regulation bad, companies good.  self-regulation is the way to go.





posted by



don lloyd cook




at

7:25 am



no comments:
  






























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






rules of the house

no proprietary information or company names.analysis and comments only.any privacy or marketing news is welcome.politics is confined to analysis.



blog archive




blog archive
june (2)






links


aicpa webtrust
annie anton
bad phorm
bbb online
bits blog (nyt/saul hansell)
breachcenter.com
canadian privacy commissioner dpi site
canadian privacy law blog
cdt's policy beta
chapell blog
center for information policy leadership (hunton & williams)
consumer law & policy blog (public citizen)
digital destiny (cdd)
eff deeplinks blog
electronic frontier foundation
epic online guide to privacy resources
fcc
ferpa (dept. of education)
freedom to tinker
ftc
future of privacy forum
hipaa blog
international association of privacy professionals (iapp)
internet advertising bureau
jurist
"little ecpa" laws (ncsl)
microsoft channel 9
national advertising initiative (nai)
ncsl
no dpi
office for civil rights - hipaa
p2p foundation
pogo was right
politics of privacy
ponemon institute
privacy and security law blog (davis wright & tremaine)
privacy digest
privacy journal
privacy law library (worldlii)
privacy laws and business
privacy maven
privacy rights clearinghouse
privacy rights clearinghouse chronology of data breaches
rfid privacy center at mit
schneier on security
sidley austin cyberlaw
spam notes
the consumerist
the privacy blog
trust security and privacy
truste
you are where you live (claritas)






 







