













home - hometown nannies










































































  



 











facebook




twitter




linkedin




instagram


203-227-3924
info@hometownnannies.com
jobs@hometownnannies.com
the chef’s beret™
nanny starship
the nanny counselor blog
  
 
 










home
our mission
about us
services & faqs

baby nurse registry
nannies4grannies
personal assistants


testimonials
families

information for families
family/client application
interview questions
family / employee agreement
tax information
resources for domestic employers


applicants

information for applicants
job application
sample resumes
resources for domestic employers


job board
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 














hometown nannies

®

plus

“thank you again for all of your help, hard work and due diligence. you are in a class by yourself.”
– fairfield, ct family

hire staff

find a job

hybrid







boutique household staffing since 1988
while each family has unique needs, all have the highest standards regarding their children and homes.
for more than 35 years, hometown nannies+ has endeavored to get it right the first time. our unique process and decades of recruiting and staffing expertise has resulted in thousands of successful, long-term domestic placements. our testimonials reflect those efforts.
 world-class local and global hybrid household staffing™ has been our business for more than three decades. we are domestic matchmaking experts.
our screening process exceeds industry standards to ensure a seamless and stress-free experience, providing you with candidates at the top of their respective fields.
our personalized, boutique service offers flexible availability, including evenings and weekends. we work with you, on your time. that’s one more reason over 50% of our families come to us via personal referrals.
we are local, national, global – and interstellar (ok, just kidding!). we are here for you.
welcome home.

















hire staff



find a job







boutique household staffing since 1988
while each family has unique needs, all have the highest standards regarding their children and homes.
for more than 32 years, hometown nannies plus has endeavored to get it right the first time. our unique process, and over 32 years of recruiting and staffing expertise, has resulted in thousands of successful, long-term domestic placements. our testimonials reflect those efforts.
world-class, worldwide home & estate management has been our business for more than three decades.
we are fortunate to represent stellar nannies and domestics and more and have been special needs experts since our inception.
our screening process exceeds industry standards to ensure a seamless and stress-free experience, providing you with candidates who are at the top of their respective fields.
our personalized, boutique service offers flexible availability, including evenings and weekends. we work with you, on your time. that’s one more reason over 50% of our families come to us via personal referrals.
we are local, national, global – and interstellar (ok, just kidding!). we are here for you.
welcome home.











testimonials



l.c.- westport, ct


still to this day i am forever grateful to you for finding us 'p', who is still with us!can you believe it? it was a match made in heaven, thanks to you. i can't thank you enough for finding us p.! we have nothing but wonderful things to say about her.



v.d.- rowayton, ct


i am so happy we decided to work with hometown nannies to meet our childcare needs. the nanny you found for us is so much more than we had ever expected or hoped for. your service is wonderful.



j.s. – fairfield, ct


thank you for setting up the interviews yesterday. both candidates were incredibly warm and kind. you certainly know to pick the right people to watch our precious children!
i will be working with you again.
thank you again for your help and for taking the time. i can see why you have such amazing reviews.
good luck with your other placements and writing.



j.k. – fairfield, ct


i can't begin to explain how grateful we are that you helped us find maria. she has been a wonderful addition to our family - so caring, thoughtful, and positive. our baby absolutely adores her and we can't imagine life without her. thanks again for connecting us.



a.a. – nanny, norwalk, ct


i was looking for a part-time job, and hometown nannies were highly recommended by a family member. i am so happy with them! they are professional, encouraging and caring. i have found the best family to work with.



j.w. – westport, ct


my family moved from new york and left behind a nanny we had for 5 years. we never thought we'd find another nanny we liked as much. hometown nannies listened to our needs and came through. very professional and easy to work with.



y.d. – nanny, fairfield, ct


i found a great job with an amazing family through hometown nannies. jayne is super nice. she really cares about the nannies. anyone who comes to this agency can find a great job.(@7 years on her job!)



m.s. – norwalk, ct


hometown nannies did a great job. as a mother of four it was nice to find an agency in the community that looked out for us and was able to find us a nanny who is now a family member.



m.z. – wilton, ct


for me, it was not easy to find help that would support the needs of my daughter. when i explained my circumstances to jayne it was a no brainer! jayne figures it out and makes it happen. she is a dynamo and a total powerhouse! hometown nannies is truly in a class by themselves.



c.h. – norwalk, ct


you have been wonderful to work with and i see why you come so highly recommended. i really felt you understood what we needed and appreciate all the hard work you have put into our search. i look forward to working with you again in the future.



s.r. – nanny, ansonia, ct


jayne placed me on a job that i was on for almost four years. jayne is wonderful. she is kind and really cares for the nannies. she is very easy to work with. i am so happy i registered with hometown nannies.



c.g. – live-in nanny, highland mills, ny


i really recommend hometown nannies agency is a good, fast and trustful work agency that helps you find a job on your needs and the families needs. i found a job in a month, thank you jayne i'm so happy i heard about you.



p.p. – greenwich, ct


jayne immediately understood our unique needs and quickly identified a few excellent options.  it was a difficult choice but the person who became our child's nanny is extraordinary.  and she was the one jayne said from the beginning was the right fit.  jayne clearly knows what she's doing, and we are very grateful for that.



j.c. – household manager, danbury, ct


jayne placed me with a family whom i stayed with for 11 years. to me it is more than just a job, i am with a family. jayne is able to make great matches. i have been so happy with htn. it has been a great experience.



a.g. – norwalk, ct


my experience with hometownnannies has been nothing but amazing. jayne and lisa kept me informed by emails and phone calls about the jobs and they are really professional throughout the whole process. i am thrilled with my new position. i recommend them to any nanny or family. thank you very much!



k. – norwalk, ct


i must say it has been a pleasure working with hometown nannies. you placed me with a great family that has now become my own family. thank you so much.



  











named w magazine "best usa agency," 1998 little book of bests
♦  ♦  ♦
named best of the gold coast magazine "best nanny agency," westport/weston, 2014-2017
 
serving the tri-state area locally; new england, including nantucket and martha’s vineyard, regionally; new york to l.a. nationally; and europe, asia, australia and the middle east internationally.











named w magazine “best usa agency,” 1998 little book of bests
♦  ♦  ♦
named best of the gold coast magazine “best nanny agency,” westport/weston, 2014-2017
 
 local
 *
 national
 *
 global



office address
250 post road east suite 104a westport, ct 06880 203-227-3924 info@hometownnannies.com jobs@hometownnannies.com





250 post road east, westport, ct 06880







member




“there’s no place like home…”
— frank l. baum
the wizard of oz



 

 
 
 




welcome home | ©2021 hometown nannies plus 
  

 
 
 


















