





























challenge casino - casino rewards member casino











english



english
deutsch
español
suomi
français
slovenčina








toggle navigation










loyalty program
member casinos
casino games
jackpots

winners

millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories


millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories
vip
faq









welcome bonus of
up to $1000
at challenge casino






click hereto play

challenge casino - a member of casino rewards
challenge casino provides you with a modern theme and slick design. if you love to play the latest casino games, look no further than the growing selection of microgaming-powered games we offer here - all ready for you to play in the comfort of your living room! blackjack, roulette, slots, video poker and many more of the best in online casino gaming.
get a welcome bonus of up to $1000 at challenge casino
yes, you read it correctly - challenge casino is offering all new players up to $1000 in welcome bonus! one thousand!! this has got to be one of the most generous signup offers at any online casino. it’s easy to get started, simply create your account and make your first deposits. the match bonus will be automatically added to your account. the match bonuses are applied on your first 3 deposits. this is how it works:


first deposit - 25% match bonus (up to $800)
second deposit - 50% match bonus (up to $150)
third deposit - 100% match bonus (up to $50)


that’s a total of up to $1000 bonus on your first 3 deposits, enough to try our different games, including the progressive slots where you will find jackpots into the six, and even seven figure range!
experience vip treatment at challenge casino
if the welcome bonus wasn’t enough for you, you’ll be automatically enrolled in the popular casino rewards loyalty program as soon as you sign up, which delivers extra bonuses and promotions as you play. our friendly support team is there for you 24/7, so if a problem arises, help is never too far away! to gamble online, you can be certain challenge casino is the right choice for you.

casino play at challenge casino is available only to persons older than 19 years of age, or the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction, whichever is the greater. minors may not play at this online casino under any circumstances. feel free to read through our responsible gambling policy for more details.
fair play need never be a concern for our players, as challenge casino is independently reviewed with the results published on this website. you can review our fair play policy at any time. percentage payouts are reviewed by independent auditors.
to read full terms and conditions for challenge casino click here.




click hereto play







need help logging in?

email: support@crhelpdesk.com

have a casino related question?
click here to read our faq.











contact us
privacy policy
responsible gambling
affiliates click here
marketing deals








19





gmt: 17:07:18 tue, 18-feb-2025





affiliate id: typein_cr:en_casinos_challenge-casino:














