

blair of maine - aviation, motorcycling, genealogy, scottish heritage, internet consulting














						 

						blair of maine  
- presented by shawn blair
 
						 don't forget our troops that are still in harm's way.
						please take a moment in prayer for all our american troops around the world . . . . 














  motorcycling

						  aviation

						  genealogy
						 




this is a jumping off point to lots of other pages of interest . . . .
									 






 ... life with a bmw ... 
the beemahs ! 
in the hangar
aircraft ownership, aviation,
									and being a pilot
the aviation "hobby" . . .



									be sure to visit my blairs of the world pages at
http://blairsoftheworld.com/
my genealogical pages for everything blair and
									my maine and new england roots . . .

















this site is my personal interests site. i have links to other web sites that i either maintain, or are of some particular interest to me. the aviation portion of this site i refer to as the hangar. aviation enthusiasts are often found hanging out around an open hangar door, talking about plane types, and flying stories. flying is a true passion of mine that i began many, many years ago. several years ago i managed to accomplish the enviable dream of buying my own airplane. see some of the trials and tribulations of aircraft ownership.

						another portion of this site is about motorcycling. in particular, i am a bmw motorcycle enthusiast, owning three since i began riding again after 17 years away. my passions surround long distance riding, on-off road riding, and just plain recreational riding on my bmw motorcycles. long distance riding is a particular interest that i display in the motorcycling section of this site.

						a third interest that i have linked from this site is genealogy. long ago i built my first genealogy page and that exists on blairs of the world. that site still exists elsewhere because there are hundreds of links from other genealogy sites to my page. so, i just point you to that site from here.

						enjoy your browsing of my site. there are many other sites to find interesting information that are linked from this site. check them all out. 










check out some closely related links . . . . . . . 
			 
			follow these links:

the finishing stitch
the needle arts blog
fiber friends - cute crocheted animals and scarves...



			 

			spike's businesses:
paul lemberg -- business building expert










elm city computing -- computer services in connecticut
			 
			o'brien architecture -- global architectural services



 other "hobby" pages:
eaa chapter 1210 -- aviation enthusiasts at biddeford, maine
pioneer families association -- early portland, maine settlers
bmw riders of southern maine -- bmw motorcycle enthusiasts in maine -- all new site
the clan blair society page -- scottish heritage, clan events and information
spike -- my men's team page






keep visiting the blairme.net pages....
send messages to the .
© blairme.net, all rights reserved




  

