




hollis ranch

































≡

⇑
home
sales
transport
equine services

horsemanship sessions
training
boarding


testimonials
♫










        your browser does not support the audio tag.
      







603-465-2672













horses






 








horses





 
 


72000219_mslicedv2feathered
39704278_lslicedfeatheredv2
96153404_lslicefeathered
























a premiere equine facility located in southern new hampshire
boarding
training
horses for sale
transportation
horsemanship
...and much more









your perfect horse
a horse is not just a horse, of course. we can help match you with a horse who will be your best friend, your companion and your teacher






our mission...
a premiere equine facility located in southern new hampshire specializing in the sale of quality horses for pleasure, show and trail. our professional training and horsemanship programs including western, english & driving disciplines are customized to meet the needs of both horse & rider. hollis ranch also provides quality first class equine transportation both locally & nationwide. premium boarding programs are available and educational workshops are scheduled throughout the year.







our modern, secure stables







horses enjoying the outdoor life in our large pastures







we can transport your horse to your next western competition







your horse will feel like a rockstar in our secure and comfortable transport vehicles






equine transportation providers...
our custom designed walk-in/walkout warmblood sized transport vehicles are of the highest quality and available for your custom transportation requirements for both local and long distance. dressing rooms/tack rooms are included.







sales: we can help you find the perfect 'first pony' for your child







boarding: during training or workshops







individual lessons: custom tailored to your needs







trail rides: for customers and other experienced riders







freedom

a man that don't love a horse, there is something the matter with him. - will rogers






love


all horses, at least once in their lives deserve to be loved by a little child - anon






partnership

riding a horse is not a gentle hobby, to be picked up and laid down like a game of solitaire. it is a grand passion - ralph waldo emerson







the horse
his neigh is like the bidding of a monarch, and his countenance enforces homage. he is indeed a horse - william shakespeare
















find us on facebook








hollis, nh 03049

603-465-2672
sales@hollisranch.com






© 2019 hollis ranch, llc
          all rights reserved
phipps consultancy ltd.






