


web development toronto, web design in toronto










































 
 
 
 
 
 











 







our products
e-commerce
corporate
seo
other services 
corporate id & graphic design
web design & development
web marketing
hosting
website maintenance 
marketplace
contacts 



























 
 
 













 


portfolio










cheesy place
new modern responsive design for premier online cheese shop in canada.... 








avm contracting
http://www.avmcontracting.ca/ is as attractive and comfortable website for homes... 








environment division
http://www.environmentdivision.info/ is the website for environment division of the... 








zanduco
zanduco site has been designed as an easy-to-order, business to business, on-line... 








vitalias interiors
the inspired design for vitalia's interiors renovators group in canada. 








jag & company
jag and company offers gentlemen custom made suits and shirts through the fine art... 








toronto's acne & rosacea centre 
medical website for toronto acne & rosacea centre, a medical and cosmetic acne and... 








boozu
high-tech website for boozu technologies, company providing land based (gis) and project... 








pompara
charming wedding site for pompara, company specializing in distinctive and intimate event... 








cheesy place
new modern responsive design for premier online cheese shop in canada.... 








zanduco
zanduco site has been designed as an easy-to-order, business to business, on-line... 








jag & company
jag and company offers gentlemen custom made suits and shirts through the fine art... 








cdd
warm look for cabinet door depot – the best source of high quality kitchen... 








dealticker
dynamic design and great functionality for dealticker, the provider of best deals for... 








sk8 clothing
featured design for sk8 clothing, being an exclusive canadian online retailer of... 








w-studio
online catalogue for w studio, an award-win- ning carpet design house with over 25 years... 








bottled & boxed
gorgeous design for leading online store of fine wines and champagnes in united... 








umano
sophisticated, clean and very inviting design for umano aesthetic school and spa. 








avm contracting
http://www.avmcontracting.ca/ is as attractive and comfortable website for homes... 








environment division
http://www.environmentdivision.info/ is the website for environment division of the... 








vitalias interiors
the inspired design for vitalia's interiors renovators group in canada. 








french braid
gorgeous design for french braid, a network of express studio weaving french braids in... 








repromed
fully functional website for repromed, the toronto institute for reproductive... 








leveret
business style website for leveret inc., a boutique accounting/bookkeeping company in... 








generex
neat website for generex biotechnology corporation, which is engaged in the research,... 








bles
nice and clean website for bles biochemicals inc., the market leader for pulmonary... 








avanti
professionally designed and nice looking website for avanti naturopathic clinic. 








inthebag
a stable high load online grocery marketplace with custom functionality. 








knowyourpros
marketplace brings professionals and service providers together where they can... 








svitstyle
svitstyle is an online marketplace for women's clothing, shoes, and accessories of... 


















 









 



we are intelex! a full service web design company with over 14 years of experience, operating out of toronto, canada.
our goal is to grow your business. we provide all of the high quality services and solutions that you need to get your business online or take it to the next level.





we have successfully developed more than 500 projects, giving us the experience you need to get where you need to go.
to us, every business is unique, and each demands exclusive and unique design. we are a team of well-practiced, efficient professionals.
our practiced strategies for surfacing the requirements of your business and the needs of your customers allow us to create stunning and effective sites and marketing campaigns.


we offer services in site, graphic and logo design, website and e-commerce development, branding and marketing, site hosting and security, and more.
our experts will help you bring your creative ideas to life, developing the best sites and strategies to meet your business needs.
we can help you define your unique corporate identity, develop custom online marketing strategies, drive traffic to your website, and promote your business online.


we are a global provider of design services, and we strive to build long lasting relationships with all of our clients. when you use intelex, you get a team of experienced web developers, designers and marketers with expertise in a wide range of industry verticals, including manufacturing, medicine, educations, and banking services.
we have the knowledge necessary to acquire a deep understanding and connection with your business. if you want to get the next level you need to back your business with the best in the biz - intelex.


 
 











 
 




support
infohosting requirementshosting uassl certificateprintingterms of servicestermswhat we supportrefund policyprivacy and securityweb development standards website maintenance  aboutnewsblogtestimonials  




© 2025 copyright intelex.ca









