





the now group




















































  












 skip to main contentthe now groupabout
work
meet us
in the news
say hello












creating good
 











we create winning campaigns for good causes
we'll help you shape the conversation around the issues that matter to you most. from strategy and branding to breakthrough ads and leadership training, our team is ready for any challenge.

























 
bc teachers’ federation (bctf)








 
canada's ndp








 
canadian cancer society








 
government of british columbia








 
pauktuutit inuit women of canada








 
cupe 503








 
elementary teachers’ federation of ontario (etfo)
















our services






strategy
communications strategy and campaign planning.



messaging
framing the conversation and defining what’s at stake.



advertising
integrated ad campaigns for tv, online, radio, print and out-of-home.



media
strategy and planning that delivers the best buy for the best value.





design
branding, visual identity and creative design.



social
social advertising and digital engagement campaigns.



coaching
communications coaching, training and workshops for leaders and staff.



multilingual
custom creative for non-english-speaking audiences.



main content 




let’s do some good together


say hello





vancouver / edmonton / winnipeg / toronto / ottawa 
1.877.682.5441
team@nowgroup.com






















email enrollment | new







stay connected
        *

























					if you are human, leave this field blank.				




sign up













employees of the now group live and work across canada, on both treaty and unceded indigenous lands. we acknowledge and respect the original peoples of this land and the treaties that were made on these territories. we acknowledge the harms and mistakes of the past and dedicate ourselves to moving forward in the spirit of collaboration and reconciliation.

proud members of ufcw 1518 since 2004.

© 2025 the now group




























