



sananda mystery school home page





sananda
mystery school



revealing
the
cosmic mysteries of creation

through practical
and mystical experience.


greetings, beloveds,
this is sananda. welcome to the
sananda mystery school. the purpose of this program is to initiate you
into the great brotherhoods and sisterhoods of light so that you may
increase your capacity to serve
this beloved planet as she transitions into a world of great beauty and
light.

  

you are powerful and creative beyond your
wildest imagination. let
me show you how to access your limitless perfection.
there are many levels of participation:


level
1: subscribing to the sms online newsletter
level 2: subscribing to the
online messages from sananda
level 3: participating in
online courses and initiations
level 4: attending periodic
live workshops and seminars
level 5: becoming a part-time
apprentice
level 6: becoming a full-time
apprentice
rev.
sal rachele and melissa hogan, r.n., are my channels for this program.
they will be bringing forth exciting new technologies and timeless
wisdom
to help you awaken to the magnificent beings that you are.

a
description of each level of participation will be forthcoming.
 
   
 

biographies
of channels:
 rev. sal rachele is a pioneer in the human
potential field. he graduated from silva mind control in 1976 and was
the founder and director of alpha-theta seminars in the late 1970s. he
studied rebirthing (conscious breathing), meditation, the
healing arts and sacred theatre during the 80's and 90's. he began
creating original piano music in the early 80's. his latest cd is
"angel dance." he is the author of
"life on the cutting edge," a self-help manual that explores the human
condition in depth. he co-founded the music group "mystic waters." sal
is
a minister in three different churches and a priest in the order of
melchizedek.
he resides in northern arizona where he has a private counseling,
reading
and healing practice. for more information on sal, see www.salrachele.com.

melissa hogan, r.n., l.m.t., is a veteran nurse of 34 years and massage
therapist. she is currently a student of the healing touch modality.
she created a prenatal massage program for a tucson hospital, and has
been in her own private  massage therapy  practice since
1993. she brings many years of experience and compassion from having
dealt with  critically ill patients and their families. she has
been a student of the metaphysical realms and meditation practices for
the past 10 years. she is a conscious channel for sananda and a
co-creator with sal of the sacred sound current initiations.

this
site is under construction. for more information, go to 
sal rachele's website 
stay tuned for information on how to enroll. programs beginning in
early 2006. contact sal@sanandamysteryschool.com
to be placed on the waiting list.


   



  
 copyright 2005 sal rachele -
© - all rights reserved. p.o. box 815, snowflake, az 85937 usa
email sal: sal@sanandamysteryschool.com sal's
website: www.salrachele.com  
  



    




