













limousine rentals & high-end event transportation - mchenry limousine



















          815-344-4466        



homeservicesairport transportationbachelor/bachelorette partiesweddingsbirthday partiespromsquinceañerasspecial eventscorporate accountsour fleetfaqscontactreserve now 



      menu
    









premier limo & car service - greater chicagoland & southern wi
looking for best limo rental or luxury car transportation near me? mchenry limousine provides high-end transportation services in northern il and southern wi. from bachelorette parties and weddings to business transportation and airport shuttles, mchenry limousine has the white glove service to make your transportation needs safe and enjoyable.









            call us
          



            reserve now
          


            leave review
          








elevate every event with mchenry limousine 
since 1994, we have been the areas #1 choice for limo rentals and high-end transportation. rely on us to get you where you need to go - in style - with great rates, fantastic service & fast response. give us a call today at 815-344-4466 to reserve your ride.








airport transportation
travel hassle-free to any airport in northern illinois and southern wisconsin, including ord, mdw, rfd, mke & more.
learn more









bachelor/bachelorette parties
no bachelor or bachelorette party is complete without a limo full of friends! we have the right size limo to fit your needs.
learn more









weddings
on the most important day of your lives, we'll get you there, from rehearsal to ceremony to reception, and everywhere in between.
learn more









birthdays
celbrate your birthday in style, from sweet 16, your 21st, 50th, or even your 100th! you're never too old to ride with us.
learn more









proms
let us get you to the prom in style for a night you'll never forget. rent a luxury car for you and your date or a limo for the whole friend group!
learn more









quinceañeras
your daughter only turns 15 once. so let us transport her to the big celebration in a way she'll cheris forever!
learn more


 






your choice for luxury transportation









there are several reasons to choose mchenry limousine as your trusted high-end transportation provider. here are just a few:

4+ star rating on google
locally-owned & operated
in business since 1994
shop with a cop & make-a-wish partners

we are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for all your transportation needs. give us a call today at 815-344-4466 or click here to schedule a ride!









mchenry limousine reviews




mchenry limo came through for me when i was stranded. my flight was cancelled, and i had no way home. wayne got me a ride by asking someone who had a private booking to do a ride share. that was the high point of a very bad day. thank you!
ilana r.
google



thank you to mchenry limo. we had a few special requests and a unique pickup from the airport for a family member who has a disability. marty took it upon himself to handle the situation and wow us with their customer service that totally catered to our needs. thanks again! highly recommend mchenry limo!
tina l.
google



the driver was on time, very friendly and my 9 year olds had their first limo ride for their birthday in a beautiful limo. the driver was very kind and the ride was extremely comfortable and pleasant. it was easy to arrange for date and time with friendly phone service. i will use them again and highly recommend them!
dia r.
google

 


previous



next

 







service area



contact




815-344-4466








              4910 w elm stmchenry, il 60050            





mchenrylimo@gmail.com



we accept

 

social




























homeairport transportationbachelor/bachelorette partiesweddingsbirthday partiespromsquinceañerasspecial eventscorporate accountsour fleetfaqscontactreserve now 



copyright © 2009 -  lift marketing group luxury transportation marketing specialists - all rights reserved - terms of service - privacy policy

 










homeservicesairport transportationbachelor/bachelorette partiesweddingsbirthday partiespromsquinceañerasspecial eventscorporate accountsour fleetfaqscontactreserve now 


call now


















call us 

reserve now 

leave review 



















