


new mexico's premier private investigation firm


















loading...





















home

services

apply

contact us
















investigations overview
our investigative team is ready to help










embezzlement, fraud, white collar crime
using state of the art tools and old fashioned investigative techniques, our investigative team can be leveraged to track down the loss in your organization. 





forensic genealogy, family locates, children in danger
our lead investigator has over a decade of experience with the application of dna in genealogical research and determining the point of relation between people. this experience is complemented by our team's access to resources that aid in the locating of missing persons. 





background checks, due diligence
looking into the background and verifying education and employment of new employees or potential business partners protects you from potential loss. 





experienced surveillance operatives
our team of investigators has extensive experience performing surveillance operations for the military and law enforcement. we utilize the latest in surveillance technology to provide you with the evidence you need.





executive protection
when your life may depend on the integrity and professionalism of your personal protection specialist, trust the provider who's experts have been chosen to protect some of our nation's highest military leaders. schedule a meeting with our team below to discuss how we can keep you or your property intact.





speak to a licensed investigator
ready to see what we can do for you? click on "contact us," at the top of the page, send us an email or submit a case using our intake form below!














process serving overview
the most accomplished service team in the state










process serving
our ability to locate those who don't want to be located affords you the opportunity to make the most of your process serving requirements, giving you a success rate above industry standards, while keeping your costs below industry standards. our servers are capable of covering a majority of the state. 





we work with our tribal neighbors
we have a pleasant and long-standing relationship with many of the tribal governments, and are experienced at navigating the complexities of serving on tribal lands.  we are the only firm in albuquerque that will guarantee proper legal service on tribal lands, provided the subject is located there.  this usually involves a fee to be paid to the tribal court as well as one to two hours of court time billed at $60.00 an hour.





additional services
if skip tracing is required, we offer a discounted rate of $45.00 when included with a serve.  if surveillance is required, it is billed at a rate of $60.00 an hour with a minimum of four hours.  





no hidden costs
printing fee and notarized affidavit are included in all of our serves.  additional defendants/respondents at the same address are only $10.00 extra.  first attempt for local service within 72 business hours, but usually within 48.  





speak to a licensed investigator
ready to see what we can do for you? click on "contact us," at the top of the page, send us an email or submit a case using our intake form below!












our professional relationships










the highest security for your information
our case management system is subject to rigorous oversight and testing to ensure that confidential information is protected on every level. read more












protecting children and fighting human trafficking
human trafficking and missing children are a scourge that frequently go hand in hand. we are dedicated to the eradication of human trafficking and threat it poses to our children.read more












we stand among the nation's leading forensic genealogists
 read more








the industry's leading organization
as members we adhere to the highest ethical standards in the industry and have access to thousands of process servers throughout the country.read more














we support our peers in the industry
we participate in the highest quality training programs the industry has to offer, and work alongside a network of thousands of licensed and accredited pis nationwide. read more












among an elite group of professionals
trained in the leading criminal defense method, as well as forensic testimonial evidence recovery.read more













our chief investigator michael kountz belongs to one of the genealogical industry's leading professional organizations.read more













let us go to work for you
online case submittal






 fill out the following form with as much information as you can provide and one of our investigators will reach out to you within two business days to discuss how we can best meet your needs.
 












follow us on social networks








©  duke city security llc.  all rights reserved. do not sell my personal information.








