













movers - moving companies, moving services, free quotes


































get free moving quotes
























local movers
long distance movers
auto transport
international movers
moving info. 

moving guides
moving reviews
ask moving expert










movers, moving companies and moving services
compare top movers and save money!
















                            step: 1 your moving details
                        

























move size
partial home
studio
1 small bedroom
1 large bedroom
2 bedroom
3 bedroom
4 bedroom
more than 4 bedroom






looking for auto movers?
                            






























                                            does it run?
                                    

yesno






next 




step: 2 contact information
                












































get quotes 



by clicking "get quotes," i consent to be contacted at the phone number i have provided for the purpose of receiving moving quotes. i understand that this contact may include marketing messages sent via text message, email, or phone calls, which may use an automated dialing system or pre-recorded/artificial voice messages. i specifically consent to be contacted by the selected moving companies below and movers.com representatives to follow up on my relocation and gather feedback regarding my moving experience.i acknowledge that my consent is not a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services.message and data rates may apply. by submitting my request, i agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.this consent applies even if i am listed on a corporate, state, or national do not call registry.











 we keep your personal information safe and secure. privacy policy.



















fill out the formstart here by filling out the simple, secure form
choose moversreceive multiple free moving quotes from licensed and insured moving companies
compare quotes & savecompare quotes, choose the best, and save!





moving reviews & ratings





american van lines
material 
  in the re-ignition of a white dwarf, the object's american van lines +1 (805)-301 7006 phone number +1 (805)-301 7006 customer service number is +1 (805)-301 7006 temperature is raised enough to trigger...

darkwolds, august 20, 2024








summit vanlines
department
zuma was born in the rural region of  summit vanlines customer service +1 (805)-410 5600 phone number +1 (805)-410 5600 summit vanlines nkandla, which is now part of the kwazulu-natal province and the centre...

bdrez, october 14, 2024








preferred movers, llc
licensing 
as a result of the negative feedback from the maypreferred movers, llc +1 (805)-301 7006 unlimited moving and storage llc phone number +1 (805)-301 7006 customer service number is +1 (805)-301 7006...

iirand, august 20, 2024








moverjet logistics llc
this 
   in the case of a massive star's sudden implosion, moverjet +1 (805)-301 7006 unlimited moving and storage llc phone number +1 (805)-301 7006 customer service number is +1 (805)-301 7006 ,  the core of a...

iirand, august 20, 2024












why choose movers.com?


there's no way around it – moving is stressful. with the planning, organizing, communicating, packing, labeling, traveling, unpacking, and settling, it's no wonder why people resent it. on top of it all, you shouldn't have to worry that your belongings will be damaged or lost, or you'll be scammed into a bigger bill.
that's where movers.com can help.
for 25 years, movers.com has ensured that every mover in our network meets our high level of standards. these professionals are licensed, insured, and eager to make your move as smooth-sailing as possible. and now, it's easier than ever to receive estimates based on your moving needs – free of charge.
if you're moving into your first apartment, retiring to a condo, or attending to open houses, we also have the resources, expert advice, tips and tricks for all your moving needs. that way, all you should worry about is, well, moving.





 

the movers.com advantage
since 2001, we have seen the moving industry go through fundamental changes. this helped us perfect a platform for you to easily and securely request multiple quotes from vetted moving service providers. we also provide you with helpful guides and resources to take control of your move every step of the way.
our moving services
whether you're moving across the block or the globe, you will find the right services for your needs. our network consists of local, long distance and international movers. we also offer services for any type of move, including auto transportation, small moves, truck rentals, storage, and moving labor.
the movers.com philosophy
we help people move every day, so we know what a fair, hard-working, and professional mover is comprised of. before a moving company joins our network, we check that they have fulfilled any state and federal regulatory compliances.






20years of service
6mcustomers served and continues
700+moving companies
95%happy customers



movers.com's moving services offerings


local moversmoving under 100 miles within your state? find a local mover today
long distance moversmoving out of state or over 100 miles away? get free moving quotes
auto transportship your car with confidence using the best auto movers
international moverschoose an international mover and relocate overseas with ease


corporate relocationthere'll be no desk left behind with corporate moving companies
moving laborsimplify your life by hiring helpers to move your valued items
self service movespack by yourself and just hire a moving truck to save money!
self storagekeep your valuables under lock and key with affordable self storage


small movesmoving to a studio or dorm room? find a small move specialist
special moverslet special movers handle your pianos, pets, artwork, & more
truck rentalsrental trucks are inexpensive options for do-it-yourself moves
moving boxesget packing materials and boxes for an affordable rate





popular moving guides
how to find reliable international movers - questions to askthe moving process is a long and stressful one, especially if you are trying to move internationally. what you should know about international moving is that it is not that different from...10 questions to ask an auto transport companythere are many reasons to hire auto transport services for your move--if you are traveling to your new destination by plane, if you have more than one vehicle, or if you are driving a...how to prepare for full service moverswhen you hire full-service movers, they will take care of everything--packing all of your belongings, loading them onto the truck, driving them to your new location, unloading your...








are you a moving company?
join the movers.com network!
our partners have access to moving customers in need of a variety of moving services, as well as the tools and the assistance to increase their online exposure and grow their business. add your company to the growing network of satisfied relocation professionals.

already with us?  sign in





grab this seal. sign up now.



customer reviews & ratings
company profile
photo gallery
seal of approval
vendor's corner










find moving companies from top states

california
illinois
pennsylvania
district of columbia
texas
new jersey
virginia
michigan
new york
massachusetts
ohio
north carolina
florida
georgia
arizona
maryland
washington
missouri
colorado
tennessee



choose your region

united states
canada
united kingdom
australia
new zealand
india









about us
contact us
privacy policy
site map


join our network
link to us
vendor login
unsubscribe




secure and trusted







connect with us








© 2025 movers.com










