






the cricket indoor location system: an nms project @ mit csail










the cricket indoor location system 




 news
-
latest hardware and software release


 overview
-
cricket project description


 technology
-
how it works?


applications & demos
-
what can you do with cricket?


 download
-
v2 software and user manual


people
-
who are we?


 papers
-
cricket documents


 data
-
collection of some raw cricket data


 acknowledgments
-
who sponsors cricket?





news


2006-03-13
software release version 2.3.2 and firmware 2.3.2
		add license to the source code
adjust the distance calculation for some crickets



2005-09-13
add a by page schematic download and update the schematics


2005-01-26
software release version 2.3.0 and firmware 2.3.1
improve ultrasound directionality
update manual
various fixes


2004-10-29
added schematics to the download section


2004-10-28
new firmware and software version 2.2.2
improve ultrasound coverage



2004-10-15
new firmware and software version 2.2.1
add missing source file



2004-10-13
new firmware and software version 2.2.0
change ultrasound back to 53 ms
fix scheduling bug due to wrong wait time
add ultrasound gain settings
various small fixes




overview
cricket is indoor location system for pervasive and sensor-based  
computing environments, such as those envisioned by mit's project oxygen.  
cricket provides fine-grained location
information---space identifiers, position coordinates, and
orientation---to applications running on handhelds, laptops, and
sensor nodes.

 there have been two major versions of cricket to date (july 2004).
cricket v2, the current version, is substantially more accurate and
energy-efficient compared to cricket v1.  v2 has a new software stack
that runs on tinyos, has better support for continuous object
tracking, has support for various auto-configuration algorithms, etc.
you can buy cricket v2 units from crossbow
technologies.  the software for cricket v2 (both embedded software
and higher-layer software that runs on laptops/handhelds are available
here.  this software is under an open
source license and can be used for education, research, and commercial
purposes as long as the requirements in the copyright notice are
followed. cricket available from crossbow
technologies may not be preloaded with the embedded software when 
shipped individually (to program the crickets you will need a mib510ca 
programmer).

many applications in pervasive and sensor computing environments
are context-aware, benefitting from knowledge of their external
context, such as their location.  location may be specified as a
coordinate position in some coordinate system, a geographic space such
as a room or portion of a room, and as the orientation of a device
within some coordinate system.  examples of location-aware
applications that can be developed using cricket including resource
discovery, human/robot navigation, physical/virtual computer games, 
location-aware sensing, hospital/medical applications (e.g., equipment
and patient tracking/monitoring), stream
migration, pose-aware applications like the software
flashlight/marker, etc.


cricket is intended for use indoors or in urban areas where outdoor
systems like the global positioning system (gps) don't work well.  
it can provide distance ranging and positioning precision of between 
1 and 3 cm, so applications that benefit from better accuracy that the 
cellular e-911 services and gps will also find cricket useful.  
cricket is designed for low-power operation and can be used as a 
location-aware sensor computing node (running tinyos), to which a 
variety of sensors can be attached.





technology

the best way to learn about the cricket technology is to check out the 
cricket v2 user manual.

in a nutshell, cricket uses a combination of rf and ultrasound technologies to
provide location information to attached host devices.  wall-
and ceiling-mounted beacons placed through a building
publish information on an rf channel.  with each rf advertisement, 
the beacon transmits a concurrent ultrasonic pulse. 
listeners attached to devices and mobiles
listen for rf signals, and upon receipt of the first few bits, listen
for the corresponding ultrasonic pulse.  when this pulse arrives, the listener
obtains a distance estimate for the corresponding beacon by taking advantage
of the difference in propagation speeds between rf (speed of light) and 
ultrasound (speed of sound).  the listener
runs algorithms that correlate rf and ultrasound
samples (the latter are simple pulses with no data encoded on them)
and to pick the best correlation. even in the presence of several competing
beacon transmissions, cricket achieves good precision and accuracy quickly.

in addition to determining spaces and estimating position coordinates,
cricket provides an indoor orientation capability via the cricket compass.
this facility is not yet commercially available (it is a research prototype)





a cricket listener attaches to the host device using an rs232 serial 
connection.  the cricket beacon and listener are identical hardware 
devices (see picture above).
a cricket unit can function as either beacon or listener, 
or can be used in a "mixed" mode in a 
symmetric location architecture (which may be apporpriate in some
				 sensor computing scenarios), 
all under software control.
you can attach a variety of sensors to a cricket device
using the 51-pin connector on the cricket.

we also have some research prototypes of crickets with a compact flash (cf)
interface, which may be a more convenient form factor to attach to handhelds
and laptops than the rs232 interface.  these devices may become widely 
available in a few months.  they will be software- and protocol-compatible
with the rs232 version.  the picture below shows what the current cf device
looks like; this design is likely to change.



cricket uses active beacons and
passive listeners, which has two significant benefits.  first, it
is not a tracking system where a centralized controller or database
receives transmissions from users and devices and tracks them. 
second, it scales well as the number of devices increases; a system
with active transmitters attached to devices wouldn't scale particularly well with the density of instrumented
devices.  third, its decentralized architecture makes the system
easy to deploy. 

we've been deploying cricket. below, on the left, is a 
picture of its deployment in a room on the 
9th floor of mit's csail in the stata center 
(click on the picture for a bigger image).  below, in the middle,
is a picture of an older deployment in csail's old home in tech square.  on the right is a picture of a deployment from csail's graphics lab in tech square.







demonstrations/applications

various groups at mit have developed  
applications and systems using crickets.
the following links are to video clips or pictures of some of these applications.
these links are roughly in inverse chronological order.


tracking a moving train (405 mb) (huge file, but should stream properly; no sound).

screenshot from the train tracking video.  another screenshot.

auto-configuring robots (7 mb).  also see the web page for cricket-enabled moving robots.
stream-migration demo video (18 mb)
an oxygen scenario (9 mb)
pose-aware cricket applications
indoor navigation (27 mb)
cricket-based doom (physical/virtual computer game).  another picture of the game.
cricketnav.  example path generated by cricketnav.  

peoplefinder


download


cricket software.  note that the license is open source, free for educational, research, and commercial purposes. for more information about the license please look inside the license file in the software package version 2.3.2+.


 cricket user manual
 cricket schematics (full)*
  page 1
 page 2
 page 3
 page 4
 page 5
 page 6

 cricket parts(from digikey and mouser)
 cricket parts (from mouser)
* missing components values from the schematics can be found in nissanka bodhi priyantha thesis 



cricket people

people currently working on the cricket project include:
hari balakrishnan, 
dorothy curtis,
erik demaine, 
michel goraczko,
allen miu,
david moore,
michael newman,
bodhi priyantha,
adam smith,
ken steele,
seth teller,
arvind thiagarajan,
rui viana,
jd zamfirescu.

 past contributors to cricket include roshan baliga (meng), anit
chakraborty (meng), albert lin (urop), nikos michalakis (meng), jorge
rafael nogueras (sm), kevin wang (meng), mike whitaker (urop)



papers

these papers are in chronological order.



nissanka b. priyantha, anit chakraborty,
hari balakrishnan, the cricket
location-support system, proc.  6th acm
mobicom, boston, ma, august 2000.

this is the original cricket (v1) paper describing our first prototype and
algorithms.



nissanka b. priyantha, allen miu, hari
balakrishnan, seth teller, the cricket
compass for context-aware mobile applications, proc.  7th
acm mobicom, rome, italy, july 2001.
this paper describes how cricket can be enhanced to provide
orientation information, in addition to space and position coordinates.


seth teller, kevin chen, hari balakrishnan, pervasive pose-aware applications and infrastructure, ieee computer graphics and
applications, july/august 2003.
this paper describes early experience with some applications of the
cricket compass (done with two or more "standard" crickets, rather than
with an integrated compass device).


nissanka b. priyantha, hari balakrishnan, erik demaine, seth teller,
anchor-free distributed localization in
sensor networks, lcs tech. report #892. 


hari balakrishnan, roshan baliga, dorothy curtis, michel goraczko,
allen miu, nissanka b. priyantha, adam smith, ken steele, seth teller, kevin
wang, lessons from developing and deploying the
cricket indoor location system, november 2003.  (preprint.)
this paper describes the lessons learned from cricket v1 and how cricket
v2's design builds on these lessons.


 adam smith, hari balakrishnan, michel goraczko, nissanka priyantha,tracking moving devices with the cricket location system, proc. 2nd usenix/acm mobisys conf., boston, ma, june 2004.  


cricket v2 user manual, july 2004.


nissanka bodhi priyantha, hari balakrishnan, erik demaine, seth teller, mobile-assisted localization in wireless sensor networks, proc. ieee infocom conference, march 2005.



theses


nissanka bodhi priyantha,

the cricket indoor location system


phd thesis, massachusetts institute
of technology, june 2005.
[pdf (2.4 mb)]




kevin john wang,

an ultrasonic compass for context-aware mobile applications


m. eng. thesis, massachusetts institute
of technology, june 2004.
[pdf (4.5 mb)]
(96 pages)




roshan bantwal baliga,

rapid coordinate system creation and mapping using crickets


m. eng. thesis, massachusetts institute
of technology, june 2004.
[pdf (1.9 mb)]
(64 pages)




nikolaos michalakis,



location-aware access control for pervasive computing environments


m. eng. thesis, massachusetts institute
of technology, february 2003.
[ps (749 kb)]
[pdf (1.1 mb)]
(73 pages)




allen k. l. miu,
design and implementation of an
indoor mobile navigation system
sm thesis, massachusetts institute of
technology, jan 2002. 
[postscript
(3.8 mb)] 
[ps.gz
(459 kb)] 
[pdf
(1.9 mb)] 
(60 pages)

winner of a masterworks award, may
2002. 


jorge rafael nogueras,
a stream redirection architecture
for pervasive computing environments
sm thesis, massachusetts institute of
technology, may 2001. 
[pdf(577
kb)] (70 pages)

winner of a masterworks award, may
2001. 


nissanka bodhi priyantha,
providing precise indoor location
information to mobile devices sm thesis, massachusetts institute of
technology, january 2001. [postscript

(1.21 mb)] (54 pages)  


anit chakraborty,

a distributed architecture for
mobile, location-dependent applications
m. eng. thesis, massachusetts institute
of technology, may 2000. [pdf

(656kb)] (58 pages)





experimental data
cricket v1 data

some experiments conducted using  cricket v1.  (cricket v2 performs significantly better, so these numbers are unlikely to be useful any more.)


distance measurements (zip file 180 kb)
positioning measurements (zip file
900kb)
see detailed experiment description in design and implementation of an
indoor mobile navigation system

cricket v2 data

some experiments conducted using the second version of cricket.  more data is forthcoming.


mobile positioning measurements (zip file 310 kb)


acknowledgments

we are grateful to acer inc., delta electronics inc., hp corp., ntt inc., 
nokia research center, and philips research for their funding of the 
cricket project under the mit project oxygen partnership.


we thank the national science foundation for funding cricket under an itr, 
"scalable location aware monitoring".


we thank ntt inc. for having funded cricket in the past under the 
ntt-mit research collaboration.

we also thank analog devices, inc. for their kind donation of 
electronic components and sensor devices.


nms homeprojectspeoplepaperssoftwarecsaile e c sm i tm. i. t. computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory · 32 vassar street · cambridge, ma 02139 · usa


