















teamsters local 688 | missouri workers union based in st. louis































































teamsterslocal 688home
about

our team
your local union
teamsters history
faq


resources

central states fund
teamcare with central states
teamster benefits
“right-to-work” facts
international brotherhood of the teamsters
teamsters brewery, bakery, and soft drink
teamsters freight division
teamsters industrial trades division
teamster package division
teamster food processing division


forms

change of address form
grievance form
investigation form
withdrawal form
application and notice for membership


affiliates

international brotherhood of the teamsters
teamsters joint council 13
teamsters national black caucus
st. louis labor council
united way of greater st. louis


contact us





menu


menu

 






we are local 688 teamstersfighting for wages and benefits on the job
about usdownload the appwe stand united togetherthe union starts with “u”
facebooktwitterknowledge = resultsour experience ensures our members have a voice at work
historyour teampreviousnext123


we are 688
our mission: negotiate member benefits and compensation, oversee workplace safety, and fairly arbitrate disputes in the workplace to maintain member satisfaction.


download our member app
 




what unions do
by joining together, working women and men gain strength in numbers so they can have a voice at work about the issues they care about. they negotiate a contract with their employer for things like a fair and safe workplace, better wages, a secure retirement, and family-friendly policies such as paid sick leave and scheduling hours.

find out more about us





teamsters 688 members by the numbers


4000in package division

850in industrial trades division

600in warehouse division

1700in brewery & soft drinks division






union difference

wages: 28% higher than nonunion
78% of union workers have a pension. nonunion? 19%
health benefits: 84% for union workers vs 64% for nonunion
union members have a voice to improve their work environment
unions provide opportunities to raise workers up from a struggling lower class to the core of our economy



union strength
unions provide collective support to their members through strength in numbers. collective bargaining is the process by which working people, through their unions, negotiate contracts with their employers to determine their terms of employment including pay, benefits, hours, leave, job health and safety policies, ways to balance work and family, and more. collective bargaining is a way to solve workplace problems.


“ we are working members for working families. that’s really where our heart is.”-chris tongay, secretary-treasurer at local 688















apply today for the 2025 teamsters scholarship fund!teamsters local 688 pool tournament resultsteamsters vip+ plan: protect your paycheck in 2025previousnext123
 
let’s connect

314-513-5800  | 4349 woodson road st. louis, mo 63134 | mon – fri 7:30am – 4pm













st. louis labor healthcare network:no surprise act cost transparency




  


© 2022 all rights reserved. teamsters local 688. | 1 day website by bizzy bizzy






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more×

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
terms and conditions
accept settingshide notification only


stay in the loop
sign up for our newsletter.


			×            






















