







artistic arborist, inc. – a tree health management company




































 

	
		
		the tree and plant healthcare portions of artistic arborist are proud to be a division of bartlett tree experts, and our staff now has the backing of an international tree-care company and tree research laboratory to help continue providing excellent tree service and shrub care in the phoenix, az area. view a complete list of professional tree services offered by bartlett.
		
		





skip to content
 
artistic arborist, inc.
a tree health management company



menu
home
about
services
meet the arborist
contact
testimonials
petzl catalog
general catalog



search






search for:



 















about usartistic arborist, inc. is a full service tree and plant health management firm, which includes a consultation department, a retail tree tool supply store and an education/training department.artistic arborist, inc. has been recognized as the phoenix area’s plant health management professionals since 1978. tim a. johnson, who has been involved in arboriculture for over 50 years, founded the business. tim is recognized in the industry as a leader in diagnostic consultation and employee training.







 



consultation departmentartistic arborist’s consultation department provides expert opinions on our client’s tree health management issues. we provide man power, equipment and facilities to analyze conditions concerning soil, water, diseases, pests and the physical and physiological strengths and weaknesses of a tree, resulting in a detailed description of the current situation, the cause of the situation, chances of survival and a detailed scheduled treatment program. we also provide recommendations for, and specifications of, tree maintenance programs for any size and type of facility. we can also provide expert evaluations or testimony for insurance claims or litigation involving trees.equipment salesour store, located at 4519 north 7th ave in phoenix, carries top of the line tools for all aspects of tree and shrub management, including:
• tree climbing gear
• personal protection
• pole pruners/saws
• loppers and shears
• hand pruners/saws
• diagnostic tools
• micro-nutrients
• fertilizers
• green industry
   publications
• and more
• training & education 



meet the arboristtim a. johnson is a second-generation arborist and started his career in 1961 with his father’s tree care firm.
tim has a bachelor of science degree in ornamental horticulture from california polytechnic state university – san luis obispo, california.
experienced in all aspects of tree health management throughout the united states and overseas, he eventually founded artistic arborist, inc., in phoenix in 1978. (read more) 



contact
4519 n. 7th ave phoenix, az 85013
tree care tools and supplies
store@nulltreetoolsusa.com
phone: 602-263-8892
store hours:  8:00 am – 4:30 pm
monday – friday

consultation department

phone: 602-263-8897
office@nulltreemanagement.us


 



tammy gi am writing to recommend the services of artistic arborist, tim johnson.  we have a large yard with many different types of trees which tim has taken care of for many years.   (read more)julie p.my home was built in the 40’s and some of the trees were put in with the original landscaping. when i bought the house they had been ignored for a very long time and were in pretty rough shape so i spent several seasons just getting them back to a growing state. (read more)fran b.wow.. what a positive experience.  tim arrived as scheduled and was as pleasant and helpful as i could have ever wanted.  he will send a report and help me implement it.  great investment in my yard….
from yelp 































