







great barrier reef aquarium






















































0








        skip to content
      



























        about
      



        contact us
      
















open menu
close menu




























        about
      



        contact us
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  about
                





                  contact us
                






















the great barrier reef aquarium is closed for redevelopment 



we are working behind the scenes to deliver a contemporary aquarium to bring the reef to the land for all to enjoy and experience one of the world’s most iconic ecosystems.we wish to thank the community for its support for this beloved facility and look forward to providing project updates in due course. 














a new future for the great barrier reef aquarium 







































the great barrier reef aquarium (formerly known as reef hq) in townsville has received $180 million (including 80 million previously allocated) from the australian government to assure a major transformation of the facility, enhancing its role in educating the public about reef conservation and inspiring future generations to see, love and protect the reef.since opening in 1987, the great barrier reef aquarium has welcomed over 4.5 million visitors and reached 105,000 people in 34 countries through virtual programs, highlighting australia's commitment to reef protection.complexity associated with the bespoke build, together with dramatic increases in construction costs, had caused delays to the project. this new injection of funding will ensure the great barrier reef aquarium is delivered in full.a new state-of-the-art sustainable facility will showcase the magic of the great barrier reef and offer top-tier reef education for queenslanders, as well as national and international visitors, providing immersive experiences for people of all ages and abilities.this additional funding is a commitment between the australian government, queensland government and townsville city council to create jobs, increase economic growth and revitalise the city.the reef authority looks forward to continuing its engagement and design work with partner organisations to deliver the world-leading educational facility which has been an icon in the north queensland community for more than 35 years.
















marine life on the move



the great barrier reef aquarium has successfully completed the relocation of fish and corals from the world’s largest living coral reef exhibit to the australian institute of marine science (aims) in preparation for redevelopment.   watch the video below to see all the work behind the scenes.














frequently asked questions









            when will the aquarium reopen?
          










the great barrier reef marine park authority (reef authority) continues to work with the government to deliver the great barrier reef aquarium, the national education centre for the great barrier reef.substantial work on the project is occurring behind the scenes. this includes the development of detailed designs featuring engineering and architectural innovation, durability, and creativity worthy of the world heritage area. we wish to thank the queensland community for its support for this beloved facility and look forward to providing project updates in due course.








            where are all of the animals?
          










majority of our animals have been relocated to other facilities and our partners across queensland. all fish and corals from our premier coral reef exhibit have been relocated to systems within the national sea simulator at the australian institute of marine science and will remain here until the time comes to commission the new aquarium. 








            why was the building demolished? 
          










the original 37-year-old building has not been demolished. adjacent buildings located on the former wonderland site, including the imax theatre, office space, and the cultural centre, were removed in preparation for capital works to occur.








            do you still offer education programs?
          










the reef authority’s education team are hosting regular virtual learning experiences with local schools, nationally and internationally.the team continues to offer an extensive range of educational resources and programs, so everyone has access to information on how they can see the reef, love the reef and protect the reef.please visit the reefed portal to access some of the terrific education materials available.








            media enquiries
          










if you are a member of the media and are interested in learning more about the great barrier reef aquarium, please contact the reef authority media team on (07) 4750 0846 or email: media@gbrmpa.gov.au. 

































acknowledgementthe great barrier reef marine park authority acknowledges the expertise, wisdom, and enduring connections that have informed the guardianship of the reef for millennia. we pay our respects to the traditional owners as the first managers of this land and sea country, and value their traditional knowledge which continues to inform the current management and stewardship of the reef for future generations. we pay our respects to the gurambilbarra wulgurukaba traditional owners on whose land the great barrier reef aquarium is situated on. we acknowledge their connection to country and are honoured to be collaborating with the gurambilbarra wulgurukaba community to co-design exhibits highlighting culture values and connections to sea country.



accessibility | disclaimer |  foi | information publication scheme | privacy




(c) copyright commonwealth of australia, great barrier reef aquarium, 2024.
































