




 


the cascadians - home



 




cascadians


log in












 











home




about



active groups




club history







calendar



smartphone app




edit calendar







resources



documents, forms, & publications



membership/renewal form




trip leader guidelines




outing liability release form




participant guidelines







links




reference



thirteen essentials




wildflowers







store







contact



donate




join/dues















who are the cascadians?

the cascadians is an outdoor recreation and conservation club located in yakima, washington.
activities include hiking, backpacking, climbing, skiing, snowshoeing, bicycling, golf, paddling and more.
cascadians have been enjoying the trails and peaks of the pacific northwest since 1920.











 







monthly general meetings

last wednesday of every month except july7:00 p.m.
note location change:  at the yakima area arboretum, 1401 arboretum drive, yakima
the cascadians have monthly general meetings open to all members and guests on the last wednesday of every month except for july, in which the annual potluck picnic is held instead.  there is a featured program with guest or member speakers at every meeting except the december meeting, in which the annual member slideshow is held instead.  a brief business meeting follows the program, and refreshments are served at the end of the meeting.  the general meetings are a great way for people interested in joining the club to see what it is all about, and the new member orientation meetings held prior to the general meetings are a great way for new members to learn how to participate in the club events and activities. 
new member orientation is 6:00-7:00 p.m. before general meetings.
leader: dan fortier (509-952-5900). this is a time set aside to welcome new members to the club, provide information about cascadians, and answer any questions that new members may have.










become a member!submit an application online: join us





































powered by wild apricot membership software











