











            holidays in pembrokeshire, wales - hotels, accommodation & things to do        






























 





































 




















skip to content





pembrokeshire's official website for tourism information








|
explore by map 
|



                            language english                            
cymraeg
























activities & adventure

activity centres
coasteering
cycling
diving
fishing
foraging
golf
horse riding
kite surfing
paddleboarding
paragliding
powerboating
rock climbing
sailing
sea kayaking
surfing
walking
special offers search


things to do & events

active attractions
attractions for free
arts & crafts
boat trips
castles & heritage
family friendly
festivals & events
flora & fauna
food & drink
foraging experiences
gardens
museums & galleries
music
spa breaks
tours
wet weather
special offers search


places to stay

bunkhouses & hostels
camping & caravans
farm stays
glamping & unusual accommodation
guest houses & b&bs
holiday villages
hotels
self catering cottages
special offers search


holidays & breaks

family holidays
weekends & short breaks
visit in spring
visit in summer
visit in autumn
visit in winter
dog friendly holidays
visit pembrokeshire. safely.


explore

pembrokeshire coast national park
the pembrokeshire coast path
beaches in pembrokeshire
towns & villages
the preseli mountains
the daugleddau estuary
wildlife & nature
the coastal way
pilgrim way
getting around


industry

open to all
brand tool kit
benefits of membership
trade services and products
manage your listing
members area
research and statistics
pr and media centre
croeso awards
about us


 






search for:search button 











                    marloes sands









                            pembrokeshire                         

where amazing adventures await and new discoveries are made.
planning your trip is just as much fun as visiting so whether you hope to reconnect with nature, catch a weekend away with friends, head out on a delicious foodie break, or learn something new, we will guide you & share inspiration to help you find accommodation, thrill-seeking adventures and fabulous family days out just right for you.
travel information: visit pembrokeshire. safely









pembrokeshire coast path
the pembrokeshire coast path national trail hugs the coastline for 186 miles and has some of the most breathtaking coastal scenery in britain.








foodie pembrokeshire
innovative chefs using the finest local ingredients and produce are creating mouth-wateringly good food. explore pembrokeshire's growing food scene.









pembrokshire awaits
pembrokeshire by train. we've teamed up with transport for wales and great western railway to make your journey to pembrokeshire more accessible and enjoyable than ever before.



 









welcome to 


                                pembrokeshire                            

lapped by sea on three sides, pembrokeshire has the perks of an island, as well as the cultural riches befitting a dramatically scenic corner of southwest wales. an area of outstanding natural beauty.
here, where the road ends, numerous diverse strands come together: sea and mountain, art and history, celtic and anglo-saxon influences, and year-round opportunities for adventure and relaxation.
this extraordinary synthesis attracts free thinkers and creative types of all sorts, beguiling all of us who are proud to call this remarkable place our home, and most of our visitors too.
not surprisingly, with a deep connection to the ocean, pembrokeshire is a haven for exhilarating water sports, spectacular coastal walks and the freshest seafood.
our landscape is protected by the unique pembrokeshire coast national park, where along its shores you’ll find the pembrokeshire coast path. the 186 miles of meandering trail visits coves and harbours, over 50 beaches, through vibrant towns and villages, brimming with life, culture and creativity, oh yes and the smallest city in britain: st davids.
away from the coast, pembrokeshire is fantastic for family holidays – there’s no end of choice; adventure parks, castles, boat trips and family festivals, they are just some of the things to do and events that will lift your spirits and create lasting memories.


                                explore by map













choose the things that you love to see and do
there's plenty going on year-round in pembrokeshire 













activities  & adventures 
attraction & events
places to stay













kayaking nr porthclais









                    are you ready? plan your trip to pembrokeshire                






adventures & activity
search for your epic adventure or activity








accommodation
search for accommodation that's just right for you








things to do & events
search for exciting places to find fun things to do



 






little haven in winter

















contact
visit pembrokeshire limited
innovation centre
pembrokeshire science and technology park
pembroke dock
sa72 6un


sign up to our newsletter


first name* last name* email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 


















get in touch


contact us & information centres




industry


brand toolkit


industry hub


industry listing login


register new account


forgotten password




utilities


image credits


privacy policy


cookies










quick content

all downloads
all articles
pembrokeshire tide times timetable
dog restrictions beach maps
pembrokeshire cycle routes

 








© 2025 visit pembrokeshire. all rights reserved.













this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept















































