











home



























    skip to main content
  





































                    about us
                      




                    mission
            
        



                    from the director
            
        



                    staff
            
        



                    awards & fellowships
            
        



                    giving
            
        



                    history
                      




                    photo album
            
        





                    administrative resources
            
        



                    visitor information
            
        





                    people
            
        



                    graduate programs
                      




                    applied mathematics & statistics, and scientific computation
            
        



                    biophysics
            
        



                    chemical physics
            
        





                    research & partnerships
                      




                    research areas
                      




                    non-equilibrium systems, emergent materials and active matter
            
        



                    networks science and dynamical systems
            
        



                    quantitative life sciences
            
        



                    energetic particle astrophysics and space technology
            
        



                    applied mathematics and scientific computation
            
        





                    burgers program for fluid dynamics
            
        



                    nci-umd partnership for integrative cancer research
            
        



                    physics of living systems
            
        



                    postdoctoral opportunities at ipst
            
        



                    quantum thermodynamics
            
        



                    data science education
            
        



                    trend
            
        





                    news
                      




                    current news
            
        



                    news archive (2008-2018)
            
        





                    events
                      




                    ipst events
            
        



                    dr. shih-i pai lecture series
            
        



                    biophysics seminars
            
        



                    biophysics events
            
        



                    chemical physics events
            
        



                    burgers program for fluid dynamics events
            
        



                    nci-umd partnership for integrative cancer research events
            
        



                    physics of living systems events
            
        



                    applied dynamics seminar
            
        



                    informal statistical physics seminar
            
        





















search















































home






 















wendell t. hill elected to the
american academy of arts & sciences
read more


wolfgang losert and abba gumel
elected aaas fellows
read more


konstantina trivisa 
elected fellow of siam
read more







 


















news














                               ipst postdoctoral fellowship in artificial chemical intelligence                             




the institute for physical science and technology (ipst) at the university of maryland (umd) invites outstanding young scientists to apply for the inaugural ipst postdoctoral fellowship in artificial chemical intelligence. 






                               writing quantum steampunk: science-fiction workshop                             




edward daschle & nicole yunger halpern to teach course in spring 2025:
writing quantum steampunk: science-fiction workshop
steampunk is a science-fiction genre in which futuristic technologies populate victorian-era settings. recently, steampunk has come to life in the scientific field of quantum thermodynamics. thermodynamics, the study of energy, grew out of the industrial revolution. two centuries later, quantum physics is transforming computing and cryptography. quantum science is now revolutionizing 19th-century thermodynamics in quantum thermodynamics, which features quantum engines, automata, and more. quantum thermodynamics inspired the growing subgenre of quantum steampunk. in this course, you will read science fiction, write quantum-steampunk short stories, receive feedback, and critique classmates’ writing. in parallel, you will learn about quantum physics, technologies, and thermodynamics. 






                               chris jarzynski publishes nature physics article with colleagues                             




chris jarzynski (ipst/chemistry and biochemistry) with mohammad hafezi (ece) and graduate student alireza seif, published an article in nature physics, september 21, entitled "machine learning the thermodynamic arrow of time". the authors found that a machine learning algorithm that is trained to infer the direction of time’s arrow identifies entropy production as the relevant physical quantity in its decision-making process. 














                           master of science and graduate certificate in quantum computing                        

the institute for physical science and technology at the university of maryland invites professionals and recent bachelor graduates in stem fields to apply to the master of science or graduate certificate in quantum computing, offered through the science academy. these programs are the fruit of extensive multidisciplinary collaboration coordinated at ipst. application deadlines for the fall 2025 cycle are may 30, 2025 for domestic students, and february 28, 2025 for international students.
learn more

















 nicole yunger halpern makes science news' 10 scientists to watch list 

26 sep 24










 quantum steampunk engine funded through inter-college initiative 

25 jul 24










 five students receive biophysics award for research excellence 

22 apr 24










 mikayla greiner receives nsf graduate research fellowship 

08 apr 24










 avik dutt and his research team explore synthetic dimensions 

25 mar 24






see more


 


















world-class faculty











 

 






kayo ide


associate professor of atmospheric & oceanic science, essic, ipst, and department of mathematics










 

 









pratyush tiwary


millard and lee alexander professor in chemical physics and ipst










 

 






norma w. andrews


affiliate professor, ipst
professor, cell biology & molecular genetics










 

 






wendell t. hill


director, chemical physics program
professor, ipst










 

 









avik dutt 


assistant professor, mechanical engineering and ipst










 

 






dionisios margetis


professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






ricardo h. nochetto


professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






wolfgang losert


mpower professor
professor, ipst
professor, department of physics
co-director, nci-umd partnership for integrative cancer research










 

 






abba gumel


professor, mathematics and ipst
the michael and eugenia brin endowed e-nnovate chair in mathematics










 

 






timothy w. koeth


assistant professor, materials science and ipst










 

 






daniel p. lathrop


professor of physics and ipst










 

 






charles w. clark


affiliate and adjunct professor, ipst










 

 






jeffrey bub


professor emeritus, philosophy and ipst 










 

 






jeffery klauda


co-director of the biophysics program
professor, chemical & biomolecular engineering
affiliate professor, ipst










 

 






eitan tadmor


distinguished university professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






rajarshi roy


professor, ipst










 

 






jan v. sengers


distinguished university professor emeritus, ipst










 

 






garegin papoian


professor of chemistry and biochemistry & ipst










 

 






hong-zhou ye


assistant professor, chemistry & biochemistry and ipst










 

 






alfredo nava-tudela


director of scientific computing, ipst










 

 






michelle girvan


professor, ipst










 

 






deep ray


assistant professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






ellen d. williams


distinguished university professor emerita, physics and ipst










 

 






konstantina trivisa


director of ipst
professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






john d. weeks


distinguished university professor emeritus, chemistry and biochemistry & ipst










 

 






eun-suk seo


professor of physics and ipst










 

 






sergei sukharev


professor of biology and ipst










 

 






c. david levermore


professor of mathematics and ipst










 

 






david fushman


affiliate professor, ipst
professor, chemistry & biochemistry and institute for advanced computer studies










 

 






james a. yorke


distinguished university professor
research professor, ipst










 

 






katepalli sreenivasan


distinguished university professor
college park professor, ipst










 

 






maicol ochoa


visiting assistant research scientist, ipst
assistant research scientist, department of chemistry & biochemistry










 

 






brian r. hunt


professor emeritus of mathematics and ireap and ipst










 

 






john t. fourkas


professor of chemistry & biochemistry and ipst










 

 






mikhail anisimov


distinguished university professor emeritus, chemical & biomolecular engineering and ipst










 

 






maria mukhina


assistant professor, department of physics










 

 






william d. phillips


distinguished university professor
college park professor of physics and ipst










 

 






james duncan


director, burgers program for fluid dynamics
professor of mechanical engineering and ipst










 

 






christopher jarzynski


distinguished university professor,
department of chemistry and biochemistry,
ipst, department of physics










 

 






james m. wallace


professor emeritus of mechanical engineering and ipst










 

 






michael a. coplan


research professor emeritus, ipst










 

 






stuart s. antman


distinguished university research professor emeritus, ipst










 

 






millard alexander


distinguished university professor and emeritus professor of chemistry & biochemistry and ipst










 

 









nicole yunger halpern


adjunct assistant professor, ipst
visiting assistant professor, umiacs












 





















                           about ipst                        


learn more












                           graduate programs                        


learn more












                           research & partnerships                        


learn more












                           events                        


learn more






































 

connect with ipst



 
 
 








links



 about ipst
 umd home
 privacy notice
 web accessibility
 intranet
 login

 







contact ipst



mailing address:4254 stadium drive (building #224), room 4211
college park, md 20742-2431
 
phone: 301-405-4814
ipst@umd.edu 
directions to ipst 


















