




wcc









western
          canada concept













sign
                    the petition
                    for western independence
our
                    facebook page
hear
                    doug christie
                    interviewed by john gormley of newstalk650 saskatoon july 8
western
                    block party
douglaschristie.com
                    
email
                    doug christie

fax
                    250-479-3294

                    western canada concept
                    box 101
                    255 menzies street
                    victoria, bc
                    western canada
                    v8v 2g6
 




doug christie's youtube
                      videos

are all available here.



doug christie wcc candidate
                      for saanich south - - -

who
                      he is


 he
                          has practised law in victoria for 38 years,
                          specializing in free speech and individual rights
                          cases across canada

 he
                          is the founder of the western canada concept (1980)
                          and the western block party (2002)

 he
                          has been president of the saanich water polo school
                          for 10 years

 he
                          is a long-time local taxpayer and advocate for tax
                          reduction

where
                      he stands

on
                          sewage

i
                      oppose the sewage treatment plants ordered by the bc
                      government. nature already provides us with an effective,
                      inexpensive and environmentally beneficial treatment
                      system. campbell’s plan will cost billions and result in
                      much higher taxation and even bankruptcy. the regional
                      health officer opposes the plan. yet the campbell
                      government has ordered us to comply. a plebiscite should
                      be held before such massive expenditure is
                      committed. 

on
                          justice

the
                      basi-virk-collins case drags on with official complicity.
                      the sale to bc rail is a serious moral failure by the
                      campbell government. there are serious problems with the
                      administration of justice in bc. the robert dziekanski and
                      ian bush deaths are two further symptoms of a general
                      malaise.

on
                          confederation


our
                        federal system of government punishes bc with unsuitable
                        immigration, an unpatriotic foreign policy, crippling
                        taxation and wasteful spending. referendums should be
                        held to determine whether the west should secede from
                        canada, and bc should lead the way. 

support doug christie for saanich south mla on may 12
                        call 250-888-3410 or 250-385-1022
                        see doug's videos at youtube.com


the western block party on
                      one page

here's
                      a one-page brochure you can print out and
                      distribute and/or email to your friends and have them do
                      the same. 


doug christie interviewed

click
                      here to hear western canada concept leader
                      doug christie interviewed by nathan clarke. 

why are you surprised?
                      part i

back when stephen harper was
                      president of the national citizens coalition, he had this
                      to say about free speech:

human
                      rights commissions, as they are evolving, are an attack on
                      our fundamental freedoms and the basic existence of a
                      democratic society. it is in fact totalitarianism. i find
                      this is very scary stuff.

now that he is in a position
                      to do something about it, harper is singing
                      a different tune:

q:
                      will the government amend the canadian human rights act to
                      prevent unwarranted interferences in free expression by
                      human rights commissions?
a:
                      the government has no plans to do so. we’re certainly
                      aware of the issue. my understanding—we’ve been
                      monitoring this closely—i think you’ll actually see
                      there’s been some modification of behaviour on the part
                      of the canadian human rights commissions. the most
                      egregious cases right now are mostly at the provincial
                      level. and it is a very tricky issue of public policy
                      because obviously, as we’ve seen, some of these powers
                      can be abused. but they do exist for valid reasons, which
                      is obviously to prevent public airwaves from being used to
                      disseminate hate against vulnerable members of our
                      society. that’s a valid objective. it’s probably the
                      case that we haven’t got the balance right, but i’m
                      not sure the government today has any answer on what an
                      appropriate balance would be.
what's changed between then
                      and now? then, harper was the leader of an organization
                      based in calgary; now, he is the leader of an organization
                      based in ottawa. it's as simple as that. harper has many
                      failings, but he knows how to count; bc, alberta,
                      saskatchewan and alberta together have only 92 seats in
                      the house of commons, while quebec and ontario together
                      have 181. 

our central canadian elite
                      has decided that only repression can keep our tower of
                      babel from crashing to earth. here in the west, we can
                      huff and puff till we're blue in the face, but it's all
                      wasted breath if the east decides otherwise.

plan
                      b? the west tried that before. it was
                      called the reform party, and it was 15 years of wasted
                      breath. the real plan b is western independence, which is
                      the only plan that will return to us our god-given right
                      of free speech.


real canadians, as defined by
                      our eastern masters

january
                      13, 2009


first things first

the
                      foundational strategy of the western block party is to
                      secure for western canadians a referendum for
                      independence.
after
                      western canada is independent, our policies will be
                      decided on a regular basis by thorough, free, public
                      debate followed by citizen-initiated referenda on all
                      major issues.
parties
                      and corrupt politicians who place their vote at the
                      disposal of the highest bidder will be a thing of the past
                      as people become actively involved in the political
                      process.
until
                      then, however, attempts to divide the movement with
                      fractious debate over post-independence arguments will be
                      resisted by the leadership of our party. we do not yet
                      have the power to choose, and we will never have it unless
                      we unite to achieve it.
douglas
                      h. christie, leader, western block party
december
                      15, 2008


basic policy of the western
                      block party

our one goal is to achieve
                      independence for all western canada after referenda in
                      each of the four western provinces.
we seek to establish a new
                      nation with four basic qualities:
1. a
                      constitutional right to direct democracy—recall,
                      referendum and initiative—applicable
                      to all laws and measures.
2.
                      a bicameral (two-house) legislature, with representation
                      by region in the upper house and representation by
                      population (one person, one vote) in the lower house.
3.
                      two levels of government, national and municipal.
4. a
                      referendum on the constitution after its drafting by a
                      constituent assembly. 
5. an
                      independent judiciary beholden to a constitution based on
                      the principles of liberty and personal responsibility.
december 10, 2008

resources, pensions,
                      immigration
the resources of western
                      canada taxed at source are sufficient to provide for all
                      necessary health, education, pension and social benefits
                      to western canadians without a personal income tax.
                      instead, we donate billions to ottawa to to bribe the
                      voters of quebec, ontario and the atlantic provinces.
the western economy can pay
                      all necessary pensions with greatly reduced pensions so
                      long as we can control immigration to our tax haven. no
                      federal party can speak against immigration for fear of
                      the ethnic vote, which demands an open door policy. 
independence is the only
                      option that will protect both our economy and our culture.
                      how long can you wait and watch the plunder of our
                      homeland?
douglas h. christie
                      leader, western block party
december 9, 2008

new western separatist
                      online
the october/november/december
                      issue of the western separatist has just been
                      published, and you can find it online here.
december 9, 2008


doug christie's quotation of
                      the day

canada
                      is really four countries: the west, ontario, quebec and
                      the atlantic provinces. no matter who leads any federal
                      party, parliament will always be dysfunctional. only with
                      smaller countries united in a common interest can
                      democratic government function properly. western canada
                      should be such a nation.
december 8, 2008


mister harper wants the west
                      to go back to sleep


harper: he's had his say; now it's our turn

                      for a brief moment, it looked as if the vast majority of
                      western canadians were awakening to how the canadian
                      system really works. with the conservative party
                      winning 77%
                      of all seats in western canada, two
                      quebeckers and one torontonian could control the house of
                      commons. so he pressured the governor general into
                      proroguing parliament to win time to “influence” the
                      coalition and keep his job. harper wants the west to go
                      back to sleep. he doesn’t want us to ponder the truth
                      that even if he remains prime minister, canada will still
                      be ruled by quebec and ontario. why do we put up with
                      this? now, stephen harper may benefit thereby, but what do
                      we gain by continuing to subsidize their oil and
                      their natural gas and prop up their failing auto industry?
                      how long can we ignore the obvious? how long are you going
                      to allow this costly farce to continue? free the west!
douglas h. christie,
                      leader, western canada concept
december 5, 2008

all the king's horses and
                      all the king's men...

our
                      friend kevin
                      michael grace has allowed us to reprint his
                      october 16 vdare
                      article "canada's
                      national question: the answer is no,"
                      which not only predicted the current constitutional
                      turmoil but also demonstrates that, ultimately, it
                      matters not who prevails.

parliament hill: twilight for
                      canada
tuesday’s
                      results suggest a sure-fire winner in a most
                      boring headline contest: "little
                      change in canadian election." but
                      the big change in canadian politics remains gradual yet
                      ineluctable: the emerging answer to canada’s version of
                      the national
                      question: whether it can survive as a
                      nation-state, the particular expression of a particular
                      people. canada as a single polity—a
                      mari usque ad mare
(from sea to sea) as it
                      says on canada's coat
                      of arms—is
                      doomed. 
admittedly,
                      its dissolution is taking longer than i predicted in this
                      space two years ago. (in my
                      defence, i hadn’t
                      counted on quebec’s separatist
                      parti québécois
                      choosing an
                      openly homosexual coke-sniffer for its
                      leader. guess how that worked
                      out.) but now more than ever, canada is not
                      a nation (with one caveat, of which more later). neither
                      is it a "community
                      of communities," as former pm joe
                      clark once claimed.
                      no, canada is an ongoing blackmail/bribery scheme, a mere
                      political contrivance, a conglomeration of seven
                      increasingly dissimilar and fractious regions—newfoundland,
                      the maritimes (new brunswick, nova scotia, prince edward
                      island), quebec,
                      ontario, the prairies (manitoba, saskatchewan, alberta),
                      british columbia and the arctic (yukon, northwest
                      territories, nunavut).
and
                      if that weren’t enough, our three largest cities,
                      vancouver, toronto
                      and montreal, will soon be majority "visible
                      minority,"
                      in a country where over 80% of the population remain
                      members of the barely-tolerated white majority.
stephen
                      harper’s conservative party was re-elected to another
                      minority government tuesday. the numbers:


conservatives
                          143 (of 308 seats, 12 short of a majority), up 19;
                          popular vote 37.6%, up 1.3%

liberals
                          76, down 23; 26.2%, down 4.0%

new
                          democratic party 37, up 8; 18.2%, up .8%

bloc
                          québécois 50 (of 75), down 1; 10.0%, down .5%

green
                          party 0, same; 6.8%, up 2.3%

independents
                          2, up 1

newfoundland
                      (seven seats) dumped its three conservatives, because
                      premier danny williams demanded it. williams hates stephen
                      harper because he won’t let the province keep all its
                      newfound oil royalties and continue to grab its eternal annual fortune in transfer payments
                      in recognition of its have-not status.
the
                      maritime provinces (25 seats), despite their history of
                      selling their seats to the highest bidder, elected a bare
                      plurality of liberals, and the plunge in the liberal
                      popular vote presaged a disastrous showing country-wide.
                      given local jealousies, it is entirely possible maritimers
                      voted against williams, who is remarkably arrogant for a
                      man who leads a province where barely half the population
                      (51%) holds
                      a job.
as
                      its leader gilles duceppe boasted, the bloc took a
                      majority of quebec seats for the sixth straight election.
                      politically, quebec (75 seats) has already left canada.
the
                      liberal party did not win a single seat in francophone
                      quebec, a complete change from the days of pierre trudeau,
                      suggesting that the party’s historic raison
                      d’être has disappeared. the
                      conservatives, however, gained no seats in quebec, despite
                      harper’s unprecedented pandering: giving the province
                      (now only 22% of canada’s population) its own seat in
                      unesco, guaranteeing it a permanent duopoly in the agency
                      that regulates the broadcast media, offering it a separate
                      criminal code (blatantly unconstitutional) and compelling
                      his party to recognize quebec as a "nation"
                      in the house of commons.
of
                      course, francophone quebec is a nation, albeit without a state—it’s
                      the caveat i mentioned earlier. but equally recognizing
                      english canada as a "nation" would be unthinkable.
                      that would be divisive, even racist. peter
                      brimelow declared back
                      in 1986 in the
                      patriot game, the real
                      question for english canada is not whether
                      quebec should separate—but
                      whether
                      it should be expelled. (since he wrote, of
                      course, this is exactly what the czechs
                      did to the slovaks).
the
                      conservatives made their largest gains in ontario,
                      canada’s most populous province (106 seats). the
                      liberals were reduced to their ethnic redoubt of toronto,
                      ontario’s largest city. my friend jay currie has dubbed
                      the liberals "the
                      toronto party". but "the
                      immigrant party" is closer to the truth. between
                      toronto and montreal, their other ethnic redoubt, the
                      liberals garnered 41 (54%) of their total seats.
the
                      liberals were almost wiped out on the prairies, taking two
                      of 56 seats. leader stéphane dion’s climate-change
                      "green shift" (think al gore with carte blanche) succeeded only in shifting liberal votes everywhere
                      else. and
                      the liberals did almost as badly in british columbia (32
                      seats), taking only five and running behind the green
                      party in no fewer than 10.
dion
                      was the big loser on tuesday. he is easily the worst liberal
                      leader of my lifetime. a peevish academic,
                      he manages to be both effete and epicene. his own people
                      despise him, and his obstinate
                      refusal to master english—despite
                      spending a year at brookings
in washington—made
                      him an obvious non-starter in english canada. his party is
                      broke and crippled by internecine feuding.
but
                      conservative leader harper was not a big winner. for the
                      third time in a row, he failed to win the majority that
                      seemingly should have been his for the asking. why not?
                      well, it’s not simply that he rejects the sailer
                      strategy; it’s more that he’s the anti-sailer
                      candidate. harper is a bush clone, an
                      unrepentant neocon whose only known enthusiasms are israel
                      and american global hegemony. like bush, he has worked
                      assiduously to attenuate the conservative base. his ethnic
                      pandering reached a new low: apologizing (and paying
                      redress for) the chinese
head tax, which ended
                      in 1923; apologizing for turning back a
                      boatload of sikhs
                      (in 1914!);
                      promising even-higher immigrant levels, even as the
                      proportion of skilled immigrants falls to 17.5% of the
                      total; promising to force the provinces to recognize immigrant
                      medical and other credentials; standing
                      foursquare behind canada’s
                      totalitarian "hate
                      speech" law. 
harper’s
                      immigration
                      enthusiasm certainly hurt him in quebec.
                      harper’s ethnic capo,
                      junior immigration minister jason kenney, condemned the
                      bloc for sending "dog-whistle
                      messages" to those who "are against the growing
                      ethno-cultural diversity in greater
                      montreal in particular and quebec
                      in general." [bq
                      desperate, tory minister says playing to xenophobia,
                      intolerance,
                      by elizabeth thompson, montreal
                      gazette, september 17, 2008] but the benighted group
                      who responded to the whistles plainly includes the entire
                      french-speaking nation in the province.
but
                      perhaps even embracing the sailer strategy in anglophone
                      canada wouldn’t have been sufficient. the canadian "national
                      question" is peculiarly complex. kenney’s faux
                      pas reveals the impossibility of the task harper—or
                      any federal party leader—faces
                      in the confederation of regions that is canada. he cannot
                      both suck up to immigrants and appeal to a quebec that is openly
                      rejecting multiculturalism. he cannot stand
                      as the champion of the west while continuing to shovel unearned
                      billions to feed the inexhaustible
                      appetites of the east. he cannot claim to stand for
                      "unity" while insisting that one linguistic
                      group gets to be a "nation," while the other
                      gets to pretend it doesn’t exist.
canada
                      is a political
                      circle that can’t be squared. the
                      people(s) of canada are coming to realize it. on tuesday,
                      voter turnout reached an all-time low of 59%. the
                      reckoning is soon at hand.
december
                      5, 2008

western separatist
                      papers now online

the
                      western separatist papers, the official newsletter
                      of the wcc since 1983, are now posted here.
                      inside, you'll find political commentaries from our leader
                      doug christie, as well as the facts you'll need to embrace
                      the cause of western independence —
                      if you haven't already! 

december 4, 2008


old world wisdom

michaëlle
                      jean, our peripatetic governor general, rushed
                      back to canada wednesday to deal with the
                      constitutional crisis fomented by the creation of stephane
                      dion's liberal-socialist-sovereigntist coalition. the gg
                      was forced to cut short her trip to hungary, the czech
                      republic, slovakia
                      and slovenia.
                      what's significant about this? well, the latter three
                      nations did not exist as independent countries 20 years
                      ago. slovenia left yugoslavia after a referendum,
                      and czechoslovakia split after the velvet
                      divorce. before independence, they
                      languished as provinces of the austro-hungarian empire and
                      then as slaves of the communist empire. today, they are
                      free, peaceful and prosperous. so, whenever anyone tells
                      you it's "preposterous" that the four provinces
                      of western canada could ever be free, give them a history
                      lesson.


jean in prague: back from the
                      future

december 3, 2008


doug christie in the western
                      standard

western
                      canada concept leader doug christie was interviewed monday
                      by matthew johnston of the western standard. you
                      can read the interview here.
                      and while you're at the site, be sure to check the ws's
                      2005 poll, which revealed that 36% of
                      westerners thought we "should begin to explore the
                      idea of forming their own country." we suspect that
                      after the events of the last week, 36% might be a trifle
                      low.

december 3, 2008


let's be friends


the
                      western canada concept and the western block party now
                      have a facebook page, which you can see here.
                      we're not exactly sure what facebook
                      is, but we're told it's madly popular among the younger
                      folk. seriously though, this site gives you the
                      opportunity to connect with other members and to post your
                      thoughts on western separatism.
december
                      3, 2008

don't resign, join the
                      western block!

a
                      rumour
                      swept  ottawa
                      today that possibly dozens of conservative mps
                      (overwhelmingly from the west, one supposes) are
                      considering resigning their seats in protest against the
                      liberal-socialist-sovereigntist coalition. this would
                      force by-elections that would presumably demonstrate the
                      depth of western anger at stephane
                      dion becoming prime minister. but here's a better idea —
                      resign from the conservative caucus
                      instead and sit as western block party mps! if you resign
                      and are re-elected, you'll still be conservatives, still
                      beholden to the electoral power of quebec and ontario. you
                      have nothing to lose but your chains!
the
                      bloc quebecois was formed
                      out of the depths of quebecois anger after the defeat of
                      the meech
                      lake accord in 1990. the new party swept
                      quebec three years later, and today stephane dion's
                      would-be coalition could not survive without it. the
                      looming payoffs to quebec if dion takes power can only be
                      imagined. there is a tide in the affairs of men / which,
                      taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. come on tory mps,
                      it's time to get your feet wet. 

coalition capos: two
                      quebecois and an ontarian: quelle surprise!
december 2, 2008



                      an urgent message from the leader of the wcc

i
                      have had a number of inquiries from a number of people
                      obviously concerned about the political crisis in ottawa.
                      this, in my opinion, is the logical outcome of a
                      fundamentally flawed system. there is no way to rectify
                      the problems that the ottawa government has created and it
                      is a waste of time for western canadians to continue to
                      pour tax dollars into a corrupt and bankrupt system.
                      therefore, to those of you who are dismayed or concerned
                      by what is going in ottawa, i strongly urge you to do the
                      following: 

join
                          the western block party; 


gather
                          a group of westerners who believe that western canada
                          as an independent nation is a better option; 


form
                          a western block constituency association and hold
                          meetings to discuss what should be done in your area;


once
                          sufficient numbers appear to exist, see if you can
                          contact us to arrange a meeting in a central location
                          with a number of others in your area, so that we can
                          have a successful public meeting to discuss these
                          matters and i can answer any questions you may have at
                          that time.

if
                      you have any other intervening questions, i would be happy
                      to address them by email.
the
                      worst thing that can happen in this situation is to do
                      nothing. western canadians have done nothing for far too
                      long, and merely complaining about the problem does not
                      accomplish the solution. the independence of western
                      canada is the only viable political solution to an
                      unbalanced federal system which favours quebec and ontario
                      and has consistently plundered western resources. if you
                      have any doubt about this, ask yourself what happens to
                      the canadian dollar when the price of oil goes down?
we
                      at the western block party look forward to communicating
                      on a one-to-one basis, but with the volume of material
                      arriving by email, it has been made necessary to draft a
                      standard form answer. this does not mean that i am unaware
                      or have not read the emails you have sent, but they all
                      seem to reflect a common theme: the frustration and
                      confusion of western canadians. 
i
                      am one person who has consistently advocated independence
                      for western canada since 1974. i am the one person who has
                      consistently explained it in a rational manner and brought
                      it to the attention of western canadians through public
                      meetings and discourse. my goal is to make sure that each
                      of you do not allow your frustrations to fall back into
                      apathy as has happened many times. unique and different
                      perspectives of each western canadian as to why we feel
                      the frustrations we do, must surely not allow us to be
                      divided and conquered once again. for once, let us unite
                      in forming the one true alternative in the nation of
                      western canada which we all can look upon with pride as an
                      accomplishment of our generation, rather than curse the
                      darkness created by previous generations of incompetent
                      politicians. 
thank
                      you for your support and attention. please keep in mind
                      that unless your support manifests itself in some sort of
                      monetary assistance, this exchange of information could
                      amount to nothing but the ventilation of frustration. we
                      cannot allow this moment of understanding to pass without
                      concrete, constructive, lawful, political action. 
yours
                      for the independence of western canada, 
                      douglas h. christie
                      december 2, 2008


                      sign the petition to vote for independence!

please click here, then print and photocopy our petition (back and front on one
                      piece of paper to keep it unified). then get it filled out
                      by 10 of your friends and pass on a
                      blank petition form to each of them for their similar
                      effort. then mail it to us at


                    western canada concept
                    box 101
                    255 menzies street
                    victoria, bc
                    western canada
                    v8v 2g6
keep
                      a record a record of the names for future contact and
                      constituency organization.
when
                      we have 100,000 signatures from each province, we will
                      deliver them to the premiers of british columbia, alberta,
                      saskatchewan and manitoba with the request for
                      referendums. how fast can you do this? remember that 
                      donations to
                      the western canada concept will enable us to
                      expand our efforts and move faster to make the new nation
                      of western canada a political reality.

the
                      comic opera called canada—a separatist's complaint
                      by douglas h. christie
the
                      pure venality of the pigs at the trough is hard to take.
                      one gets the same impression of the squealing of the
                      liberals, ndp and bloc quebecois when they see a move to
                      cut their party off from public funds. party donations
                      should be neither
                      publicly funded, limited or tax deductible. if a few rich
                      people could fund a party, many not so rich could still do
                      better, as did obama. the regulation of party funding is
                      equivalent to strangulation by bureaucracy for anyone who
                      knows what difficulty party funding regulations create.
so
                      having suffered losses in the last election, the three by
                      linking arms plan to take over the government, which the
                      people in the voting denied them. out of the darkness
                      (literally and figuratively) comes ed broadbent and jean
                      chretien both maneuvering for new power. only in a comic
                      opera would two such macabre figures have a chance. but
                      they do in canada. they could take over the country.
the
                      elected party “leader” with the largest numbers backs
                      down from a fight with the three cripples for fear the
                      result would be loss of position. he cannot call their
                      bluff because deep down he knows he too is bluffing and he
                      likes his position. it’s really a battle of four
                      cripples—four moral cripples—three against one. the
                      result is survival of the mediocre and the restoration of
                      the status quo. disaster in the microcosm—the world
                      economic collapse—mirrors disaster in the microcosm, the
                      mad world of canadian politics. do you not think western
                      canadians could do better?
referendum,
                      initiative and recall (direct democracy) would reduce the
                      powers of these petty little people who strut and posture
                      in that gothic museum on the rideau. it seems obvious
                      their pretend fighting and real tax powers would be
                      meaningless if the people who pay them—the
                      taxpayers—had a routine, regular and constitutional
                      right to stop, control and redirect them. suddenly
                      democracy would have a real meaning and people would need
                      to become responsible and involved in the process. as
                      things stand, a 35-day public relations campaign, financed
                      by massive public expenditures, helps the people to choose
                      who is the better liar. their promises mean nothing. (gst
                      anyone?)
but
                      direct democracy is like holy water to a vampire for them.
                      heavens, how could people decide on complicated
                      legislation like we create? that’s the point—for those
                      that need them, the laws of canada are like a mystery
                      religion with an arcane language only the priesthood
                      (i.e., the lawyers who wrote them, argue them in court and
                      judge them) can understand. thus law never resembles
                      justice, and bureaucracy just grows with the tax bills.
the
                      canadian constitution fundamentally drawn in 1867
                      (notwithstanding the window dressing charter of 1982)
                      still gives all the political power to quebec and ontario.
                      it creates a senate all appointed by the prime minister of
                      the day, stacked in favour of quebec and ontario. the
                      prime minister still appoints all judges, heads of
                      commissions, ambassadors, consultants and a myriad of
                      sinecures. what a paradise of patronage and corruption for
                      the best liar in the country to enjoy.
naturally,
                      to support this massive hot air balloon we need cohesive
                      ethnic and social groups. they get the same patronage
                      grants and favours as the rest of the country, and in
                      exchange they influence in the “election” of one of
                      their number to run the government. support the
                      party—collect the cash. they get rewards if their team
                      wins, or they have to plot for better luck next time. in
                      ottawa, they call this democracy.
and
                      free speech—when we allow it to mean praise of canada
                      and its “tolerance,” just like the good, old soviet
                      days. for those who say “ethnic politics is taking over
                      the country”—such people need to be reeducated by
                      “dialogue facilitators” (as at queen’s university)
                      or maybe prosecuted as “hate” criminals. naturally,
                      our judges—duly trained in newspeak—can nuance the
                      words “reasonable limits as are demonstrably justifiable
                      in a free and democratic society” to punish the enemies
                      and reward the friends of the establishment. their
                      judgments can be monitored, and if that’s not enough the
                      judicial institute can reeducate them to reward the
                      compliant and sidetrack the non-compliant. only the
                      “educated” judges will ever reach the supreme court
                      where all the real power lies. “free speech is never
                      absolute!” keep driving that home. pretty soon you can
                      take the “absolute” out of that sentence.
that’s
                      canada, the comic opera country. but unlike gilbert and
                      sullivan, there really isn’t a happy ending. more like a
                      farce with a tragic ending. of the many noble men and
                      women who tried to make the system work fairly and justice
                      possible, a hostile bureaucracy will squash them like
                      bugs. the taxes required to recycle incompetence will keep
                      the slaves on the treadmill until they drop, wondering
                      what happened to the country they were born in and thought
                      they could leave to their children intact.
western
                      separatism presents the only viable option. each province
                      under the clarity act
                      has a legal right to separate with a “clear question”
                      and a “clear majority” in a referendum. each
                      provincial government can put the question to their people
                      at any time they choose. our goal is to raise awareness of
                      this option and deliver 100,000 names on a petition for
                      independence to the premiers of each western province. we
                      can create a new nation with one government with sovereign
                      authority, a triple e senate, where all provinces have
                      equal power and the rights of referendum, initiative and
                      recall to give people the power to decide issues between
                      elections and bind the legislature to their decisions. the
                      opportunities to use modern technology to tap the
                      democratic will are endless and exciting, but canadians
                      are stuck with 19th-century chicanery.
the
                      federalist replies: western separatism, why that’s
                      radical, isn’t it? they would never be able to govern
                      themselves. they need our expertise in the fine art of
                      fraud to keep canada together, speaking all three official
                      languages. say it once in english, a different version in
                      french and, just in case, the third version in doubletalk.
                      the media—coast to coast to coast—all agree. if they
                      don’t, we in ottawa would take away their licences or
                      have our colonials in the provinces do it until they came
                      to their dubious senses (the media that is). thus western
                      separatism, that quaint notion of a new western canada,
                      with an elected senate and citizens power will never
                      emerge as a real option. we in ottawa can see to that. we
                      will ensure that our supply of western resource revenues
                      will enable us to bail out dead manufacturers in ontario.
                      we will distribute cheques to defeat quebec separatists.
                      brilliant really. get back to work and pay your taxes.
the
                      federalist elite in canada has always viewed the west as a
                      collection of knuckle-dragging, redneck idiots, good
                      cannon fodder for war, good taxpayers in peace.
                      federalists have always ensured that their representatives
                      were elected to fill all posts or were appointed to all
                      positions of authority even in western canada. we must not
                      say “the west wants in” anymore. we
                      want out. the petition for a referendum is the
                      means. we will deliver 100,000 signatures from each
                      province to each premier. we will ask you to join us in
                      building a separatist option in western canada. the
                      western block party is the only federally registered
                      separatist party and thus the only party that can issue
                      tax receipts for donations to the separatist cause. we ask
                      for your support in turning our goal into reality and
                      putting canada’s comic opera to an end—a happy end.
december 1, 2008



                      doug christie speaks: the western block party part 2



come back soon for more
                      youtube videos!


nomination news 

the western block party has
                      nominated patricia o'brien as its candidate in the bc
                      riding of saanich-gulf islands.


                      doug christie speaks: the western block party part 1



come back soon for more
                      youtube videos!


                      doug christie on western block party western tour 2008
                      (saskatoon, leduc, calgary, regina, august 1-6)

these small but vigorous meetings saw the appearance of many new and encouraging members. i realize that great movements depend on the events of history. but we are ahead of the events that are soon to come. the “green shift” will inevitably win support in ontario and quebec.
                      stéphane dion is well on his way to the return to power the liberals always make. there is a likely federal election in october or november. then a liberal majority is possible, and a liberal minority is likely. back to the same old game of ontario and quebec calling all the expenditures and raising western taxes. the national energy policy is a new form can and will repeat history. it will all be wrapped up in a green mask.

                      the new members of the western block party are the wave of the future. history will prove us right. i congratulate you on your brave and free decision to join the western block. together we can change the course of history and build a new nation on a firm and just foundation.

                      yours for independence,
                      douglas christie
                      leader
                      western block party

meet
                      the new (would be) boss, same as the old boss(as
                      the following article from 2001 demonstrates, the liberal
                      party has always been keen to stick it to the west. did
                      somebody say "green shift"?)
the west as spoiled teenager
                      chretien adds insult to injury by saying the region that rejected him needs 'tough love' 
                      kevin michael grace
the report
                      january 21, 2001
if jean chretien and western canada were a couple and had a song, it would be the crystals' "he hit me (and it felt like a kiss)." as that oldie but goodie explains, "he couldn't stand to hear me say/that i'd been with someone new." western canadian voters have been with someone new--the canadian alliance--and demon lover chretien knows just what they need: "cause when he took me in his arms/with all the tenderness there is/he hit me, and he made me feel/baby won't you stay..." 

                      asked during a global tv interview december 22 why the liberals had won only 17 seats in the west, mr. chretien replied, "you have to realize that when you vote [for] a national government, you vote to deal with the national problems and not always look only from a local perspective but look at it on the national perspective. i used the 'tough love' theory in quebec and i still have a lot of scars on my political body for that, but i've been persistent and we managed to have 4.5% more in the popular vote." 

                      mr. chretien had hit the west, but it didn't feel like a kiss. the west was thinking about calling the battered spouse hotline. within the last six months, mr. chretien had declared that he did not like working with westerners because they are "different." after all, they supported the alliance, which mr. chretien and liberal cabinet minister elinor caplan had compared to neo-nazis. 

                      a parental help web site explains: "the concept of responsible parental love has been developed by phyllis and david york in their publication
                       toughlove: a self-help manual for parents troubled by teen-age
                      behavior. it represents a firm, caring solution for families torn apart by completely unacceptable and 'acting-out' behavior...'tough' love means giving teens clear-cut rules and reasonable limits and expecting them to abide by them." so westerners are the stupefied adolescents of the canadian family: sulking in their basement, refusing to do chores, mooching off hard-working parents and "acting out" with swastika tattoos. 

                      westerners have reacted to macho mr. chretien with bemusement. canada west foundation president roger gibbins comments, "it's a very odd concept to apply to the west. i interpret tough love in quebec as the tough part being hard on constitutional issues, like the clarity act, accompanied by very significant financial infusions, which is the love part. in the west there's no particular cry for special economic benefits and no inclination that the federal government would move in that direction." 

                      national citizens' coalition president stephen harper responds, "i think chretien just doesn't care. you've got to remember that west of winnipeg the ridings the liberals hold are dominated by people who are either recent asian immigrants or recent migrants from eastern canada: people who live in ghettoes and who are not integrated into western canadian society." 

                      it is expected that intergovernmental affairs minister stephane dion will reprise the tough love capo role he played to mr. chretien's satisfaction in his home province of quebec, and will begin lecturing the west about federalism's myriad benefits. mr. harper argues, "it almost confirms the argument that ottawa treats western canada as a foreign country. now we have an ambassador! our representative is not somebody from here; it's somebody from there." 

                      university of calgary political science professor thomas flanagan says, "if dion actually attempts to do this--coming out here to tell us that we are heavily taxed so that quebec can get large transfer payments--it will make things worse. but my concern is not so much that we might have to endure some lectures but that if we are moving into a recession, if the government is strapped for money again, they're going to come looking for it in the west." 

                      international trade agreements rule out another national energy program, but there are other ways to gut the western cat. last year's row between then-newfoundland premier (now industry minister) brian tobin and alberta premier ralph klein revealed that the atlantic premiers think alberta insufficiently "sharing." in other words, the net transfer of $3,000 every alberta man, woman and child pays every year is not enough. alberta intergovernmental affairs minister shirley mcclellan does not rule out her province's participation in any such talks. "alberta has always believed in a strong and united canada, in a federalism that works. we have tried to work hard with mr. dion to see that our position is clearly understood. we've supported equalization and never complained, but we want our constitutional rights respected, and we want fairness." 

                      b.c. premier-in-waiting gordon campbell takes a harder line. "the b.c. liberal party has a responsibility to the people of b.c. to speak up for our province and say what's best for it," he says. "shipping billions to federal coffers and getting $13.4 million back--that's not the way confederation should work." he argues that b.c. and alberta should "speak with a strong and united western voice" and advises the atlantic provinces to "reflect on the successes they've seen in alberta." 

                      alliance mp rob anders contends it is insane for mr. chretien to facilitate albertans learning how much they give to ottawa--and not just in equalization: "we're no drug addicts. if what we were getting before was called love, and whatever we are going to get afterwards is going to be called tough, i think chretien may be sowing the seeds of western separation." 

                      edmontonian matthew johnston, president of teaching liberty, inc., says, "tough love? i think it's great; i think it will help push alberta out of confederation. the only way we're going to scale back the size and scope of government is by being an independent nation. i think the political culture of alberta is conducive to a vision of limited government and individual freedom not shared by the rest of the country." mr. johnston adds, "i don't want to leave the impression that i oppose or support the existing political efforts to secede. my goal is to work with others to build an intellectual movement." 

vancouver sun columnist barbara jaffe is worried by such talk. she concluded in a january 5 column, "as someone who grew up with the separatist movement and ultimately left quebec in large measure because of it, i can only warn in the strongest terms possible against a similar strategy for the west." but then, she's from somewhere else. 

the necessity of western
                      separatism

                      never has there been a time when western separatism was more necessary. yet there has never been a time when the federal government has been more successful than now at convincing westerners than it was not. the necessity arises out of the conflicting economy between the west and ontario. ontario, where all the manufacturing of canada has been traditionally subsidized to keep the liberals in power, faces deep layoffs. they are so dependent on both federal subsidies of one kind or another and the american market, that they were doomed with america’s decline. the west, on the other hand, is a resource-based economy, and its commodities are now in intense worldwide demand. from oil to water, to wheat, to wood fibre and all the minerals, the west has an abundant surplus. uranium, the source of clean energy, is a new market demand. saskatchewan and alberta are booming. the need to equalize the western surplus with the ontario deficit has never been greater, what with oil approaching $1.50 per barrel.
then we look at the political reality, and we are astonished. the so-called conservatives having reneged on their electoral promises—from scrapping the gun registry to a triple e senate—have all but capitulated to ontario and quebec. just like the liberals, but unlike the liberals they are not faced with a revolt in the west. they are perceived as a western canadian party with a western leader. after maxime bernier misplaced his documents, no westerner could take his place. it was another quebecker as a matter of necessity. mr. harper must consistently cater to quebec and ontario. so equalization in the west pays, and the east benefits. the conservatives have even enhanced equalization. in short, everything necessary to win quebec and ontario can be done and must be done. the west simply says nothing. were all the concessions made by a liberal from quebec or ontario, the west would be alive with outrage.
maybe the federalists would be more effective with a western leader who acted as the west’s false friend. someone you trust, who speaks your language, knows your heart and pretends to assist you. stephen harper is that false friend.
false friends can also readily confuse allegiances and loyalties. this is the evident state of our own western political scene. the green party, which claims to love the earth (maybe more than people), is gaining strength. the basic reason is the absence of real clarity on the issues brought about by the false labelling of political parties. the conservatives aren’t conservative; the liberals aren’t liberal; the greens aren’t green; and the ndp are against them all. it appears confusion reigns over all.
the sea change will happen when mr. obama is elected president of the united states. then we will see the american empire in full retreat and the collapse of american hegemony around the world. ontario’s situation will go from serious to critical and demands for money and assistance in a multicultural chaos will emerge from toronto and with the right “conservative” leader the west will pay again for national unity.
at times like these it is the media that makes the difference. the media generally follows the trend of popular opinion, particularly when the popular will is moved by a groundswell of support. it is clear that the establishment did not favour mr. obama. the canadian establishment to which mr. harper must bow demands aid for ontario and quebec.
my conclusion of this analysis is as follows:
1. just as mr. obama defied the expectations of the establishment, mr. harper will fail by satisfying the expectations of the establishment.
2. the success of the federal conservatives has demonstrated both canada’s failure as a cohesive nation as well as the futility of federalist politics to achieve the old reform party goal of “the west wants in.”
3. we can see how ottawa has corrupted the conservative party by its constant need to compromise.
4. separation is the only way to overcome the corruption of ottawa.
5. the western block party has the capability to solve all these problems by bringing western canadians together in one movement to create the awareness of the need for a new nation and the rational climate to create it.








this
                      website is under construction. expect a new and completely
                      revamped site soon




 viewmy stats

what is
                    the wcc?
a summary
faq
principles and goals
douglas christie
                    benefits by sector
wcc
                    library
western
                    separatist papers
history
                    of the wcc
why independence?
101 reasons
recommended reading
westcan gallery
your
                    turn!
join
                    or contribute
independence
                    petition



 










.......





 



