










home | idaho falls arts council













































skip to main content













idaho falls arts council




menu






shows


venues


about


support










                        calendar
                    


                        donate
                    







search the site








expand search
















upcoming events








                                    see all events
                                


                                    2024-2025 season shows
                                








current exhibitions











                                    current exhibition season
                                


                                    past exhibitions
                                



















community events 


                                    river concert series
                                


                                    idaho falls art walk
                                


                                    planet arts
                                


                                    planet glee
                                


                                    public art
                                


                                    wac studios
                                


                                    colonial uncorked
                                


























artitorium 


                                                                more info



                                                                view events


















frontier center 


                                                                more info
                                                            


                                                                view events
                                                            

















colonial theater 


                                                                more info
                                                            


                                                                view events
                                                            

















willard arts center 


                                                                more info
                                                            


                                                                view events
                                                            




























about the idaho falls arts council

since its founding in 1990, the idaho falls arts council has committed to hosting an array of events, arts, performances, and venues to feature local and international talent within idaho falls and its surrounding areas. now consisting of the willard arts center, the historic colonial theater, the artitorium, and the civic center, these settings provide the means to have an annual impact of $2.7 million on the local community in the form of art galleries, 10 - 16 mainstage shows, 8 visual arts exhibitions, and community events all year long. the continued support of its staff members and volunteers accommodate the thousands of individuals who partake in the local arts community.




                                        learn more
                                    



















our story














past performances














photo shoot guidelines














caterers














contact us














support








support the idaho falls arts council get involved or attend an event 


                                    become a member
                                


                                    volunteer
                                


                                    become a sponsor
                                


                                    colonial uncorked
                                



























community is at the heart of the idaho falls arts council

created by the community to help make a place where people want to live. we welcome all and strive to have something for everyone.




                                        current season supporters
                                    



















become a member














volunteer














become a sponsor














colonial uncorked














purchase a gift certificate














donate




























colonial theater. willard arts center. artitorium on broadway.













scroll











welcome to the idaho falls arts council
our mission, in cooperation with other arts organizations, is to educate our community and enrich its quality of life by promoting, advocating, and presenting a broad spectrum of visual and performing arts in eastern idaho. the idaho falls arts council is a private nonprofit organization which owns and operates the willard arts center, the colonial theater, and artitorium on broadway, and provides administrative services for the frontier center for the performing arts








sign up



                                    current season supporters
                                




















thank you to our sponsors for the 2024-2025 season!









for regional information, please visit: 

media partners:









colonial theaterwillard arts center
450 a streetidaho falls, id 83402







artitorium on broadway

271 broadwayidaho falls, id 83402(208)552-1080 







administrative office

498 a streetidaho falls, id 83402(208)522-0471














































1-833-561-2243 is the official idaho falls arts council communication channel.
customer (ifac) has the express written consent to contact the recipients of marketing, promotional and advertising materials; and is responsible for informing donors, supporters, administrators, and fundraisers that by using fundraising software systems, they may be contacted via phone or text message for fundraising activities and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless onecause with regard to these representations.  
upon receiving texts from onecause, patrons have the ability to stop.











© 2025 
job opportunities
annual reports
sign up
sitemap

powered by manwaring web solutions










back to top















