







sava toons home inspections






























                            
                        sava toons home inspections                                
                    


complete home inspections
blog
contact us
disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use













 complete home inspections 


quality home inspections begin with inspectors who can communicate with buyers in a way that they understand, both verbally and through the written report.
inspection services
the professional inspection of a home is extremely important, particularly since the investment made in a home is usually the largest investment that people make. in order to protect your investment, the inspectors will provide an overall home assessment, a visual roof-to-foundation inspection.
your report
no house is perfect. if the inspector finds problems, that does not mean that you should not buy the house; what it means is that you will now know that it will be necessary to fix. if your budget is limited, or you do not want to be involved with future repairs, the information gained by the inspector will be very important. when you find major repairs, the report will help you and your agent in the process make a decision.
our reports are simple, easy to understand and contain photographs of components that need repair. we will give you an initial report via email. if you want a copy of the written report, we will give it to you at no additional cost.
how much will the inspection cost?
the cost of inspection for a family home varies by geographic location, as is often the case with the home itself. within a given area, the cost of the inspection may vary depending on factors such as the size of the house, how old it is, or the kinds of service you may need such as radon, mold, lead, or tests for volatile organic compounds (voc).
do not allow this cost to affect your decision to have an inspection or not. the sense of security and what you get to know through inspection certainly worth it, also remember that a low cost inspection does not necessarily indicate that it is an offer.
why cannot i do the inspection myself?
even the most experienced owner does not have the knowledge and experience that a professional home inspector does. an inspector is familiar with the elements that make up a home, its proper installation, maintenance and home security. he or she understands well how the systems and components work together, like why they fail.
above all, most buyers cannot remain objective or emotionally detached from the home they want, which can affect their judgment and decision. in order to have an informed and impartial opinion it is best to have the opinion of a professional in the field of home inspection.
what to expect from the evaluation
a professional home inspection is an examination of the current condition of the home. it is not an evaluation of the value of the house, nor a municipal inspection, which determines whether the codes or rules are being followed. a home inspector does not make a home pass or not, rather it describes their physical condition and indicates which components and systems need major repair or replacement.











search for:



  recent posts 

home structural inspection and water leakage


home inspection


home inspection: what to expect and what to inspect


home inspection reports


home inspection overview









  






                        
						copyright sava toons home inspections 2025 | theme by theme in progress |  
                        
                        	proudly powered by wordpress



















