



hk house of peers















(the house of lords is the second chamber of the british houses of
              parliament. members of the house of lords are known as 'peers.')















 
 




hk house of peers
hop overview
hk hop news
hop officers
hop fund raising
welcome! by noel wiggins
hop makes its debut!
    may 25, 1999
hk hop events
calendar of events
hk mardi gras -
    new orleans, la
hk celebrations -
    united kingdom
high rollers harmony kingdom reunion -
    las vegas, nv
southern comforts - atlanta, ga
fire & ice - skokie, il
passport to the kingdom - newport, ri
pirates of the kingdom - orlando, fl
hk corral - phoenix, az
harmonyville -
    seattle, wa
let freedom ring! - philadelphia, pa
hk hop charity
hop charity
hnw & the oregon zoo foundation
jo ann murdoch
    charity auction
hk hop clubs
hop bylaws
authorized independent club guidelines
club history
independent clubs
 atlantic kingdom addicts
 harmony florida suncoast collectors club
 harmony in the heartland
 lone star harmony
 puget sound harmony kingdom collectors
 purrfect harmony
 sonoran harmony
 treasure jest seekers
(uk)
 tri-state kingdom collectors club






 



 




 

â© 1999-2025 hk house of peers. all rights reserved.
 







 










 









lifting the lid on harmony kingdom
                             
                            a harmony kingdom uk video
                            by master carver peter calvesbert
                            and andrea calvesbert

(click on the logo at the top of their page if the video doesn't start) or




a harmony kingdom uk
                            treasure jest released august 2024



 


the hk house of peers and harmony kingdom uk were delighted to host the 2018 joint reunion!






 
2015 was the year of celebration!
                             


pete and andrea celebrated their 20th wedding anniversary
and
                                the 1995 introduction of harmony kingdom






 


2012 harmony kingdom announcement




 
                                after nearly 20 years, noel and lisa are handing over the harmony kingdom reins to the one person who has their complete trust and admiration – peter calvesbert. back in 1990, peter and martin started what would become a booming box figurine craze. when they became acquainted with them in 1994, it was peter's extraordinary talent that inspired them to create harmony kingdom. and over two decades, peter has never once let them down. they will very much miss working with him, but they know that he, and his wife andrea, will steward the collection with the utmost care and creativity, and they so look forward to seeing the interesting directions they take.
                                 




the harmony kingdom uk website is live at [www.harmonykingdom-uk.com]. harmony ball company will maintain harmony kingdom [www.harmonykingdom.com] as an archive site.




 



to associate with other like-minded people in small, purposeful groups is for the great majority of men and women a source of profound psychological satisfaction. exclusiveness will add to the pleasure of being several, but at one; and secrecy will intensify it almost to ecstasy.
— aldous huxley
                               






hk hop news 
hk hop events 
 calendar of events
hk hop charity 



 







harmony kingdom's authorized independent clubs aren't secret societies, but they are a source of great pleasure and sometimes even ecstasy for fans of harmony kingdom. each club is organized and run by individual collectors and, as such, are all unique. yet they do have one thing in common—members are all fascinated by harmony kingdom box figurines and enjoy discovering their hidden secrets. in addition to a shared interest in harmony kingdom, the clubs are deeply involved in charitable activities and many provide informative newsletters and organize fun social events. each authorized independent club elects a delegate to the hk house of peers—the central council that acts as liaison between the independent clubs and harmony kingdom.
please check the listing for the club nearest you. many clubs accept members from out-of-state and offer long-distance benefits. or you may decide to form your own independent club. guidelines for receiving official sanctioning from harmony kingdom are listed under independent club guidelines.
harmony kingdom's authorized independent clubs are a great way to meet like-minded folks, develop friendship participate in meaningful charitable activities, receive special offers, invitations and pieces, and have some fun. join today!


               



[hk uk home][hk/hop club guidelines] [hk home]





[hop home] [news] [events] [charity] [clubs]



            revised: february 1, 2025all images and content â© 2025 hk house of peers. all rights reserved.
unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
please send questions and comments to: [webmaster@houseofpeers.com].
 




