


beau productions  - award winning - historical- golf swings - legends - collectables - novelty cards - free stuff











 













beau productions historical websites historical web sites favorite fan website since 1998 



google translation



english
german
french
italian
portuguese
japanese
chinese
korean
spanish











defying the odds home pagedefying the odds page two  ray's sport videos 
 ray's world long drive championships 
united states senior long drive championships2007 world long drive championship 
ray's personal golf site
golfswings 100+ professional golf swings
ray's personal slideshow
beauproductions main site
beau productions historical cards



 we create historical entertainment fun websites -  free downloads western legends - golf legends - baseball legends digital downloads - trading cards and a lot more our web sites are not only historical and informational but also very entertaining and beautifully designed with images and videos.  over 400 individually created, exceptionally unique websites developed for your entertainment. see our  all our multimedia  sites below!  all are fun and  free - click images 



frankenstein 
 dracula wolfman 

barack obama yes we can44th president of the united states


wild bill hickok western legenddead man's hand 

geronimo apache warrior 
 

wyatt earptombstone 1881

tiger woods - golf swing  
barry bonds power surge 
muhammad alii am tne greatest 
beep the legengary roadrunner of coyote lakes, surprise, az america's favorite roadrunner 
emmitt smith nfl leading rusher of all time

marilyn monroe
elvis presley the king of rock and roll

siamese fighting fishbeautiful betta website   beautiful goldfish
steve griffith's tip of the day
ray beaufait against all oddsseniorolympicsthe amazingleon gunner 

a tribute tocelinedionbabe ruth hits number 60 in 1927.  great video created and narrated from old film clips.
 
united states senior long drive championshipsbeau productions historical trading cards - click here

home run legends - click here
man o' war won 20 of 21 races
phar lap australia's greatest racehorse of all time
secretariat triple crown winner 1973 comanche - famous war horse hero 
sgt reckless more than a horse she was a marine  custer's last stand
  king kong a love storythe greatest movie ever created? rocky colavito deserves to be in the hall of fame
   ray beaufait - golf world long drive finalist more coming soon
beau productions (bp) historical trading card collectable secretariat - triple crown legend cards if you are interested in our secretariat novelty trading cards (same as baseball cards) as shown below you may purchase on ebay for as little as $8.00 or less.   10% of the gross sales are donated to saint judes childrens hospital.click or tap images if interested

the derby 

the preakness 

the belmont 
triple crown legend 

click images above to get your secretariat - triple crown legends trading cards
below are other famous horses for your consideration also.

 

man o' war 

cigar 
phar lap 

citation 
seabiscuit
frankel
comanche
 flightline   
sergeant reckless

you can visit beau productions' historical secretariat website by clicking or tapping secretariat's image below.   visit secretariat's  triple crown website free


western legends - individual websiteseach legend website has it's story and a link to it's historical trading card.  i think you will find each site very entertaining and educational.


geronimo
wild bill hickok
wyatt earp 
davy crockett
doc holliday
calamity jane
billy the kid
john wesley hardin
general custer
crazy horse
bloody bill longley
comanche brave horse 
daniel boone
tombstone 1881
sitting bull


western legends historical collectable cards  if you are interested in our western legends historical cards (same as baseball cards) as shown below you may purchase on ebay for as little as $8.00 or less. click or tap on card images if interested
davy crockett-wild bill hickok-wyatt earp-geronimo-doc holliday


 

  
 
billy the kid-john w hardin-general custer-crazy horse-bloody bill 
 
 
 
 
       
         calamity jane - comanche - daniel boone - tombstone 1881 - sitting bull

 

 
click here:  get all 14 western legend cards discounted to less than half price.

 click here: to view all the beau productions historical cards on ebay's website.
 

       

 

 
 i doubt if any of beau productions' historical cards will ever reach mickey mantle's baseball card value of $5 million, but who knows?  they are exceptionally designed compared to most other cards. 


 creative ways to use our trading cards
most think of trading cards as baseball cards or game cards, but there are a lot more uses for our historical trading cards. they are perfect for  entertaining. it's a creative way to make your class, parties and meetings  stand out and impress students, customers, family and friends.  as unique gifts for your friends and relatives.educational tools
our historical trading cards are perfect to use as educational tools. this is a great way to make your class, meetings or parties more interactive or to provide the right amount of information for your class or presentation.  

kids will love to use our historical trading cards because of their high-quality features and collectible attributes. they love showing them off to their friends and families. adults love using our historical trading cards because of their nostalgic appeal. it brings them back to their childhood. 
not only are  our cards extremely attractive, but they're a great way to captivate attention.

most people associate trading cards with baseball cards, but cards are one of the best ways to draw an attention to your class, events or parties. friends, students and associates will be very receptive to our historical cards.
promotional  and fun tools for your party or events 
use trading cards to promote your brand, product, or services. it's an effective way to get attention and drive sales. not only are our historical trading cards a unique marketing technique, but they have collectible value. use our historical trading cards to advertise your website or online business. 
our historical trading cards are a great icebreaker at parties to interact with people they normally wouldn't talk to. they'll quickly become a huge hit at any type of  event. 
using trading cards is a creative way to highlight or introduce a new product or service.  they can be a fun way to grab the attention of your friends, family or customers.
our historical trading cards can be a great marketing tool to show support for a nonprofit or a fundraiser. they can be used as a creative thank you card. there are so many things you can do with our historical trading cards. giftsyou can surprise friends and family as holiday gifts.   our historical trading cards can be used as a creative gift for friends and family interested in all kinds of subjects from baseball to any other historical event.  it is hard to determine what the value of these cards will be years from now!


 now only $4.99 steve's golf ebook has sold over 5,000 plus copies.steve griffith is a former world long drive champion defeating the world's longest drivers in intense competition. steve also finished 2nd three times, once losing by one yard. during world long drive competitions steve has hit drives over 395 yards. steve competed against the longest hitters in the world which includes pga professionals, and is  a 15 time world long drive finalist.  steve recently competed in the first united states senior open long drive championships and finished 2nd.  his longest drive of the day was 345 yards.  how many 70 year olds do you know who can hit a golf ball 345 yards?  the price of this book is only $4.99 which is less than a sleeve of golf balls .  this book will improve your golf swing, a new sleeve of golf balls will not improve your golf swing.note:  long and straight golf is now sold in paperback and hardcover.









 beau productions home of  golf swings - health pages



table  of contents
defying the odds home pagedefying the odds page two  ray's sport videos 
 ray's world long drive championships 
united states senior long drive championships2007 world long drive championship 
ray's personal golf site
golfswings 100+ professional golf swings
ray's personal slideshow
beauproductions main site
beau productions historical cards














copyright   all rights reserved beau productions -  2001

top

























since 1998

page hit countersince 9/11/2022beau productions historical websites beaufait's (beautifully done) historical web sites favorite fan website since 1999 all beau productions websites are virus free and protected.  guaranteed!


