










superior buildings & carports, inc. - home





















facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+


american
  service
    770-943-2265
  nation-wide 



home sheds awnings carports steel buildings concrete work pricing contact us


home 

registered gov contractor
      dunns #06755458
      goods & service codes
      naics 321992 sic 3448
      
      psc 5410 fsc 5410
      37+ years 
    


superior buildings and carports, inc. - online store
*free delivery and installation in 48 states on metal carports and garages*
    notes: navigation bar is on the left. pictures are quick links. 
  up /down arrow keys allow easy page scrolling.

--> explore this site: 

1. metal carports
2. metal garages
3. prices
4. our most popular units
														--->(expanding menu)

4a. 12w x 21l x 9 lean to awning
4b. 18w x 21l x 5 $$ value carport
4c. 18w x 21l x 7 $$ value garage
4d. 24w x 25l x 9 classy car port
4e. 24w x 30l x 9 f-251 special
4f. 24w x 40l x 9 *mr. big* 4 car 
4g. 30w x 60l x 12 - 1800 sq ft
4h. 40w x 60l x 14 - commercial
4i. 42wx x 31l x 12 - metal barn


5. rv carports
6. awnings and lean to's
7. metal barns
8. color chart / info
9. how to concrete slab
10. rhino shelters
11. diy & dropped shipped kits
12. financing
13. sheds
14. portable buildings
15. georgia concrete contractors and grading
16. dealer info and links
17. outside links
18. insulation
19. testimonials
20. order info
21. order form
22. about us
23. contact us


h1
 
h2
 
h3

h4
 
h5
 
h6
 
h7
 
h8
 
h9
 
h10
 
h11

h12
 
h13

h14

h15

welcome to www.superiorportablebuildings.com, superior buildings and carports, inc. website.  you have located a company that strives to be a "cut above" or "superior" just like our name implies.  we provide metal carports and metal garages to most of the usa.  we sell and install some of the best metal buildings, horse barns, rv / motor home carports, dropped shipped rhino shelters, and sheds that you can find for sell anywhere.
     installation is included in the price on most metal carports, barns, lean tos and buildings. 
what makes us superior?
 well it could be our name!
management. owners have either honorable u.s. military veteran status or honorable law enforcement service.  this means you will get professional attitudes with right minded common sense. which could equal a better buying experience for you. 
customer service. most of our staff have been builders and can help address issues that you might not think about.
selection. large selection of different installed building product lines available on-line.
products. hand selected by us for "value", "service" and "quality".

 
you can expect to have installed products within three to six weeks from time of order depending on what type carport, metal garage or item that you buy and where you are located.  sometimes we get it there faster. 
our goal is to offer you the best value, quality, and type of product that is with-in your budget.  our company has been in business for over 37 years. 
h16
metal carports
h17
metal garages
h18
shooting shelter's

carports, metal buildings, garages, barns, lean tos, awnings and rv covers are pre-made at a factory based on how we set-up your order. they are custom made in the size, style and color you want.  we can get you something simple like an 18 wide x 21 long x 5 high value double metal carport or a decked out steel garage like our mr. big 24 wide x 41 long x 9 high.  
  
    most all steel products can be built on almost any surface from: 

asphalt
dirt pad
gravel area
concrete footing
concrete slab
concrete driveway
boat dock or deck *extra fees
steel shipping containers *call

if you intend to get a garage door in your building make sure the surface under the door is flat and level so that the garage door can close nicely.
    
custom made wood sheds, vinyl sheds and hardy plank sheds are custom-built on your site and available in north georgia only. you provide concrete blocks, concrete footings or a concrete floor for this type building to be built on. georgia sheds are delivered for free in a 5 county area. 
 another popular shed is a pre-built factory made aluminum portable building, which is delivered fully assembled on a truck and trailer.  in some cases we can provide these type units in other states through a local stocking dealer, check the dealer links on the navigation bar in the upper left of the screen. 
purchasing metal buildings and car ports from us is safe and easy.  a low down payment starts the order with the balance due at the time of installation.  you can use a visa or master card to pay your down payment or you can mail us a check or money order.  all portable buildings and dropped shipped carports / buildings are paid for in full at the time of the order.
    look at:
    eagle carports, 
    tnt carports, 
    coast to coast carports, 
    usa steel buildings, 
    american steel carports, 
    carolina garages, 
    tri-state carports, 
    superior buildings, rhino shelters, mdm shelters and more... 
free delivery and installation on metal garages and carports to alabama, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, michigan, mississippi, missouri, new mexico, new york, north / south carolina, oregon, tennessee, texas, virginia, washington and all the other lower 48 states.
in north georgia, we do all concrete work in house including new gravel parking areas, concrete footings, concrete driveways, building slabs and more.  if you live in another state and have questions on how to get your site ready for your new building be sure to see our 
    how to concrete slab page.
storage buildings are a quick way to add extra work space to your property.  we have a large selection of metal buildings and covers for sale, including portable storage buildings, wood barns, play-houses, run in shelters for livestock and more.  we are well known by avid outdoorsmen for our affordable rv carports and awnings.  a new roof will stop that water from leaking in or the sun from cooking your camper!
steel garages and carports are one of the most familiar type of metal storage buildings used by businesses and homeowners. the carports and garages come in different sizes, heights, styles and colors.  all our carports, awnings, lean tos, metal garages and steel barns are custom made based on standard sizes and engineering to give you a unique building that will protect your valuable items at an unbelievable affordable price.
we have affiliated shops located across the country in ga, fl, ia, ma, tx, tn, id, ar, nm, nc, oh, il, pa, ca, or, and va, in order to better serve you.
may god bless our country and our troops.
we are 100% american owned and operated.
 


sheds & storage

aluminum storage buildings
sheds

 


garages & carports

awnings / lean tos
steel carports
metal garages

 


buildings

large steel buildings
building kits

 



home
sheds
steel buildings
carports
garages
prices
contact

â© pending 2016 www.superiorportablebuildings.com





