









































classic center, ga | official website









 















skip to main content




















 














contact







buy tickets









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 





 












search







 
 
 


    about      events & tickets      book an event      akins ford arena      theatre      plan your visit  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 



















































  
 
 


























 








 
 
 









featured events










thursday, february 20 @ 6:00 p.m. 


stroll through classic galleries i & ii at the classic center on thursday, february 20, from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. during february's third thursday event, tour of the georgia music collections from 6:30-7:00 p.m. and 7:15-7:45 p.m. inside akins ford arena.			additional info...







athens on ice 2024-2025 season 


join us for athens on ice public ice skating at the 440 foundry pavilion. this fan-favorite activity is fun for the whole family!			read on... 







wednesday, february 19 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the columbus river dragons at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







sunday, february 23 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the blue ridge bobcats. buy tickets now!						read on...







friday, february 28 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







saturday, march 1 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







sunday, march 2 @ 4:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







sunday, march 9 @ 7:30 p.m. 


a taste of ireland is exactly what it promises: a taste of everything you love about ireland, with live singing and dancing that bridges the gap between storytelling, modern irish dance, tap and contemporary dance to tell a historic story, live on stage.			read on... 







friday, march 14 @ 7:00 p.m. 


to celebrate 100 years of service to america, the united states navy concert band, sea chanters chorus and cruisers popular music group join forces at the classic center theatre!			additional info...







saturday, march 15 @ 7:30 p.m. 


dancing with the athens stars returns to the classic center theatre stage! for more than 20 years, members of the athens community have danced in support of project safe and the work they do to protect survivors of domestic violence.			additional info...







sunday, march 16 @ 6:05 p.m. 


cheer on the rock lobsters as they take on the blue ridge bobcats!			read on... 







tuesday, march 18 @ 7:30 p.m. 


little orphan annie has reminded generations of theatergoers that sunshine is always right around the corner, and now the best-loved musical of all time is set to return in a new production.						read on...







tuesday, march 18 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they face the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets today!						read on...







wednesday, march 19 @ 7:00 p.m. 


witness a world of wonder and magic as the state ballet theatre of ukraine performs the sleeping beauty.						read on...







wednesday, march 19 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







thursday, march 20 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the monroe moccasins at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







friday, march 21 @ 7:00 p.m. 


the arena's inaugural season of entertainment continues as brantley gilbert takes the stage as part of the the tattoos tour 2025, with black stone cherry, austin snell, and colt ford.			read on... 







saturday, march 22 @ 2:00 p.m. 


witness the world record-breaking, trick-shot basketball stars live as they bring their signature spins, dunks, and slams to the court, taking on their determined rivals, the washington generals.			read on... 







saturday, march 22 @ 7:30 p.m. 


maria bamford is revered for her deeply personal and experimental comedy about mental illness. in addition to starring in movies, television series, and podcasts, she is often recognized for her prolific voiceover work.						read on...







monday, march 24 @ 8:00 p.m. 


digital creator, comedian, and podcast host jake shane visits athens on his biggest tour yet!			additional info...







friday, march 28 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the baton rouge zydeco at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







saturday, march 29 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the baton rouge zydeco at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







sunday, march 30 @ 4:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the baton rouge zydeco at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







wednesday, april 2 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the binghamton black bears at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







thursday, april 3 @ 7:05 p.m. 


cheer on the athens rock lobsters as they take on the binghamton black bears at akins ford arena. buy tickets now!			read on... 







thursday, april 3 @ 8:00 p.m. 


gillian welch’s remarkable career spans over twenty-five years, and she and her musical partner david rawlings are a pillar of the modern acoustic music world. they have been hailed by pitchfork as “modern masters of american folk.”			read on... 







friday, april 4 @ 7:00 p.m. 


the golden girls are back in an all new show! relive the heartfelt hilarity of four ladies who never stopped being your friends! this new comedy is for fans 18 and older.... because they're not the same girls from the 80's. produced by murray & peter.			read on... 







[sold out] friday, april 4 @ 8:00 p.m. 


megan moroney has emerged as one of country music’s most exciting live acts in recent years. the am i okay? tour takes its name from moroney’s recently released sophomore album — a major critical triumph that debuted at no. 9 on the billboard 200.						read on...







[sold out] saturday, april 5 @ 8:00 p.m. 


megan moroney has emerged as one of country music’s most exciting live acts in recent years. the am i okay? tour takes its name from moroney’s recently released sophomore album — a major critical triumph that debuted at no. 9 on the billboard 200.						read on...







sunday, april 6 @ 1:00 p.m. 


kick off the spring season by sampling the latest and greatest beers from some of your favorite regional breweries at the annual athens beer fest, benefiting the classic center cultural foundation.			read on... 







sunday, april 6 @ 6:00 p.m. 


see the glitz, glamor, and tragic romance of f. scott fitzgerald’s timeless novel live on stage with the great gatsby ballet by the world ballet company.			read on... 







saturday, april 19 @ 7:30 p.m. 


dear evan hansen is the first musical to take a groundbreaking look — from the point of view of both the parents and young people — at our complex, interconnected, and social media-filled lives.						read on...







wednesday, april 23 @ 8:00 p.m. 


some people politely wait for their turn, ask for permission, and take a shot at their dreams when the opportunity allows. charley crockett isn’t one of those people. don't miss this lonesome drifter on the classic center theatre stage this april!			additional info...







thursday, april 24 @ 7:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







friday, april 25 @ 11:00 a.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







friday, april 25 @ 7:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







saturday, april 26 @ 11:00 a.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







saturday, april 26 @ 3:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







saturday, april 26 @ 7:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







sunday, april 27 @ 1:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







sunday, april 27 @ 5:00 p.m. 


this adventure on ice transports fans into two of the most popular disney films, frozen and encanto, as audiences can sing-along to their favorite songs while embracing world-class ice skating, aerial acrobatics, and more.			read on... 







thursday, may 1 @ 7:00 p.m. 


akins ford arena's inaugural season of entertainment continues as riley green takes the stage as part of his damn country music tour next summer, with openers ella langley, drake white, and channing wilson.			read on... 







tuesday, may 20 @ 7:15 p.m. 


the ramblin' rooster tour is headed to athens! don't miss your chance to catch these two legendary artists sharing the stage at the classic center theatre. presented by six string southern and classic entertainment.			






friday, june 20 @ 7:00 p.m. 


get ready to cheer, scream, and be amazed as massive monster jam® trucks and world champion drivers take over athens for a weekend packed with high-flying action and jaw-dropping stunts.			read on... 







saturday, june 21 @ 1:00 p.m. 


get ready to cheer, scream, and be amazed as massive monster jam® trucks and world champion drivers take over athens for a weekend packed with high-flying action and jaw-dropping stunts.			read on... 







saturday, june 21 @ 7:00 p.m. 


get ready to cheer, scream, and be amazed as massive monster jam® trucks and world champion drivers take over athens for a weekend packed with high-flying action and jaw-dropping stunts.			read on... 







sunday, june 22 @ 1:00 p.m. 


get ready to cheer, scream, and be amazed as massive monster jam® trucks and world champion drivers take over athens for a weekend packed with high-flying action and jaw-dropping stunts.			read on... 







sunday, june 22 @ 6:30 p.m. 


get ready to cheer, scream, and be amazed as massive monster jam® trucks and world champion drivers take over athens for a weekend packed with high-flying action and jaw-dropping stunts.			read on... 







friday, july 11 @ 7:00 p.m. 


pound for pound, brad williams is the funniest comedian in the country right now. williams’ humorous and inspiring observations on disability, relationships, sex, and race consistently win over audiences, proving anyone can overcome their shortcomings.			read on... 







friday, august 29 @ 7:30 p.m. 


actor/comedian/writer tom segura is one of the biggest names in comedy. see his come together tour at the classic center theatre this summer!			additional info...







friday, october 17 @ 8:00 p.m. 


akins ford arena's inaugural season of entertainment continues with the addition of gavin adcock's need to tour. tickets are on sale now!						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













view more events










 
 
 




 














sponsorshipevent sponsorships provide advertising and ticket benefits for local businesses.learn more








media kityour hub for the latest announcements, captivating blogs, featured articles, and media tools.learn more










 
 














arenaakins ford arena is open! learn more about all the exciting events this new venue has to offer.learn more








community outreachthe classic center is deeply rooted in hospitality and acts as a learning lab for our community.learn more










 
 
 



  
 
 





proud sponsors of the classic center:



 
 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 






the classic center provides unique meeting space, outstanding special events services and a wide range of entertainment options in athens, ga.hours of operation:monday – friday: 8am–5pmsaturday & sunday: closed




 
 



  
 







contact us







	300 n thomas street
athens, ga 30601
phone: 706.208.0900
contact us

 






  
 







follow us







facebook








instagram








youtube










 
 







popular pages







employment



request information



proposals



my account









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







accessibility



media request form



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















this website uses cookies to store information on your computer. read our privacy
policy to learn more.

accept
































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









