












home page | dig safe system, inc. - ma me nh ri vt - call 811 | dig safe systems, inc.















submit a dig safe ticket








submit a ticket



 811 or 888-dig-safe (344-7233)


  












 submit a new ticket


 call 811
                        




home






how it works


faq


exactix



                                            membership
                                        

become a member
member companies
executive committee




                                            laws & rules
                                        

laws / rules
reporting violations
enforcement
proposed regulations




                                            education & events
                                        

education
events




                                            resources
                                        

private locating services
links
order dig safe items



contact










submit a dig safe ticket








attention vermont excavators
vermont tickets now require 72 hour advance notice
(not including weekends and holidays)
read more










what is dig safe?



whether you plan to install a swimming pool, basketball hoop, mailbox, or a fence on your own property, no digging project is too small to notify dig safe first.
we all share a responsibility to keep our communities safe from injury and service disruption by preventing damage to buried underground pipes. 
dig safe is a notification center, serving as a link between you and our participating member utility companies. we are a private, not-for-profit organization that collects information about your upcoming excavation project, then notifies the appropriate member utilities in the area of excavation.
the utilities respond to mark the location of their lines, or they use contract locating companies to mark their lines.
this is a free service for anyone to use.
note: dig safe is a notification center and does not mark lines.
how it works



new to dig safe?
planning to dig on your property?
check out our quick video to help you get started.



 more dig safe videos


























submit a dig safe ticket
or call 811










                            copyright: © 2025 digsafe |
                            terms of use | last update: october 31, 2024
                        



portals

















