     440 vehicles available | ford dealership in gastonia nc | serving gastonia and belmont | tindol ford                               
                                                tindol ford        sales 704-884-2201    service 704-884-2210  parts 704-884-2218  truck shop 980-888-7726   1901 east franklin boulevardgastonia, nc 28054                                          service        map        contact                      tindol ford           call 704-884-2201   directions                  new   search new inventory   new fords in stock   shop by payment   new specials   new rtr   new roush   new lodnit   new subaru   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   ford model showroom   interested in a custom order     used   used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned   carfax 1 owner   shop by payment   vehicles under 15k   roush pre-owned   schedule test drive   find my car   contact us   ford blue advantage cpo     commercial   commercial   commercial vehicles   commercial vehicle center   commercial vehicle service   commercial service specials   commercial team   tindol truck shop   government fleet   compressed natural gas   historically underutilized business   contact us     lodnit   rtr   roush   specials   ford offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   students & graduates   military & first responders     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   credit score estimator   value trade   sell to tindol   about ford credit   buy vs lease   gap insurance   ford protect   triplecare   surfacecare   contact us     service   service   service appointment   ford service coupons   service & parts specials   quick lane® express service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   fordpass   body shop   truck shop   parts department   tires   shop ford parts   ford accessories   bronco accessories   schedule your service     español   about   about us   contact us   meet our staff   hours & directions   50th anniversary   customer reviews   annual cruise in   tindol gives back   wall of hometown heroes   donation request   why buy tindol   job openings   careers                     new   search new inventory   new fords in stock   shop by payment   new specials   new rtr   new roush   new lodnit   new subaru   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   ford model showroom   interested in a custom order     used   used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned   carfax 1 owner   shop by payment   vehicles under 15k   roush pre-owned   schedule test drive   find my car   contact us   ford blue advantage cpo     commercial   commercial   commercial vehicles   commercial vehicle center   commercial vehicle service   commercial service specials   commercial team   tindol truck shop   government fleet   compressed natural gas   historically underutilized business   contact us     lodnit   rtr   roush   specials   ford offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   students & graduates   military & first responders     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   credit score estimator   value trade   sell to tindol   about ford credit   buy vs lease   gap insurance   ford protect   triplecare   surfacecare   contact us     service   service   service appointment   ford service coupons   service & parts specials   quick lane® express service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   fordpass   body shop   truck shop   parts department   tires   shop ford parts   ford accessories   bronco accessories   schedule your service     español   about   about us   contact us   meet our staff   hours & directions   50th anniversary   customer reviews   annual cruise in   tindol gives back   wall of hometown heroes   donation request   why buy tindol   job openings   careers               

                                 disclaimer                                                       disclaimer                   disclaimer                                   


   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock        new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory        






easy financing 









special offers 









trade appraisal 









reliable service 






    a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   


 






at our quick lane® you can expect expertise on all makes & models, plus the quality parts and tires you're looking for, all in one place!
learn more



 



 


 


the world's #1 roush dealer






tindol roush performance is the largest roush dealership in the country. we have consistently been in the national spotlight and have been named the #1 roush dealer in the world five times by roush performance. we have thousands of trp roushkateers all over the united states!
learn more



             shop our pre-owned inventory   shop pre-owned inventory              commercial vehicles


 
van


 
cutaway


 
f-150


 
superduty


     

tindol ford

1901 east franklin boulevard
 gastonia, nc 28054

 driving directions

more info



   sales      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed  * service & parts depts have different hours.  
       follow us                                         

your ford dealership serving gastonia, charlotte, fort mill, rock hill, and the nearby areas!
selecting the right ford model for your driving personality can sometimes feel like a daunting task, which is why your ford dealership is here to make it straightforward, pleasant, and most importantly, fun. since 1974, tindol ford roush has been proudly serving gastonia, nc, and the surrounding areas. we place great emphasis on our core values of integrity, excellence, growth, commitment, and family atmosphere, and we always treat our customers like our own family.
tindol ford roush consistently maintains a vast inventory of new ford f-150, ranger, escape, explorer, edge, expedition, mustang, and other models that you may be interested in. we even have the roush mustang and roush f-150 in stock, truly elite and exciting performance vehicles. if you are considering purchasing a pre-owned car, truck, van, or suv, we have a fantastic selection for you to choose from. your ford roush dealership also has a variety of leasing options to suit your individual budget. the dedicated team at your local ford dealer will happily assist you in finding the perfect model and trim level, as well as the financing option that will meet and exceed your wants and needs.


your local ford dealership in gastonia, nc, has so much to offer in addition to putting you behind the wheel of the vehicle of your dreams. our team of finance experts will help you choose between purchase and lease, and we will present you with all of your financing options to make the process seamless and stress-free. the finance professionals at tindol ford roush are ready to get you on the road in your new ford or pre-owned vehicle today.
when it comes to the health of your new ford or pre-owned vehicle, your ford roush dealership will provide the best parts and service in the industry. we have extensive knowledge about the inner workings of ford cars, ford trucks, and ford suv models, so we can resolve and repair whatever issues you are experiencing and get you back on the road as quickly as possible. tindol ford roush uses only oem-certified parts, and our technicians are highly trained experts whom you can rely on to keep your vehicle running like new.
as you can see, there are so many reasons to visit tindol ford roush and find the new ford or pre-owned model you have always desired. visit your local ford dealership near gastonia today and drive away happy!

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.


tindol ford subaru roush is known to create intense feelings of euphoria and happiness. sudden outbursts of hugging and high fives are not uncommon. advertised prices include tindol ford discounts, ford motor company public rebates and incentives, and they may or may not include owner loyalty rebates. if customer chooses special financing offers from ford credit, all applicable ford rebates included in the advertised price will be forfeited. some discounts and rebates may require financing with ford credit. not all buyers will qualify. residency restrictions may apply. some vehicles have equipment and/or accessories added to them that may not be reflected in the advertised price. this discounted price is for this web page only. must print out this page and present to the salesman. lot price may differ. all prices are before tax, tag, title, and $799 administration fee. we have an awesome fleet and commercial department and their rebates are often different from retail rebates. accordingly, this pricing does not apply to fleet and commercial sales. please see a commercial salesperson for details. every reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of this information. there may be instances where some of the factory rebates, incentives, options or vehicle features may be listed incorrectly as we use a 3rd party site and multiple data sources. as such, we are not responsible for any errors or omissions, including price, contained within these pages. if you provide us with your contact information, you are giving us permission to contact you via phone, text and/or email. no stunts here, just great people who want to make you a part of the tindol family. stop in to see us where we have been in business since 1974 at 1901 east franklin blvd gastonia nc 28054. see dealer for details. * epa mileage estimates are for newly manufactured vehicles only. your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures tindol ford | 1901 east franklin boulevard, gastonia, nc 28054 | sales: 704-884-2201 |                



















   











              
                       