 



multicultural resource center | binghamton university




























skip to main content




binghamton university: the state university of new york

multicultural resource center 

searchmenu 









search








multicultural resource centermulticultural resource centeraboutprograms and initiativesresources




multicultural resource center








a home away from home, we provide resources to help bearcats explore and value their own identities and those of others.









about mrc

learn more about our mission and values, who we are and what services we provide,
                        the populations we serve and how to find our lounge. discover our open center hours
                        and connect with us on social!





resources

the mrc is a resource center that offers a wide range of resources such as the multifaith
                        meditation and prayer room, resource room, grants and collaborations funding, room
                        reservations, mrc library, bartle tabling, on and off campus resources and more!





programs & initiatives

the mrc hosts, sponsors and collaborates on a diverse range of signature events and
                        core programs to engage and educate the binghamton campus community such as cultural
                        heritage celebrations, intercultural welcome, mlk week, and more.







cultural student organizations

mrc helps students get involved, form connections and build leadership through support
                        for over 70 cultural student organizations including performances teams, pre-professional
                        organizations and cultural greek-lettered organizations.





workshops & development

the mrc provides educational experiences for students, faculty and staff. we foster
                        excellence in student leadership development, while educating our on issues of multiculturalism.
                        we also offer "build your own" workshops through consultation sessions with staff.





jobs & positions

the mrc offers paid student employment, graduate assistantships, internship and volunteer
                        opportunities for both graduate and undergraduate students interested in seeking valuable
                        work experience in working with diverse populations





check out the mrc lounge!
our lounge, in ls-g500, is a great place to host events, study and meet new people.






mrc events calendar





feb
20
thu



bhm sodexo event 
 5:00pm





feb
26
wed



culture chat
 3:00pm





feb
27
thu



mrc monthly mixer
 3:30pm





feb
27
thu



young, gifted and black: open mic & art show
 4:30pm





mar
27
thu



mrc monthly mixer
 3:30pm





apr
24
thu



mrc monthly mixer
 3:30pm





may
29
thu



mrc monthly mixer
 3:30pm



more events



other cultural events





more events







report a bias incident
the division of diversity, equity and inclusion and multicultural resource center
                        at binghamton university are committed to addressing incidents of hate, bias or discrimination,
                        both on and off campus, and appreciates your help in bringing these incidents to our
                        attention.
report a bias incident







committed to
collaborative activities that support campus well-being.
learn more






contact us


library south ground (ls-g500)607-777-4472mrc@binghamton.edu
current center hours and servicesadditional center and staff contact information


get social with us!
instagram



 multicultural resource centeraboutprograms and initiativesresources









 share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest share on linkedin share by email 







© 2025 binghamton university state university of new york




accessibility
emergencies
privacy




contactvisitshare




return to top







last updated: 8/27/24