
 







english baroque choir - english baroque choir




















































↓ skip to main content















 
english baroque choir



 



main navigation

menu
coming up
about
join the choir
past concerts
come and sing days
members area
 



















english baroque choir




one of the finest choirs in london
we perform a wide range of repertoire, from 15th century renaissance, via the masters of baroque music, to the great romantic composers and contemporary music. our repertoire takes us all around the world with a special focus on british and european masters. we recently performed a whole concert of amazing scandinavian music. have a look at our past concerts to get an impression or listen to some of our recordings.
join the choir
we have exciting plans for 2024 and 2025. as one of the finest choirs in london we have openings in all voice parts and would be delighted to welcome you to the choir. have a look at what we have to offer if you join the choir and at our upcoming concerts.











lenten reflections – 5th april 2025
saturday 5 april 2025, 7.30pm, st gabriel’s church, warwick square, pimlico, sw1v 2ad





join the english baroque choir for a reflective evening of choral music that takes the listener on a journey through lent and passiontide. featuring music by byrd, purcell, tallis, bruckner, duruflé, poulenc, kerensa briggs and interspersed with traditional gregorian chant, allow yourself to be transported to another realm by these beautiful and varied sound worlds.
save the date! tickets sales are opening soon. 
tickets are £20, under 30s £15, under 16s £5.



audience reactions
here are some of the things members of the audience had to say about our st. john passion concert in april 2022, which was harry’s first concert with us. 


“last night’s soloists were superb, wonderful legato and phrasing, and interpretation, a delight, especially sam kibble’s difficult area which he sang with distinction, in my view. and a perfect evangelist – coping smoothly and effortlessly with the huge vocal and interpretive demands. so also the orchestra, very impressive, managing beautiful ensemble with their fabulous technique. but my happiest memory will be of the choir, singing overall with confidence and attention, responding to harry.““i was so keen to come and glad i could. the joy and commitment to the music palpable from your choir and everyone involved.“


“it was a wonderful concert, so glad we came! congratulations to the choir and your new md did a brilliant job. it’s great to see audiences overcoming covid worries and flocking back to support live concerts.”
“peter and i very much enjoyed your concert last night.  the choir made a fine sound, as did the soloists, and you clearly have a great new young conductor! it was a lovely evening.““top-notch concert!“




patron programme
we are very pleased to introduce a new patron programme for our friends and loyal fans to support us on our journey to make wonderful music. have a look what we offer in return for your support and find out how to sign up. 
patron programme

get updates from english baroque choir
we would love to let you know about concerts, singing days and other events hosted by english baroque choir. we will never share your data with third parties and you can unsubscribe any time.  







												name											







												email address											











 submit 








image copyright: colin crisford, photo of ‘the nativity’ by krystyna kujawinska






 







 



footer menu
privacy policy
 






                copyright ©  2025            
            english baroque choir            
                 | powered by            

                 responsive theme                 









 













