









surf school | lessons & camps in huntington beach




























































































surfing lessons
surf camp
surfboard rentals
contact

about our surf family
surf instructor jobs







menu


menu

 







surf lessons and camps
get stoked with the original surf school of huntington beach, california. since 1996, we’ve helped beginners and pros alike ride waves and have fun. our surf lessons, surf camps, and surfboard rentals focus on sharing the tried and true fundamentals shaped by surfing’s first professional surfer, corky carroll.


update: registration for kid summer camps is open! sign up today >


huntington beach
surf lessons

learn to surf with the top rated surf lessons of orange county



open year round
for ages 5 to 80+
private personal instruction
group discounts available


learn morehuntington beach
surf camp

enjoy summer surf camp in a fun, educational, group setting



for kids ages 5+
3:1 student instructor ratio
tailored to every level
step-by-step surf lessons


learn moresurfboard
rental

rent a surfboard right on the beach to shred on your own



soft and hard tops available
wetsuit included
swap between boards
reserve ahead online


learn more


corky carroll’s has a 5-star rating on google and yelp! surf city, usa rated us #1 surf school!


we love this team, from the awesome owners to the great staff they hire. i have trusted them with my children’s lives for five years now and i never regret it. beyond their skill level improving, my three kids love the instructors and always make great friends. if you want a fun and safe learning environment for your children, their surf school can’t be beat. year after year, they impress me.
sarah b.
this is our 10th year coming to corky carroll’s surf camp and we love it! my niece and nephew had the best week. the instructors are super motivating and energetic! keith and kelsey are amazing and make you feel like part of their surf family. the organization and daily routine is top notch. each day is a fun filled adventure!
nikki s.
a group of co workers and i had never surfed before. this is the place to go if you want to learn to surf. the owner is an awesome guy with a love for surfing and took great care of me and my friends. all we had to do was show up. they provided high quality wetsuits and surfboards. i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to have a great time and learn how to surf!
patrick d.


visit our surf resort
surf costa rica
learn to surf or advance your skills at our all-inclusive “surf & stay” resort in nosara, costa rica.

private bungalows
all meals included
daily private surf lessons
tropical surf getaway


learn more




get emails from us
enter your email address to sign up for our mailing list.


















   

 an authentic surfing experience for all levels of surfing.

lessons & camps private surfing lessons
huntington beach surf camp
kid’s junior surf camp
costa rica surf resort

our school about us
blog
surfboard rentals
become an instructor

contact us   714-969-3959
   info@surfschool.net







copyright © 2024 corky carroll's surf school. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms | booking policy 






scroll to top

































