 





 













home - aidc | alternative information & development centre





























































































 




















porn - javhd
- hentai








search for:


 


  amandal! media


home
about us

vision
strategy       >>

alternatives to auterity and regressive tax policies
movement building
southern africa


staff/team
board
partners      >>

amadiba crisis committee
botshabelo unemployment movement
lutzville
partner news archive
pe amandla forum
progressive youth movement
south african green revolutionary council


funders


initiatives

amandla! media   >>

about amandla! media
amandla ulutsha


dismantling corporate power
energy democracy and climate justice


resources

amandla! archive
aidc resource and information library
podcasts   >>

systems change, not climate change


publications
solidarity centre


events
contact







home





aidc political economy working group: austerity and the crisis of social reproduction 
addressing the harms of austerity becomes increasingly tenuous under the government of national unity. read more
demand an end to government’s austerity measures – austerity is a political choice! ✊🏾

join the people’s assembly and the people's march against budget cuts on the 18th and 19th of february 2025. read more 
austerity is a feminist issue report
last month, we officially launched the "austerity is a feminist issue" report. this paper examines how austerity is not just an economic policy but is deeply connected to the patriarchal structures that shape our societies. read more
aidc library & resource centre
aidc hosts one of the most exciting libraries of progressive books and magazines on such issues as globalisation, finacialisation, political economy and climate change. to access the online-catalogue. read more 
remembering ayanda kota: advocate for justice and equality!
we have lost a visionary, a leader, and a beacon of hope. read more
unveiling economic justice: the economy and austerity mass teach-in
the alternative information development centre (aidc) and the cry of the xcluded joined forces to host the economy and austerity mass teach-in, a gathering designed to educate and mobilize individuals passionate about addressing economic inequalities and advocating for a fairer society. read more 
cosatu national day of action: a stand for decent work and working-class solidarity  
to mark the international day for decent work, the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) organized a national day of action, a crucial event that advocates for social and economic justice and highlights the ongoing struggles of workers globally. read more
maps are now our spears: launch of new participatory digital counter-maps of xolobeni
december 11th saw the launch of a newly created participatory digital counter-map of the region of xolobeni. the event at the jack heath gallery at the university of kwazulu-natal was the culmination of a 2-year project funded by the national research foundation. it is a collaborative project between the amadiba crisis committee (acc), the coastal villages and academics from the university of johannesburg and ukzn. read more 
 
aidc submission on the 2024 revised fiscal framework and revenue proposals
the aidc made a written submission on the 2024 revised fiscal framework and revenue proposals tabled on 30 october 2024 with the mtbps. the structure of our submission includes an analysis of the government's fiscal austerity measures, its disproportionate impact on vulnerable groups, and the broader socioeconomic consequences of government spending reductions. read more 










the r200 billion tax opportunity treasury can’t ignore

the alternative information and development centres (aidc) research estimates the significant fiscal implications of over-inflating personal income tax brackets in south africa. it argues that while intended to prevent “bracket creep,” this policy has inadvertently cost the national treasury r170-r198…
read more ›


february 18, 2025, written by aidc.

0 comments









cosatu national day of action: a stand for decent work and working-class solidarity

to mark the international day for decent work, cosatu organised a national day of action, a crucial event that advocates for social and economic justice and highlights the ongoing struggles of workers globally. 
read more ›


october 7, 2024, written by aidc.

0 comments









the controversy of green energy: unmasking southern africa’s critical mineral sacrifice zones

this report covers six southern african countries deeply impacted by critical mineral extraction. 
read more ›


january 26, 2025, written by aidc.

1 comment











aidc statement on the electricity regulation amendment bill: let’s keep our energy affordable!

on friday 13 october, the alternative information & development centre (aidc) made a submission on the electricity regulation amendment bill advocating for the halting of the independent transmission company setup process.  last month, the portfolio committee on mineral resources and…
read more ›


october 13, 2023, written by aidc.

0 comments









maps are now our spears: launch of new participatory digital counter-maps of xolobeni

counter-mapping is used worldwide by marginalised, often indigenous populations to contest top-down, extractive-oriented development plans and to showcase grassroots/community-led alternatives.  
read more ›


december 9, 2024, written by aidc.

0 comments









stop budget cuts: defend our basic services!

a coalition of trade unions, social movements, and progressive movements will march together in unity against government budget cuts.
read more ›


october 24, 2024, written by aidc.

0 comments














resource centerspublications
aidc resource and information centre (ric) library
solidarity centre
  podcasts 

poverty on the rise in south africa!


press conference | cryx mtbps 2021 action plan!


what will it take to fix our municipalities?


why we must transform eskom


anglo-america in south africa: a history of abuses and violations.


voices of the streets – episode 7: struggle in the city of cape town (part 2)










about aidc was formed in 1996 in response to the democratic transition in south africa and the new opportunities and challenges it brought those seeking greater social justice within the democracy.
over the years aidc has played a leading role in various civil society responses to ongoing inequality including facilitating the launch and building of the south african jubilee 2000 debt cancellation campaign, and the right to work campaign. 

subscribe

















enter your details below to subscribe to the aidc newsletter.

email*


 








δ

contact 129 rochester road
observatory, cape town
email: info@aidc.org.za
phone: +27 21 4475770
fax: +27 21 4475884





 

↑




© 2025 aidc. all rights reserved. sitemap

home
about us
contact us
 







 
































