






bcms – british columbia multihull society

































































 










skip to content



 




bcms
british columbia multihull society








    menu	
home
club events
newsletters  

latest newsletters
archive newsletters


classifieds
boats
posts
account
membership
contact us

  scroll down to content













the british columbia multihull society (bcms) promotes and encourages the free exchange of multihull vessel ideas and interests in the pacific northwest.included in our fleet are racers and cruisers sailing a wide variety of catamarans and trimarans including both sailing and powered vessels. our membership includes experienced designers and builders, avid racers, full-time cruisers and first timers who are looking for ways to get involved. 



bcms was founded in 1969 



 



the bc multihull society welcome all who share an interest in multihull vessels and support good seamanship and protection of the marine environment. 



bcms is a registered not-for-profit society 






join bcms today















events 



the club has three major boating events; the victoria day sail-in at port browning on pender island, the summer sail in at newcastle island near naniamo and and the labour day sail-in at port browning.bcms hosts two annual member races and participates in local races hosted by other sailing organizations. we award several trophies based on individual and “best-of-category” results.we meet at the river house pub & marina in delta the 3rd tuesday of every month, except in may, july, august, and december. 







 
port browning marina





 
newcastle island





 
river house pub & marina











support 



the bc multihulls society proudly supports the council of bc yacht clubs and the bc marine parks forever society. the council provides key input into the affairs influencing all bc boaters including canadian coast guard activities, debris control, water use license applications and parks research.the marine parks forever society assist in protecting recreational boating interests and raises funds for the purchase of bc marine parks. 







 
council of bc yacht clubs





 
bc marine parks forever society











 
northwest multihull association



















why bcms? 



the bc multihulls society was formed to co-ordinate the activities, welfare and interest of persons in the construction and operation and usage of multihull ships, vessels and boats.
in 1969 this primarily meant meetups, a physical newsletter and the organization of group purchases of bulk materials (i.e. epoxy and fibreglass).   
today bcms encourages new and want-to-be multihullers to join us and participate in carrying forward the multihull revolution and camaraderie that began in bc more than 50 years ago.  








 








 
bcms youtube channel





 
bcms facebook























questions?please contact us at:  
bcmultihullsociety@gmail.com 














facebook
 



youtube
 















    copyright © 
    
    | bcms | website design by 
    web-ready

 



		proudly powered by wordpress	





































































































































































































