






caps and gowns | graduation tassels – capsngowns4less.com












your browser does not support script








 













faculty &judicial regalia

kindergownsfor the little graduates 

junior high/high school graduates

diplomas & covers

graduationaccessories





faculty and judicial regalia
gowns, hoods, caps, tams for doctoral, masters, and bachelor degrees. judicial regalia that is affordably priced without sacrificing quality.






caps & gowns, graduation tassels and accessories
make those first academic steps forever memorable with the perfect touch of a real graduation!click here for more information.






junior high/high school graduation
traditional attire with caps, gowns, and accessories. souvenir packages available in 14 colors and tassels in a variety of colors with a golden metallic year date. get started






diplomas and covers - celebrate with recognition!
top quality diplomas and covers for that special day of achievement. stock and custom diplomas available and diploma covers for that finishing touch! 






graduation accessories for that special day
graduation caps, tassels, honor cords and stoles.  all at very competitive prices! shop now









 












							caps and gowns, graduation tassels & accessories









highest quality cap and gowns for graduation 
							at the best prices
graduations are momentous occasions and 
							everyone deserves to have the highest quality, best 
							price, and excellent service when ordering their 
							caps and gowns. we at capsngowns4less pride 
							ourselves on providing the very best commencement 
							ceremony offerings from preschool cap and gowns, 
							high school, college, faculty and judicial caps and 
							gowns, graduation tassels, stoles, cords, hoods, 
							diplomas, diploma covers and keepsake items.
our cap and gowns for graduation are made of high 
							quality materials and are suitable to keep as 
							souvenirs for years to come. for our littlest 
							graduates and our high school students our 
							graduation gowns are made of 100% polyester, which 
							is both lightweight and crease resistant. for our 
							higher education and judicial customers, we offer 
							both economy and deluxe style gowns and hoods. 
							whether you are earning your bachelors, masters or 
							doctoral degree or you a member of the faculty, we 
							have the graduation gowns you need.
of course, no commencement ceremony is complete 
							without graduation caps. the mortarboard with a 
							graduation tassel is a universal symbol for 
							education. while some graduates may choose to rent 
							or borrow a gown, the graduation cap is a keepsake 
							that they will want to take home a treasure for 
							years to come.
capsngowns4less has built an excellent reputation 
							by providing high quality standards for both our 
							products and our customer service. our goal is to 
							deliver products that precisely meet your needs with 
							the best level of customer care possible. we are a 
							company that is large enough to serve you but still 
							small enough to care.
							














we really hope you enjoy 
							browsing our website! just click on the links to the 
							right to enter your area of interest.







se habla espanol










 













home

about us

testimonials




						contact us



shipping 
						policy
return policy
privacy policy

faculty 
						regalia
  
doctoral regalia
  
master regalia
  
bachelor regalia
  
degree colors
  
special academic regalia
  
faculty regalia faqs
  
university colors

judicial 
						robes
  
info & pricing
  
order online
  
mail/fax order form

kinder 
						gowns
  info & pricing
  special package
						  
						standard color packages
  premium color packages
  single gown packages
  accessories
  mail/fax order form

high 
						school
  
info & pricing
  
millennium packages
  
millennium package single
  millennium gowns
  freedom packages
  freedom package single
  freedom gowns
  plus sizes
  accessories info & 
						pricing
  
order accessories online

						 


						diplomas
  info & pricing
  order stock diplomas online
  
mail/fax order form

 
						


custom diploma quote



						diploma covers
 
						


info & pricing
 
						
						special cover online
  special cover mail/fax form
  stock cover online
  stock cover mail/fax form
  custom cover mail/fax form






 







capsngowns4less.com
						p.o. box 1122
						mandeville, la 70470-1122 usa


						large enough to serve you.....small enough to care.
						e-mail us at: 
						sales@capsngowns4less.com

phone: (985) 898-2620
						fax: (504) 324-0703
						toll free: (800) 877-0330


 




















			 









