     local ford dealer phoenix metro area | rodeo ford service center goodyear                                                                          rodeo ford        sales 623-455-5788    service 623-565-9131  parts 623-565-9129      13680 w. test drivegoodyear, az 85338                              service        map        contact                       rodeo ford               call 623-455-5788   directions                       new   search inventory   demonstrator deals   no bull express   model showroom   fleet department   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   2024 ford maverick   ford protect     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1 owner   get kbb trade value   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   buy your car back   used suvs near me     express store   shop all models   how express works     models   models   model comparisons   new ford bronco review   new ford bronco sport review   new ford edge review   new ford escape review   new ford expedition review   new ford explorer review   new ford f-150 review   new ford f-150 lightning review   ford maverick review   ford mustang review   ford mustang mach e review   new ford ranger review   new ford super duty review     commercial   shop commercial   schedule commercial service    commercial fleet team   commercial fleet programs   diesel truck service   ford super duty     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   ford incentives   demonstrator deals   no bull express   tires   schedule service     service & parts   service department   schedule your service   service & parts specials   quick lane®   shop ford parts   ford accessories   tire info & ford tire finder   parts brand   earnhardt auto glass   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     finance   finance department   payment calculator   no bull finance   f & i products   value your trade   ford credit application    deferred payment plans   ford drives u     about   about   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   meet our staff   hours & directions   blog   reviews and feedback   dealership photo gallery   employment   why buy from us   see our departments   community auto show   privacy policy   privacy requests   happy ford customers                     home   new   search inventory   demonstrator deals   no bull express   model showroom   fleet department   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   2024 ford maverick   ford protect     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1 owner   get kbb trade value   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   buy your car back   used suvs near me     express store   shop all models   how express works     models   models   model comparisons   new ford bronco review   new ford bronco sport review   new ford edge review   new ford escape review   new ford expedition review   new ford explorer review   new ford f-150 review   new ford f-150 lightning review   ford maverick review   ford mustang review   ford mustang mach e review   new ford ranger review   new ford super duty review     commercial   shop commercial   schedule commercial service    commercial fleet team   commercial fleet programs   diesel truck service   ford super duty     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   ford incentives   demonstrator deals   no bull express   tires   schedule service     service & parts   service department   schedule your service   service & parts specials   quick lane®   shop ford parts   ford accessories   tire info & ford tire finder   parts brand   earnhardt auto glass   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     finance   finance department   payment calculator   no bull finance   f & i products   value your trade   ford credit application    deferred payment plans   ford drives u     about   about   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   meet our staff   hours & directions   blog   reviews and feedback   dealership photo gallery   employment   why buy from us   see our departments   community auto show   privacy policy   privacy requests   happy ford customers               





     vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       















view new inventory











browse pre-owned











buy online











schedule service






               disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                         disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                    search new inventory     search used inventory        


















         a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory        






financing











used specials








service








under 25k







      



f-150

it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability.
view inventory  




       










visit your local ford dealer
serving phoenix metro drivers


located in the phoenix metro area, rodeo ford offers a large selection of ford suvs and trucks. we have onsite financing, a highly capable ford service center, and a popular used car inventory.




from the moment you walk into our showroom, you'll know our commitment to customer service is second to none. we strive to make your experience with rodeo ford a good one - for the life of your vehicle. 
our rodeo store is a local ford dealer with a long history. we’re part of earnhardt auto centers, a family-run dealership group that began with one ford in 1951. this ford dealership is easy to find in goodyear, arizona. click here for hours and directions. 
we are proud to be home to no bull pricing. you can call our sales staff at 623-227-1718 for a no-obligation car price quote or come visit our phoenix metro local ford dealership.  you can even use no bull express to purchase your new ford online and have it delivered to your work or business.
when it comes to ford suv models, no one knows the escape, edge, explorer and expedition as well as our staff. we’ve got the answers you need about the exciting mustang mach e suv and the iconic ford mustang.
as a local ford dealer, we are proud to say that we have the biggest lineup of trucks of any automotive brand today. you can start with the maverick or ranger or go big with the ford f-150, electric lightning, or ford superduty f-250, f-350, and more.
whether you need advice from a commercial truck expert or just want to talk to a fellow pickup truck enthusiast, our staff has your needs covered.  shop truck inventory.











ford evs and hybrids

are you concerned about fuel costs? check out ford evs and ford hybrids. electric vehicle prices are becoming more affordable every day, especially now that ford is in the ev marketplace.




the mustang mach-e continues its evolution as one of the most sought-after electric vehicles, boasting impressive driving range, sporty performance, a spacious suv design, and an attractive price point for ev enthusiasts.
meanwhile, the ford electric truck is gaining prominence in arizona's business fleets, with the f150 lightning becoming a staple in the phoenix metro area. this robust pickup caters to hardworking individuals who appreciate the outdoor lifestyle that arizona offers. 
for families seeking a practical suv, ford hybrids like the ford escape hybrid offer affordability and exceptional efficiency. similarly, the ford maverick combines hybrid efficiency with the ruggedness of the built ford tough brand.  a serious full size performer, the ford f-150 hybrid is a workhorse in the ford truck lineup.
rodeo ford wants to be your local ford dealer, helping you find the new ford ev, new electric truck or ford hybrid. even if you don’t see it in our inventory, you can be sure our staff can tell you how to claim one of these futuristic rides today.



















competitive financing

financing plays a crucial role in our daily operations, catering to both new car shoppers and our many used car customers. as such, rodeo ford offers a variety of financing solutions tailored to your individual credit history. get pre approved.




if you're interested in a new ford ev, suv or truck, ford financing extends remarkable offers that could be a perfect fit.  as a local ford dealer, earnhardt offers competitive alternatives for new vehicle loans and leases as well as used car financing. 
we strongly advise you to take the step of getting pre-approved, as it can greatly simplify your used or new car shopping experience. whether your credit history is impeccable, challenging, or falls somewhere in between, rodeo ford has a financing solution that suits your needs. 
if you are looking to sell your car for cash, rodeo ford may be interested. we often buy vehicles from customers who aren’t in the market to trade. we invite you to value your trade using our online tool.








ford service center


our ford service center is staffed with friendly service advisers who possess an unparalleled understanding of your ford's maintenance requirements. together we can ensure your vehicle has a long road life.




at your rodeo ford dealership, a cutting-edge service department is equipped to handle repairs for all makes and models. ford certified technicians provide top-notch service in our state-of-the-art repair facilities.
our  quick lane service is a great way to get maintenance done fast. you still need an appointment, but you can be sure you’ll get ford expertise without the wait.
for inquiries about our fleet maintenance services, we encourage you to reach out to our  commercial fleet managers. our truck experts are experienced with heavy duty gas and diesel engine repair. we are happy to be your ally in keeping your business on the road.
if you're a highly skilled automotive technician seeking a new opportunity, we invite you to submit your application using our convenient form. we look forward to hearing from you.
apply here.











     


certified pre owned ford and used car dealer

you can be sure that, as a local car dealer, we stake our reputation on selling good pre owned vehicles. plus you can feel secure knowing that our used cars require a greenlight from our ford service center technicians.




we encourage you to keep an eye on our inventory, looking for the best deals. when you find a favorite, act quickly because our used cars get snapped up quickly. plus our certified pre owned ford suvs, cars and trucks are the cream of the crop, just as you’d expect. be sure to ask about <a href="https://www.rodeoford.com/carfax-1-owner.html">carfax 1 owner cars</a>.

the best way to get to know any used car is to get behind the wheel. you can schedule a test drive or just arrive at our used car dealership to try out the ones that interest you the most. 
if you see a used car price you like, act fast. our used car deals tend to drive off the lot quickly.
apply here.




     


    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 9:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 9:00pm    friday 8:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed        

           although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures rodeo ford | 13680 w. test drive, goodyear, az 85338 | sales: 623-455-5788 |                




















                      