


winamop.com - made from words!








 









 








read, and the world reads with
								you



















  




 




welcome to all of you with enthusiasm for
						  the literary and the artistic. we have stories, we have poems, we have
						  pictures, we used to have music reviews, and with your help, we're constantly
						  adding more.
the site is updated with new material approximately
						  once a month, the editor will now introduce the latest edition:
if you are worried about cookies or data
						  privacy, don't use the rating buttons and you won't be involved. apart from
						  your choice of rating we do not not collect or store any other data so if
						  you're happy with that we'd like you to rate the articles please! google have
						  their own policies so clicking on the search box will be logged by
						  them.
 



january 2025
it's been an interesting start to the year. michael smith
						  informed me that winamop features just outside the top 1000 on the "fish list"
						  of "indie lit mags". i was initially underwhelmed as 1089th place doesn't sound
						  terribly impressive until you see that it's actually about half-way down the
						  list! i guess the only way is up?
if quality is the watchword then this edition should raise
						  the profile. we introduce a new writer - daniel frears - to winamop and his
						  story is well worth getting into. also a new poet in the person of rick k. reut
						  who brings us his cyclic verses.
there's much to enjoy from our regulars too, but before we
						  get started i must let you know about kj hannah greenberg's new poetry omnibus
						  (the best works from her first 16 poetry collections), "miscellaneous
						  parlor tricks". it includes many poems and illustrations that were
						  originally featured on winamop.
right, that's done so let's get on with it..
 

daniel
						  frears is new to winamop and his first for us is an epic tale about
						  a puzzling event. settle down with a cup of your favourite beverage and read
						  the poor dogs of budapest.   
						michael
						  smith is back to take us on a visit to hell and this
						  version of hell is one we're probably all familiar with!   
						andrew
						  lee-hart takes us to the shady world of "the chosen". our
						  protagonist is a man on a mission - but he seems distracted. read
						  chosen to find out what's going on.  
						simon
						  king looks into the lives of well-known figures from the past. this
						  time it's blues man blind willie johnson who met a sad demise... as so many
						  did. read johnson.   
						terry
						  brinkman has been having a little car trouble. just a slow puncture,
						  but these things can take up a lot of your day. still.. it gives you time to
						  think. it's called day by day.   
						kj hannah
						  greenberg. has a story for us concerning a young woman who has been
						  forced to go it alone with her health-care provision.. she is off
						  grid. what's the worst that could happen?  
						
terry brinkman has a great new
						  piece of art called wolf. it's on his art page where you can see
						  all his other pictures too.  
						kj hannah greenberg again brings us
						  a collection of her photographic art. these desert scenes will warm you up on a
						  cold winter's day. 
						
						
rick k.
						  reut is new to winamop. he brings five excerpts from around a word,
						  a collection of what he calls cyclic verse, which presupposes a poem having no
						  beginning or end and working in both rhyme and prose. read time - leaf in
						  the wind - behind every door - in the afterglow and around a
						  word. 
						
						orbindu
						  ganga has written a suite of four "micropoems" this time. they don't
						  have individual titles, they just flow from one to the next..  
						gary
						  beck brings us five poems from ‘rigors’, an unpublished
						  poetry collection that looks at the difficulties and demands that confront us.
						  they are: united we… - efforts - who will guard - victims
						  and dwindling.  
						kj hannah
						  greenberg kicks off 2025 with a collection of three hard-hitting
						  poems. here we have:imprecation - recusal and aggressive
						  attempts. stand well back!  
						terry
						  brinkman is kicking off the new year in the way he means to
						  continue; with five new poems: when i look in the eight sided mirror i
						  see - seven churches - eyes of youth - sonnet ccviv and lost
						  moon. 
						
						 
another magnificent edition to bring in the new year
						  eh?
if you feel you have something to contribute to the site -
						  stories, poems art or music - please do so and together we'll keep winamop
						  going. the email button is at the bottom of this page. 
just remember it's 2025 when you are filling in those
						  forms or writing cheques*.. cheques? who uses those now? i'm living in the
						  past..
toodle-pip.
ed.

(* i believe these are (were) called
						  "checks" in us "english" ;-)

 
something you missed? catch up on previous editions
						by clicking this word. they are all
						there, right back to 2003.
 

 

 winamop was conceived on a
						  whim, is run on a shoestring, ignored by the many, loved by the few and has
						  continued unabashed since 2003. 
all human life is here,
						  experienced people, skilled writers and rank amateurs, sometimes they hit the
						  mark, sometimes they belly-flop (sometimes they mix their metaphors). you pick
						  up the pieces and make of them what you will. find out about us
						  here and about the site here.the contributor's guidelines are
						  here and the e-mail button is below.
						   
we hope to continue to maintain a showcase
						  for new writing which will grow as you, dear readers, augment the efforts of
						  the in-house team. we have over 800 unique pages so far but, quite frankly, we
						  need more... 
have a good look around and if you feel
						  that you'd like to contribute in any genre, then don't be shy, send it in! the
						  copyright remains yours, and you could win a mop (unlikely, as i've run
						  out). 
jump straight to a category using the
						  buttons at the top of the page, they work from any page. remember, it's all
						  free and is made from 100% natural ingredients!

by the way, we use a cookie to record your
						  page ratings, if you don't rate a page you won't get one!


search winamop







   

 
 winamop search 

 






 


click here


 




 







© winamop 2025 

