



















cascades sonoco | packaging solutions












skip to main content






cascades sonoco


menu













coatings & laminations






surfshield™ coatings and laminations








fluteshield® corrugated medium








flexshield® barrier coating












roll packaging








sustainability








news








about us










header links


(888) 203-6548


contact & support






















shield your products sustainably


for more than 30 years, customers have relied on cascades sonoco for sustainable, durable, and innovative packaging solutions. our products are supported by the strength and resources of two companies working seamlessly as one.



sustainability
our track record




 

















coatings & laminations


100% recyclable & repulpable


compare our solutions










flexshield®





this revolutionary water-based treatment is water-resistant, grease-resistant, and fda compliant for direct food contact. flexshield is the new ideal for takeout boxes and hot cups.



explore flexshield®














surfshield®





our proprietary surfshield coatings and laminations better protect your products from environmental damage. the surfshield line includes all resin-based and water-based coatings as well as our specialty films and foil.



explore surfshield®














fluteshield®





used in concert with surfshield® paper coating, fluteshield® offers a complete wax replacement solution.



explore fluteshield®
















 






roll packaging


cascades sonoco is the industry leader in roll packaging solutions. and our dry-tech™ innovation is a big reason why. its moisture barrier system protects products and ensures customer satisfaction throughout the paper, printing, and converting supply chain.



explore roll packaging












we are at the forefront of packaging and protective solutions. stay in touch to see what we’re doing next.



join our mailing list












strong packaging, steady gain.
let's talk about your business goals. we can turn your needs into customized solutions.
        

email



subject



message






            captcha
          






this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


submit




leave this field blank




















cascades sonoco




footer


privacy policy



copyright © 2025 cascades sonoco
website by cyberwoven





join our mailing list


email address



first name



last name



company




            captcha
          






this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


join














sitemap


