







wicks organs | wicks organs




































































skip to content












recent projectsglossarytechnical guidecontact usemploymentsearch




































 



about us 3rd generation pipe organs organ building process our people consoles solid state switching tonal philosophy videosrebuilds & additions pipe additions digital additions consoles keyboards solid state switching chimes & percussions new chests & actions revoicing & reconditioningserviceorgans for saleparts for salecontact us










 
















 








hand crafting music, one instrument at a time





































wick's family story






a love of music and crafting the most beautiful sounding and esthetically magnificent organs has been at the center of our passion for three generations. this heritage of craftsmanship continues even today as scott wick, the third generation of family ownership, guides the company into its second century.







read more
























organs for sale






enjoy the rich, deep sound and quality of an existing wicks organ that is available for relocation and re-homing to your existing space. click here to view images and specifications for available organs or contact us with specific questions.







view organs
























rebuilds & additions






a time may come when your organ may require updates or modifications. the wicks team can provide a professional evaluation of your organ and discuss options for enhancing its sound. click here to learn more or contact us with your specific needs.







read more
























service






ensure your pipe organ’s tonal qualities and actions are professionally maintained and kept in optimal performance condition. the wicks team of highly skilled service professionals are available to help with all your service needs.







get service




















over 110 years






continuing a family legacy






the wicks organ company started in the early 1900s on the second floor of a jewelry and watch-making store in highland, illinois. the local catholic priest had asked john wick to study organ and become the church organist. soon the parish wanted a new pipe organ to replace their aging reed organ, so john, with the help of his brothers, louis and adolph, started to work. using their talents as a watchmaker, a cabinet maker, and a jeweler, the three wicks created a small mechanical action instrument that successfully met the needs of their church. today, the third generation of the wick family continues the deep rich family legacy with a renewed focus on the traditions of quality, innovation, and customer satisfaction.







read more























service






wicks organ company service teams have established a reputation of reliability over the last 100+ years and we are continually working to improve that reputation with each of our customers. factory trained service teams stand ready to give your instrument service.

regularly scheduled tuning
complete tuning
touch-up tuning
systems check
leave card
emergency service

view services  >
 
 









recent projects
















west county sda church -chesterfield, mo 
wicks was contracted to build two replacement “fill-in” pipes for the churches rodgers hybrid instrument. the reclaimed hinners pipework (circa 1896) utilized in this instrument by the late ken kohler, namely the 4′ flauto traverso, was missing c#3 and d3 and were using the rodgers voices to fill in the gap. two new sugar pine…
read more → 













upcoming – opus 6389 – holy cross church – wendelin, illinois 
in april of 2023,  fire devastated the choir loft of holy cross church in wendelin, il. in the process, fire completely consumed the console of opus 3667  and water from the fight to extinguish it ravaged the chamber and pipework rendering the instrument a total loss.  its 5 ranks had faithfully served and accompanied generations…
read more → 













opus 2896 – peace united church of christ – jerseyville, illinois 
on saturday april 13th, 2024, fire destroyed the fellowship hall and offices of peace united church of christ in jerseyville, il. the sanctuary was mostly spared from the destruction, but left heavily caked in soot from the intense blaze. wicks opus 2896, a 2/3 “fuga” (with trumpet added by another service company making it 4…
read more → 















 



























wicks is a full-service organbuilder. we pride ourselves on building high-quality instruments designed to be beautiful, insightful, and useful for the purpose for which they are designed.









helpful links








employmentcontact ustechnical guideglossary










brands serviced






bosch
casavant
kilgen
möller
reuter
skinner
walker
wurlitzer









get in contact






phone:
(877)654-2191
(618)654-2191
 
fax:
(618)654-3770
 
go to contact form





















business address






416 pine st.
highland, il  62249
 
office hours:
mon. - fri. 8:00 - 5:00
 
shop hours:
mon. - fri. 8:00 - 4:30



















© 2020 wicks organs llc  |  all rights reserved









 
























