



































    
    limo service kansas city | party bus rental  | transportation services
  
  

















           call for pricing or text for a free quote913-441-2674info@kctransportation.com

  





       home



  fleet


   entire fleet



  kc new & premium vehicles



  corporate



  limousines



  entertainment buses



  trolleys & buses



  gallery





  quotes / reservations


   get a quick quote



  online reservation



  log in



  general policies



  free transportation consultation





  corporate



  about


   careers



  overland park limo service



  olathe limo service



  lawrence limo service





  reviews


   leavealimoservicereview





  events


   nfl draft private transportation service



  kansas city events



  custom promos and packages



  mci airport transportation



  wedding limo service



  prom limo service



  chiefs football games limo and party bus service



  kansas city royals limo and party bus service



  ncaa basketball big 12 tournament sprint center



  concert limo service


   kenny chesney concert limo service





  valentine's day limo service



  christmas lights limo tour



  new years limo and party bus



  jazzoo festival transportation



  party bus rental services



  super bowl party bus and limo services





  contact


   coronavirus sanitary private transportation service procedures



  coronavirus quarantine activities fun things to do ideas



  coronavirus limo and party bus special deals



  coronavirus birthday and date night ideas limo service














       
 





       
 limo service kansas city
   

call now for today's special rates! 913-441-2674

913-441-2674 




   



   with the highest quality limos, buses & luxury transportation vehicles celebrating our 30th year in business! the amazing experience starts with transportation!


   our
limo service in kansas city is here to help create your adventure in kc today!

your imagination is our limit - with our limo services, we handle all types of special occasions!
weddings   •   airport   •   corporate   •   prom   •   special events   •   party buses   •   trolley rentals


       

    

button







  

wedding limo service


     

    

button







  

airport transportation


     

    

button







  

corporate transportation


     

    

button







  

prom limousine service




   luxury ground transportation service & trolly rentals in kansas city



   



    kansas city limousine services
 best
kansas city limousine services for personal or professional transportation.



  
  wedding limo service


getting the right
wedding limo service 
for your special day is extremely important since it is the first place you go after you say “i do”. it’s the moment where it’s just you and the one you love or sometimes all the ones you love – with closest friends and family present.let your
wedding transportation service add to the experience of your special day. we have wedding limos, party buses and trolleys to help accommodate any size wedding.


    airport transportation service


there is so much going through a person’s mind before or after they fly. let us help ease the stress of your travel with the best
airport transportation services 
in kansas city.with affordable, luxurious
airport ground transportation service to and from mci, there is no doubt you’ll make your destination in a comfortable and stress-free manner. our chauffeurs will make sure you get to your flight safely and in a timely manner.



  
  corporate limo service


from sleek limos perfect for
corporate limo service to spacious party buses for a night out on the town, we've got you covered. need a reliable airport transfer or private sedan service? we've got that too. and let's not forget our charming trolley rentals, adding a touch of whimsy to corporate events.at custom limousine inc, we pride ourselves on delivering professional, sophisticated ground transportation, ensuring you arrive on-time and in style.


    prom limo service


this is one of those moments in life you’ll always remember and with
prom limo service from custom limos inc., you will receive the perfect complimentary ride to create an experience of a lifetime from start to finish. we offer state-of-the-art, luxury limos, trolleys or
prom party buses to transport groups large and small for your big night.our professional chauffeurs have years of experience and guarantee a safe and fun ride for your teen's special day in
kansas city,
overland park,
olathe ks and the kansas city area.



   luxury ground transportation service & trolly rentals in kansas city



   



    special event transportation service & trolly rentals in kansas city




       

    

button







  

birthdays


     

    

button







  

special events


     

    

button







  

concerts & sports


     

    

button







  

nights out




      




professional﻿reliable service

    




competitive﻿affordable rates

   
















impeccable﻿customer service



   



   
     

   tour de kc with trolley tour service... see kc!


 by custom limousine
•
june 1, 2023

rent a trolley limo in kansas city. send summer off with a gorgeous, scenic view of kansas city, missouri in a luxury trolley limo.  let custom limousine inc. show you and your friends all that kansas city has to offer with a customized trolley tour of the city.
 




   

   why custom limousine is higher priced


 by limoking
•
august 8, 2017

why are we a higher price? you pay for what you get!!! when booking a trolley, luxury car or a bus for the night; price is always a major concept to take into consideration.  but what factors go into a company’s price? have you ever wondered why custom limousine inc. costs just a little bit...
 





 show more




 



   
  



 
we will handle all of your corporate transportation needs with pristine professionalism and quality service. our
kansas city corporate limo service , car service and shuttle service is great for airport pickups and drop offs, meetings, conventions and seminars. you can set up a corporate account with our kc limo company for simple, fast and easy reservations. 


   
  



 
your special day is our specialty. we have the
best wedding limo service in kansas city which includes: limousines, party buses & limo trolleys!  we are here to make sure your wedding
limo service in overland park and kansas city is second to none!  a satisfied customer is the only customer in our minds, so we will take all the necessary steps to assure that each and every time.


   



    best limousine service kansas city
 our company is dedicated to providing the
best limousine service kansas city has to offer for any and all of your luxury ground transportation needs. your satisfaction of service is our main priority with each and every customer, no matter what the service or occasion may be. no job is too big or too small for us to accommodate your travel needs. we have a large selection of vehicles to choose from including luxury sedans, suv's, stretch limousines, party bus, sprinter vans, shuttle buses, charter buses, trolley limos and executive buses. with such a large selection of luxury vehicles in our fleet, we are sure to have the exact size and style of ride to meet your group's needs.we look forward to the opportunity to service you and show why we are considered the 
best limousine service company in kansas city, overland park, 
olathe 
and throughout the entire kc area.  if you need help making any arrangements for any of our limo, sedan, suv, party bus or shuttle bus services, we are just a quick phone call away. we pride ourselves in providing personalized service to help assure you get the exact luxury vehicle and transportation service that you are looking for.


     









   

get a quick quote


      



   limousine rentals kansas city 
| overland park limo | olathe limo | lawrence weddings, corporate events, airport transportation, prom, birthdays, bachelor and bachelorette parties, anniversaries, limo 
tours


   please take a moment to share your experience with us on one of these review sites.


    


  


  




   custom limousine inc.11531 kaw dr, kansas city ks 66111 
customize your transportation needs with the highest quality and professional limos trolleys and buses in olathe, overland park 
and throughout the entire kansas city 
area. follow us

 
 

call for quick free quotes   

(913) 441-2674

    

 

 





 
 




   limo website design
by veermobile.com















































































































  
  share by:








