





forestranger.org








 










forestranger.org 

 













membership application:
     word           
		pdf


 



local chapters


 



historic ranger station photos by les joslin


 



nationalforestry.net


 



home














 
 

               welcome!
this site is sponsored by the american resources group®, washington, d.c., in cooperation with the national forestry 
	association.
 
 


please join!
 
 



forestranger.org is the 
	membership category of the national forestry association

	members receive two copies/year of national forestry magazine

	dues: $10/yr or $25/three years (best buy)

	please mail your check (payable: national forestry ass'n.)
	along with your name and address to:

	forestranger.org
	374 maple ave. e. suite 310
	vienna, va 22180
 
 notes from district rangers


i also included what has been developed on this district 
	as we call it a gorilla gate. we are adjacent to a major urban center and 
	gates and other facilities are vandalized on a regular basis. we have worked 
	with one of our many "friends "groups and to control access we had a gate 
	company design this for us. it has a unique locking system that takes 
	combination padlocks, but makes it very difficult to damage them or take 
	them off of the gate. these are expensive but with all of the repairs we 
	have been doing they will in the long term be cheaper. just one of the ideas 
	that we share with other rangers. keep in touch. it was good talking 
	to you.  once a ranger , always a ranger. art wirtzdistrict 
	rangermesa ranger districttonto national forest
 


excerpt from  
	national forestry magazine (spring 2007 issue)










february 15, 2006


mount hood oregon chapter completes first 
	project

	although only 6 months old, the first chapter of forestranger.org has 
	completed a project. working in partnership with the mt. hood cultural 
	center & museum in government camp, the mt. hood chapter helped initiate the 
	restoration and adaptive use of the two unique a-frame forest ranger 
	residences already nearing historic status. if forestranger.org had not 
	moved quickly, they would have been surplused and removed.

	as a result of a timely special use permit, and provision of needed 
	liability insurance with the assistance of the american resources group 
	through forestranger.org, the museum sponsored a blacksmith training program 
	in one of the buildings. the program teaches how to construct replicas of 
	the historic ironwork fashioned by ccc craftsmen in the construction of 
	timberline lodge and other cascadian design forest buildings.

	the second cabin is slated to become an integral part of the new village 
	trails plan. additional efforts are under way provide space for a fiber arts 
	program teaching historic spinning, dyeing and felting skills.

	good for the community, good for history, and putting historic but now 
	surplus national forest buildings to continuing good use. this is what 
	forestranger.org is all about.

	 




december 23, 2005

new group to protect historic ranger stations
 






in sept. more than 50 usfs retirees gathered in portland, oregon to 
	celebrate the agency’s
	centennial. forestranger.org and ffla shared an exhibit which was a popular 
	attraction.





on september 3, 2005 forestranger.org was organized in portland, 
	oregon. it is an association of people throughout the u.s, concerned about 
	the future of historic structures within the national forest system and 
	other public lands.

the new organization has five goals:

	1. to work to reconnect u.s. forest service offices with rural communities 
	through partnerships in re-opening closed facilities (i.e. guard stations, 
	work centers) and offices (i.e. ranger stations, visitor centers) to serve 
	the public.

	2. to increase public awareness of the multiple use benefits of responsible 
	and productive stewardship of public lands.

	3. to open new lines of communication with urban-based populations.

	4. to protect historic forest service structures with emergency maintenance.

	5. to assist in program development and community support for 
	appropriations.

	the organization will be guided with a national board of directors working 
	through local chapters throughout the u.s. keith argow will serve as the 
	convening chair until a national board of directors is selected. nominations 
	(volunteers are encouraged to contact argow@cs.net or call (888) grn-tree.)

	dues are set at $10/year during the development phase. all this money will 
	go into an escrow account to be used for organization, newsletters and 
	mailings. the national forestry association will support the new 
	organization by providing a quarterly report in the forestry advantage 
	newsletter.

	actions in the fourth quarter, 2005

	1. working capital fund for structures: beginning in 2006, all forest 
	service structures will be assessed a maintenance charge determined by 
	square footage. the funds will be withdrawn from benefiting functions. those 
	buildings, including some historic ccc structures, closed ranger stations, 
	surplus buildings, etc. that turn up under-funded could be reviewed for sale 
	or removal. this is an especially risky process for historic structures. the 
	agency is downsizing now, but likely to grow in the future.

	2. funds allocated to specific buildings may not necessarily be spent on 
	maintenance of those buildings. they will be allocated to the fund (wcf) and 
	withdrawn on a priority basis. structures without an apparent use or an 
	advocate could be charged for maintenance, but not maintained. this is an 
	important opportunity for volunteer support.

	3. the chair contacted all nine usfs regional foresters in september 
	alterting them to the problem with the request: “please don’t throw out 
	historic structures with the wcf.”

	4. the popular and effective passport in time (pit) project has received 
	budget reductions resulting in consolidations and possible discontinuation 
	of its informative newsletter. forestranger.org will seek to find 
	alternatives to get this word out to supporters to maintain the pit mission.

	readers, whether members or not, are encouraged to provide support and 
	comments to: forestranger.org, 374 maple ave. east, vienna, va 22180, email: 
	argow@cs.net.
 


copyright 2009 american resources, inc.  all rights reserved.   				updated 
	04/09/2010 

 


 
 










