





reinhold associates – a professional janitorial corporation

































skip to content


reinhold associates

				a professional janitorial corporation			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
our philosophy
testimonials
contact ra
 






home



reinhold associates
a professional janitorial corporation
about us

cleaning and janitorial work in abilene tx





welcome!
count on our commercial and industrial cleaning company covering all of abilene and the taylor and jones counties., to provide a deep clean you can see.




about services…
at h & l janitorial service, we specialize in custom commercial and industrial cleaning services, and our clients have come to trust and expect professional, consistent cleaning with every visit.
whether you have a small office or a large industrial building, our experienced team provides dedicated, dependable, first-rate services you can rely on. contact us regarding our services or to schedule an appointment. we guarantee same day quotes.
why choose us?

free same-day quotes
uniformed employees
state of the art equipment
bonded & liability insured
services available 24/7


serving for over 30 years
environmental “green cleaning”
all-hours emergency service
all employees background checked






our philosophy
we take the time to hand select our staff, background checked as well as drug tested. we thoroughly train each employee, they are bonded and insured and always in uniform. we take much pride in our team and continue to work hard in their development.
more about us…



in the cobb neighborhood of abilene.








the verdict

paul stripped and waxed or floors in our office, and did a superb job of it! he was friendly, happy and worked very hard. we were amazed at how good the floor looked when he was finished! we certainly will have corporate cleaners back to do it again next year!
great job paul, and thank you!
tamara f.


our commitment
customized services
we pride ourselves in the relationships we have cultivated and the clients we have served for the past 30 years, and are always looking for solutions to better serve our customers and grow with them. allow us to customize a program that will best suit your unique needs.
contact reinhart associates so we can make a first clean impression!






if you are in dallas metroplex and north texas, we highly recommend the commercial and office cleaning services of dallas janitorial, one of the leaders in janitorial cleaning in all of texas.










reinhold associates,
proudly powered by wordpress.	footer








