



 



timothy grayson - autodidact and 21st-century renaissance man

















loading...






no logo



show menu



hide menu



home
oeuvre
career
me
50 shades lite
contact

 
 










i innovate and create;
								i pull-apart and reconstruct;
								i challenge and do things differently.
more about me





i speak and write about innovation, transformation, change, the unknown, and thinking differently.
explore my work





i help individuals and organizations reach their undiscovered countries by informing, educating, and inspiring.
see my experience





view my output
									(or read the blog)
									then contact me to learn more about how we can work together.
get in touch




photo credit: yiran ding
 
 
 
 




my oeuvre.

this is thought leadership. there is a cornucopia of thoughts on various subjects that have fascinated me over the years.
	         











business
ideas and meditations about digital and traditional business, including fresh metaphors for marketing and contemplations of the role of business in the world and in our daily lives.


 photo credit: gylan gillis



 






context and errata
a fit-all category that includes writings about complexity and chaos theories, entropy, emergence, power laws, behavioural economics, and so on.
also a broad array of notions, ideas, recommendations, opinion, satire, and whimsy in many styles.


 photo credit: milad fakurian




 







identity
work in online security and digital identity led to simple identity and what it means as the virtual world imposes itself on the physical world we understand. includes ideas about trust, privacy, and philosophy of self in the social context.


 photo credit: brett jordan




 






academic
for the academically incined, particularly those interested in historiography, here are some of my grad papers and thesis.


 photo credit: giammarco




 






every canadian's guide to common contracts
my first book was published in 2000 by harpercollins canada.




 






innovations
among other things, the us patent and trade-marks office awarded two patents for one of my innovative ideas.


 photo credit: terry vlisidis




 






the spaces in between
my second book, in 2011, was a compendium of too many ideas.




 






internet exodus
my 2015 novel was intended to be a brief, educational parable on the dangers of being online. (i got carried away.)




 
 
 
 
 




my career.

whether one of an army or an army of one, for decades i have exploited innovations and opportunities, building and transforming businesses, and cleaning up for large and small organizations.
	         









strategic

i prefer to look to the horizon (or at least the road) not the dashboard; then make strategy real, achieving objectives by implementing and adjusting plans as they encounter the inconvenience of reality. 
	         			

 




steady

i'm at my best in high-visibiliy, fluid, and difficult situations. i lead people to overcome hurdles, modelling vision and steadiness through turbulence and ambiguity of innovation and transformation.
	         			

 




energetic

i've been called an energetic, engaging, and inspiring leader and presenter. the evangelist in me persuades; the academic lectures; and the debater argues. i do best in english, but am nearly fluent in french and spanish.
	         			

 




persuasive

some people can sell ice to the inuit. i can't. but that said, it's been my experience that one way or another, people will come to my way of seeing things. 
	         			

 




consulting and coaching

using experience and wisdom to help others reach their peak by teaching, plying expertise, and guiding has the biggest impact. my business institute x and other roles are geared to this.
	         			

 




transformation & change

my business, institute x, is dedicated to orgnaizational transformation and change management because societal and cultural evolution starts with individuals and organizations.
	         			

 
 
 
 
 




who am i?

i am a guy that has gone through many stages and ages. i've evolved through layers of my own ignorance and hope that i am closer to being perfected. closer to wisdom.
	         




educated to make strange connections
my educational experience has been a long, winding walk. i was formally trained for business. then i studied history at a high level. add to that extended research and self-education in fields like behavioural and social psychology, chaos and complexity science. most recently, i've been fascinated by the idea of religion and its impact on people and societies.
	         
 

experienced to lead through change and evolution
i have been innovating for 25-years in industries as diverse as software, investment management, travel, and postal. i've been a genuine entrepreneur and an enterprise intrapreneur. i've moved across responsibilities from marketing to operations, product development to sales, i've been an "expert" and a "people manager" transforming as i go.
	         
 
 


why?
i move around because i get bored or frustrated with the restrictions and narrowness of what i have to do after i've been doing it for a while. also, there's increasing value to the surprising connections and naive approaches that come with carrying skills and knowledge from one domain to the next. besides, i firmly believe there is always a better way and always something that doesn't yet exist that will prove it.
	         
 

really, why?
to be good stewards (of money, society, and the planet), we have to be vigilant. comfort is the exact opposite. our duty is to make the most of our time for ourselves and for those to come. good guests bring something to the part, don't overstay, and leave the place better than they found it. if that means innovating and transforming and the discomfort that goes with it, so be it.
	         
 
 





















reach out to me.

i'm always eager to hear from people who share my interests and want to talk. use the form or the contact information below to get hold of me.
	         








first name *



last name *





email *



subject





message *




send message





 



your message was sent, thank you!

 
 
 




reaching me
if, like me, you prefer the reliable old(er) school methods to a web form, feel free to shoot me an email or give me a ring.
            
 



contact me


                  carleton place, on
                  canada
                  



ignorance at timothygrayson dot com

 

follow me


twitter
 
 
 

©1996-2023, timothy grayson. design by styleshout.

top

 
 










