

 

















chiropractor in glen carbon, highland & greenville, il | integrated medical group
























































































 glen carbon:  (618) 692-6700




 highland:  (618) 654-3900




 greenville:  (618) 664-3001





home
about

meet the doctors & staff


new patients

your first visit
what to expect
payment options

carecredit


online forms
privacy policy


schedule appointment
services

chiropractic care

back pain
upper back pain
lower back pain
ankle sprain
shoulder pain
neck pain
knee pain


immune system support
massage therapy
acupuncture
physical therapy
auto accident injuries

auto accident injury: faq
whiplash


nutritional & lifestyle advice
headaches and migraines
sports injuries
personal injury treatment
physiotherapy
muscle stimulation
mua (manipulation under anesthesia)
spinal & postural screenings
infared heat therapy
herniated disc


contact

glen carbon
highland
greenville


 













we welcome new patients

we invite you to contact us today to discuss your care.  please don’t hesitate to call us today.

 read more 





request an appointment today!

quickly and easily request your appointment online today.

 request appointment 






 call glen carbon
 call highland
 call greenville
request an appointment

















  request an appointment  

welcome to integrated medical group
here at integrated medical group, our chiropractic team of health professionals is pleased to offer an array of natural techniques to assist each patient in achieving optimal health and wellness levels. with 17 years of expertise, our chiropractors in glen carbon use integrated chiropractic techniques that are non-invasive to help promote pain relief and faster healing from injuries and degenerative conditions that affect the body.
our mission is to help you live the best life possible, and that is why we offer several innovative chiropractic techniques that many other chiropractors simply don’t have the skills or equipment to utilize just yet.






 our services 





 chiropractic care 

										achieving complete health care may sometimes require special and skilled care of a doctor of chiropractic. we consult with you to get a general medical history, identify any new concerns or pains you are experiencing, and provides a combination of manual manipulation and holistic therapies to put you back on the road to health! 									







 acupuncture including auriculotherapy and acu-staple 

										acupuncture is one of the most natural and effective ways to remove hindrances in the body’s natural functions and to promote healing. however, we offer two specialized methods of this ancient healing craft.									







 infrared light therapy 

										 similar to cold laser therapy, infrared light therapy has unique benefits that exceed cold laser treatments. light therapy is excellent to treat muscle damage, inflammation, and wounds such as burns and certain skin conditions. 									












unique chiropractic services at integrated medical group
we take great pride in the extensive experience of our chiropractic team and their efforts to be on the cusp of the latest innovations in holistic care. recently, we expanded our services to include a variety of new techniques.
learn more







kind words
 from our patients 




												they were all so nice and calm! they helped me with pains that i though could not be helped! i would recommend.
											

 a google reviewer 










												i highly recommend this place!!! i constantly have problems with my si joint getting locked up. i have went to other places and they simply cannot free up the joint. dr. lance rahden always gets it freed up and usually on the first visit. other places want you to come back 4 to 5 times so they can charge your insurance time and time again. he uses a quick and effective method and always gets me in on the day i call. if you want fixed up quickly and don't want a huge bill in the end give lance rahden a try!!!
											

 michael v. 




















	        				contact info
	        			


 glen carbon 


(618) 692-6700



 8 ginger creek parkwayglen carbon, illinois 62034 



 highland 


(618) 654-3900



 811 broadwayhighland, il 62249 



 greenville 


(618) 664-3001



 203 e main st greenville, il 62246 



 follow us 













 get in touch 



name*phone*email*

message*please use this form for general information purposes only. do not send personal health information through this form. specific patient care must be addressed during your appointment.phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















				© copyright 2025. integrated medical group | sitemap | accessibility


website by jet digital 



we are having phone and internet issues.please email us or text / call shannon at 618-799-2200 for help with appointments, questions, etc.we will contact you as soon as possible.
we apologize for the inconvenience.
email us  text us 



















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










