






topless waiters sydney, brisbane & perth – fun stuff































skip to content






topless waiters sydney, brisbane & perth



                                fun stuff                            












search for:



 




home
blog
buck parties to rember
contact us













topless waiters and waitresses for hire



                                                    see our guys                                                



                                                    see our girls                                                













male strippers for hire









                                    topless waiters                                

                                    hire us                                






                                    male strippers                                

                                    hire us                                






                                    contact us                                

                                    hire us                                










                                

                                female and male waiters for hire.
                                                        
                        







topless waiters for hire, brisbane & sydney 

australia’s largest and most experienced adult entertainment agency! we are australia’s home of female strippers for hire in brisbane, the gold coast, sydney, melbourne, perth & adelaide. not only do we provide first-rate bucks and hens party activity ideas, but our outstanding performers are of the highest class. bosom buddies has everything necessary for an unforgettable private party, including: topless party waitresses, nude barmaids and male strippers. if you’re looking for premium performers, you have come to the right place!
servicing all areas of australia, bosom buddies presents only the very best in style that australia can provide! our sweet and sexy showgirls, exotic dancers, nude and topless waitresses are available for hire and are of unparallelled quality, entertaining and providing your guests with an experience like nothing you have ever seen before.

our bikini and lingerie party girls and male showmen hold themselves second to none, and will cater to the needs of your function, regardless of theme, age or demographic. it doesn’t matter if you’re looking to get a bit wild, or if you want to keep it more relaxed and not too over the top, we service all varieties of clientele. bosom buddies gives you ideal and convenient party solutions for bucks nights, private office functions, sporting break-ups, birthday celebrations, poker events, bbq’s and so much more!
do you live out of the city cbd? or, is your function on the road and constantly moving locations throughout the day? i bet you’d like our hot female strippers or sexy topless waitresses and nude barmaids to ride along for the party! all travel and accommodation expenses will be priced when you make your booking, so wherever you’re going, whatever you require to get the party started, bosom buddies will be there to help!
are you throwing a huge private event and need a more tailored package to suit your function? a combination of bikini models, lingerie waitresses, topless barmaids, event promotional staff and stunning dancers can be hired to give your event all the variety and enjoyment needed to satisfy your guests. but be advised, there is no better way to finish a night with a bang than with a hot stripper or lesbian duo show. that should keep the boys entertained until the sun comes up! and remember, whatever particular arrangement you decide, we are always creating entertaining and fun memories that will last a lifetime.

bosom buddies will cater to any event of any size, whether it’s a party of 1, 100 or 10, 000. our female glamor gals are up for it and ready to go today! all you need to do is pick the ladies and the services you need. then, just pick up that phone and give us a call! if you have any questions regarding any of our expert services please contact us via email using our online contact form or call us anytime. and remember if you want more then just a topless waiter hire a male stripper at sydneymalestrippers.com.au







 












            designed by smartcat 








            http://twitter.com        













