








global products int'l group - design and manufacturing firm













































 







contact us now!   info@global-products.com   |   +1 (844) 345-1025




toggle navigation








home
products
processes
about us
contact us
 









welcome
global products international group





design. manufacture. ship. warehouse.
global products is your doorway to the world’s products.
 global products international group is an aggressive design and manufacturing firm that produces high-quality, affordable products for a variety of industries. since our inception in 1998, global products has strived to meet and exceed our customers’ expectations through timeliness, premium quality, design and service, and a lower cost base.
learn more about the products and processes we offer:
products
global products offers a diverse range of manufacturing goods, including pvc, pultruded and injection molded items. learn more here >
processes
global products can manufacture using a wide-range of processes, including extrusion, injection molding, die casting and plating. learn more here >
 
contact us for more information




contact us






if you are human, leave this field blank.


name
        *


first


last
        *


last


email
        *




phone number
        




website
        




message
        *




captcha
        














please visit our family of companies

gpi millworks is a designer and manufacturer of innovative, affordable and durable millworks products.
gpimillworks.com


simply elegant has been making beautiful fenestration products, including retractable screens and locksets, for over a decade.
simplyelegantproducts.com


althea medical group provides high quality medical equipment and supplies for the healthcare industry.
altheamedicalgroup.com














info@global-products.com+1 (844) 345-1025

learn more
productsprocesses
about uscontact us




our companies
gpi millworkssimply elegantalthea medical group

© 1998-2018 global products international group, llc. all rights reserved.





















