












































nanofabrication facility













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







snf & snsf merger - stay tuned for more info!











 



search this site

submit search



menu
aboutequipment listselectronics shop (spf)equipmentratesmissionhistorynano@stanfordvisitcontactsstaff listtechnical liaisonsconsultantsfor emergenciesfab coursesjoinproject feasibilityinternal (stanford/slac)external organizationsrates/fees for lab usefee schedulesorganization categoryequipment usesoft cap systemstaff supportoverheadfor labmembersequipment tablestaff listaccount faq'swhat's a pta?how do i switch pta's?how do i add a pta?how do i change affiliation?how do i reactivate my labmembership?what is the billing cycle?other lab faq'svisitor policysafety refreshphoto & video policynemo lmsnemo kioskwhat are my current charges?lab communicationpersonal storagesafety trainingsnf lab manual1 general policies1.1 labmembership1.2 lab fees1.3 lab resources1.4 committees and groups1.5 other lab policies2 getting around2.1 communications2.2 for successful experiments...2.3 equipment training & use2.4 accessing the labs2.5 lab dress codes3 safety for all3.1 safety roles & responsibilities3.2 general lab safety3.3 working alone & the buddy rule3.4 special health considerations3.5 lab hazards overview3.6 building alarms3.7 how to respond: evacuations3.8 how to respond: specific situations4 general chemical safety4.1 training requirements4.2 chemical safety information4.3 chemical hazard classes4.4 chemical storage4.5 response for chemical exposure or spill4.6 chemical waste4.7 using chemicals4.8 personal protective equipment4.9 new chemicals & materials4.10 liquid chemicals at snf4.11 hazardous gases overview4.12 specific hazardous gases5 appendices5.1 acceptable cleanroom materials5.2 transferring wafers5.3 snf rules of conduct5.4 lab video policy5.5 cleanroom gowning procedurejob postingslabuser guide



     nanofabrication facility
    













 

































main content start



 



welcome to snf!the stanford nanofabrication facility serves academic, industrial, and governmental researchers across the u.s. and around the globe. more than a lab, it's a vibrant research community. we are one of the four labs that are part of nano@stanford, under the nsf national nanotechnology coordinated infrastructure program.snf includes a 10,000 sq ft cleanroom housing tools for device fabrication, satellite labs supporting metal organic chemical vapor deposition (mocvd), new experimental fabrication methods (exfab) and the electronics shop for systems prototyping (spf). snf supports researchers in applications ranging from medicine and biology to fundamental physics and astronomy. we welcome researchers from all disciplines wishing to explore uses of micro- and nano- fabrication.





 



snf in the news!school of engineering to upgrade stanford nanofabrication facility. there will be a lot more new tools -- and a lab expansion! this will be a multi-year project, with new tools starting to make their appearance in late 2025 - stay tuned for more info in coming months!microdicer and micrograter make quick work of tumor dissection. this stanford report describes the work of sindy tang's lab which makes extensive use of the pt-dse and the nanoscribe. bonus snf points: this work began as an e241 project!researchers make mouse skin transparent using a common food dye. also known as the "doritos mouse skin" discovery featured on npr and nbc news.


new equipment @snf2025 will see a lot of new equipment in the lab, with even more acquisitions under discussion. for more information, check out our new equipment acquisition site (please note, access requires a sunet id.)


snf enters the new hydrogen economy!
 


on nov. 7, snf said "goodbye" to its bulk liquid hydrogen tank. earlier this year, we commissioned a new on-site hydrogen generation system. and while we are still coming up the learning curve in its operation and maintenance, it's already a money saver (over $100k/year) and has much smaller environmental footprint than bulk h2. what's next? this space will be used to house a new nitrogen generator. bulk liquid nitrogen accounts for over 10% of snf's operating costs - and has a large environmental footprint compared with on-site generation. fabs are expensive and resource-intensive facilities to operate -- anything we can do to reduce costs and reduce ecological impact will help everyone's research dollars go farther and with easier conscience! this investment in snf's future is made possible by the contributions of the school of engineering and eh&s.





 



nw ai hub of microelectronics commonsstanford and uc berkeley co-lead the pacific northwest ai hardware hub, one of eight microelectronics commons hubs, funded by the chips act under the dod. the nw ai hub is comprised of physical and virtual resources (including snf), brought together to support regional and national needs for lab-to-fab transition of ai hardware. the northwest-ai-hub consists of dozens of academic institutions, national labs, and industry partners, spanning the entire semiconductor value chain, from materials, devices, eda and chip design, packaging, as well as system prototyping and testing.





 














    back to top
  









stanford

 
nanofabrication facility



        web login
      



address

paul g. allen building
420 via palou mall
stanford, ca 94305
united states





youtube channel






links to


labuser guide


nano@stanford




resources for


snf labmembers


prospective labmembers













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






