










art saint louis










































a+
r
a-




 







homenewsnow showingin the galleryst. louis gallery guidecoming soonup next in the gallerygallery exhibition schedulecalendar viewblogget involvedbecome a memberjoin our email listdonate nowsubmit artwork (calls for entries)volunteerexhibit art by stl regional artistsevent rental at art saint louisaboutwho we areour mission and our peopleour missionstaff and boardasl member websiteswhat we doprograms and servicesjuried exhibitionsexhibit servicesproperty developersinterior designbusiness ownershealthcareportfolio reviewsmore infoprevious gallery exhibitionsfinancial reportsprivacy policyevent rental at art saint louisart saint louis covid-19 safety measurescontact














call for entries: confluence

art saint louis presents confluence, a juried visual art exhibition with artworks that that explore our place at the meeting of the rivers, including images with landscapes, nature,...
read more...









gasp

gasp  january 11-february 12, 2025 please join art saint louis for our first exhibit of 2025, gasp, a juried group exhibit featuring new original artworks by 60...
read more...









varsity art 29

art saint louis presents our 29th annual invitational varsity art exhibition featuring undergraduate and graduate level art students representing 23 regional collegiate institutions. varsity art 29  march...
read more...









donate now
thank you for your interest in supporting art saint louis. as a nonprofit organization, we rely on the generosity of individuals, businesses, corporations, and foundations to transform ideas...
read more...






1234 












	latest news & comments	



jan
30



			new call for entry




 
we are pleased to announce that our next call for entries has just been published for our summer 2025 exhibition, confluence. 
confluence, a juried visual art exhibition, will consider original artworks that that explore our place at the meeting of the rivers, including images with landscapes, nature, river life. we will also consider other interpretations of the theme, which might include imagery that addresses what it means to join together or merge ideas, cultures, communities. all explorations and interpretations of the theme are considered. deadline: march 31, 2025. you can learn about the exhibit and review our rules of entry here.





jan
10



			reception postponed




 
due to the additional snow and ongoing poor road conditions in the st. louis region, we are going to postpone our reception for the gasp exhibition. what with 60 artists in the exhibit and some of them traveling to st. louis from locations a bit further than just the stl metro area, we feel that postponing our event is the wise choice for all. so, please join us, won't you, on saturday, january 25 from 5 to 7 p.m. for a free reception for this new exhibition.
gasp does begin tomorrow, saturday, january 11, and continues through wednesday, february 12 with regular gallery hours (m-f 8 a.m.-4 p.m., sat. 9 a.m.-3 p.m.). closed january 20 for the martin luther king jr. holiday.thank you for your patience and understanding and we wish you all safe travels if you really do have to venture out into the winter weather.






				page 1 of 26			
12345678910»end 






 

 


member login				
 




user name



password



remember me






 



			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?













join our email list
 donate now 




 




 home of 
 




 





art saint louis │ 2801 locust street │ st. louis, mo │ 63103 │ p: 314-410-7576 │        

               




			
copyright © art saint louis. all rights reserved.						designed by joomshaper

scroll to top






