

winstock and winstock pro






 





winstock and winstock pro are the premier internet-based stock market tracking programs
for windows 95/98 and windows nt.
we now accept credit cards for
registration payment.  click here to register via
visa, mastercard or american express.
winstock
1.19.0 and winstock pro 2.6.0 are
now available as free upgrades to current users.  new features
include news alerts (winstock pro only), more quote
servers and free real-time quotes!  news alerts allow
you to have winstock pro alert you when new news is available for your selected
securities.

winstock 
winstock is our basic product.  it provides automatic quote retrieval, export to
    quicken, ticker bar, portfolio display, printed reports, news retrieval, market indices
    and more.  detailed product sheet available.
 
winstock pro 
winstock pro is our advanced product.  in addition to all the features of winstock,
    it adds: multiple portfolios, automatic dialup, e-mail and paging, audible alarms,
    flexible export and more.  detailed product sheet available.

comparison of features


feature
winstock
winstock
    pro


automatic stock quote retrieval






free delayed quotes






real-time quotes with paid subscription from quote vendor






portfolio management






ticker toolbar






printed reports






automatic quicken export and import






14 different quote servers, including market index quotes, options,
    commodities, foreign exchanges






historical graphs at a single mouse-click






business news for securities at a single mouse-click






fast, multi-threaded operation






news alerts
 




enhanced portfolio management including multiple portfolios,
    commissions, cash and automatic currency conversion
 




automatic foreign currency conversions
 




intra-day graphs
 




enhanced alarms and indicators including % change, profit/loss,
    volume
 




e-mail and pager support including alarms and quote updates
 




enhanced import/export of intra-day quotes, end-of-day quotes
 




export to popular formats including metastock, quoteline and
    prodigy quotetrack
 




custom file export in any format for spreadsheets or database
    programs
 




enhanced browsing with more data sources for graphs and news
 




built-in support for edgar
 




our mission
winstock was the first full-featured internet-based stock ticker on the web.  we
are committed to providing state-of-the-art solutions for stock market and portfolio
tracking.  our goal to provide the most full-featured, easiest-to-use software
available.


winstock™ and winstock pro™ are trademarks of winstock software
  in the united states and other countries.  the winstock ticker-tape machine logo is
  copyright © 1994-2001 winstock software.  all rights reserved.
quicken is a registered trademark and/or registered service mark of
  intuit inc. in the united states and other countries. other brands or products are
  trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks or registered service marks of their
  respective holders and should be treated as such. 

 
 
[home]
send mail to 
webmaster@winstocksw.com with questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © 1997-2003 
winstock software
last modified: 
january 07, 2005
