




crime stoppers of central iowa


































           crime stoppers of central iowa
welcome
  cases  
unsolved crimes

retail theft
    sponsors  
sponsors
    misc  
external links
    about  
support us

about us

admin     
      submit a tip    tip follow-up    download the mobile app      welcome    submit a tip    tip follow-up    mobile app   

telephone tip
tipsters can anonymously report a crime by calling 515-223-1400, or 800-452-1111. make sure you get your id number, from the call center, once they have documented your tip. you will need that to identify yourself if your tip leads to the arrest and conviction of the criminal. 

online web tip
tipsters now have the option of giving us tips online. the process is completely secure and anonymous. click here for the online web tip form or download the p3 tips app.
scholarships
four $1000 scholarships are available to seniors who plan to pursue a career in law enforcement.
all applicants must submit a one-page typed essay describing why they want to pursue a career in law enforcement. additionally, students must provide a copy of their high school transcript, class rank, and act/sat scores. they should also list their extracurricular and community activities and include the names of three non-relatives for recommendations. applications are available online at the link below.
application deadline is march 31, 2025. applicants will be judged on character, academics, community involvement and essay content. 
pccsscholarshipapplication.docx

send your application by march 31, 2025 to:
crime stoppers of central iowa
5995 ne 14th street
des moines, ia 50313
email: crimestoppersofcentraliowa@gmail.com

 


 

			follow us on facebook




 




we need your help to continue to support local law enforcement in making our community a great place to work and live.


    




       crime stoppers of central iowa navigate360 © 2025 all rights reserved    






×
loading...


                                            loading... 
                                        

ok












×
loading...


                                             loading...
                                        

close



















