


eco-fridge appliances - home of energy efficient appliances














oasis montana 
			inc.
renewable energy supply and design
			call us!  406-777-4321 or 4309
			fax: 406-777-4309
e-mail: 
			info@oasismontana.com

			home page: www.oasismontana.com




oasis montana inc. is a woman-owned and 
			operated small montana business that was incorporated in 1999 that 
			employees 100% minority, disabled veterans. we are proud to have 
			been helping people being energy efficient & energy independent for 
			over 25 years.










energy efficient appliances
		to help with off-grid living 
		or just keeping a cap on your energy usage









we
        at oasis montana inc. have decided to expand our line of energy star 
		certified, efficient appliances to help lighten the electrical load for 
		those of you that are off-grid or just want to become a more savvy 
		energy consumer.  we hope you will be able to find what you seek 
		here (if not, ask, we may know who is offering what you need).  
		keep checking back as we are continually on the look out for more 
		quality, energy star certified appliances to offer you.


money invested in energy-efficient appliances reduces the upfront 
		cost of renewable energy designed homes several fold.


		thank you so much for your interest in energy
      efficiency!  if you would like to learn more about saving energy and
      renewable energy home power systems, just visit oasis
      montana.

note: appliances are not stocked locally and 

ship from our suppliers located 
	back east.
 








"conservation may be a sign of personal virtue, 
 but it is not a sufficient basis for a sound, comprehensive energy policy."former vice-president cheney was incorrect, 
			efficiency is one way to save dollars and energy; the cheapest power 
			is that which we do not use.    here are some appliances that can help use less energy and keep a lid on your electric bill.  also visit
           www.aceee.org and  www.energystar.gov for information about other efficient appliances.


*******
 


click on the links to the left to get further information about these 
	products.




small foot 
		print energy star refrigerators with 
		euro styling


check out the energy star certified, efficient summit euro-fridge, featuring tall, slim, attractive, 
		2' x 2' european styling, with the freezer on 
		the bottom and the refrigerator compartment at eye level.  









"a refrigerator without an automatic icemaker 
		and dispenser 
		will use 14 to 20 percent less energy."





small foot print 
		energy star refrigerators with traditional styling




these energy star certified traditional american styled
refrigerators are popular with apartment dwellers, retired 
		couples or anyone else that is concerned with energy efficiency and 
		limited space requirements.

 













energy star
		dorm-fridge


these energy efficient counter height 
		refrigerators are perfect for the dorm room, rvs, boats or just an extra 
		fridge to keep your beer cold in the garages or rec room.
















		click here to read more about the government's criteria and testing 
		procedures for evaluating energy star certification for refrigerators.


 



vestfrost refrigerators 
		and...



a long time favorite by many, made by vestfrost of 
		denmark, these sleek and popular energy efficient refrigerators are 
		suited for the off-grid home as well as the apartment dweller; tall and 
		slender, their small 2' x 2' footprint will fit in most spaces.   
		these vestfrost refrigerators were formerly called conserv and are still 
		made in denmark and imported to the u.s. for discriminating consumers.




 





the summit ffbf181es



		as of august 2013, vestfrost has discontinued manufacture of the  
		stainless steel version of the above model.  however, summit 
		appliance, the distributor of vestfrost in the u.s., has come out with a 
		replica of the danish stainless-steel refrigerator. check it out by 
		clicking on the link to the left.





 



useful information
the average refrigerator consumes more energy than any other 
				household appliance. we spend over $10 billion in the u.s., 
				alone, to supply energy to our household refrigerators. the 
				following tips will save you money and reduce your carbon 
				(energy) footprint:1) clean the filter and coils annually: most americans rarely, 
				if ever, get around to vacuuming out the filter and coils on the 
				back of the fridge. a dusty coil can increase energy consumption 
				by 20 percent or more.2) keep it full but not stuffed: a fridge and freezer will be 
				able to retain their coolness better if they're full. if you're 
				not at full capacity, place a few containers of water in the 
				'fridge or bags of ice in the freezer.3) think about what you want before you open the fridge. every 
				time you open the fridge to browse for a snack, you consume 
				around 9 to 13 watt/hours, which is enough power to light a 
				60-watt bulb for 10 minutes.4) let hot items cool before placing them in the refrigerator.
5) defrost the freezer regularly.6) check the door gaskets for a tight seal.
7) cover liquids and foods stored in the refrigerator. uncovered 
				foods release moisture and make the compressor work harder.
8) if your fridge is older than 1993, get a new one. you're 
				spending so much on your electric bill, you'll actually save 
				money. new models use less energy than a 75-watt light bulb. be 
				sure to look for the energy star label (www.energystar.gov 
				and www.aceee.org 
				for more information).
above tips compliments of
					http://www.organicconsumers.org/ 




still not convinced you should swap out your old 
		refrigerator?  well,  our energy-efficient refrigerators also 
		...




run quieter

run less often

release less heat into your kitchen

keep their contents cool 
	longer during power outages because they have more
					insulation.




























		new: energy-efficient 
		ac or dc upright refrigerators/
		freezers from sun frost


available in 19, 16, 12, 10, and 4 cu. ft., sun frost super efficient 
	refrigerators and freezers run on either ac or dc power, making them an 
	affordable choice for photovoltaic-run households.
	 





dc
      chest style freezers & refrigerators 




sundanzer chest-style energy
    efficient dc refrigerators and energy efficient dc freezers offer low
    maintenance and high energy efficient refrigeration and cooling.  these
    will run off of your 12v or 24v battery bank.







 





		please call or
		e-mail us for 
		spec sheets on most of these goods --
 and for freight costs.  
please see our
		
		testimonial page to see what others are saying about
 oasis montana inc.








also check out other renewable
                          energy products at www.oasismontana.com

                          as well as these related sites:


							*************




dc
                                  fridge, freezers
lp
                                  appliances

composting 
								toilets


conserv
                                  efficient fridge
eco
                                  appliance home page
pv
                                  water pumping


pv
                                  solar panels
renewable
                                  energy home pg
kitchen
                                  gas ranges


go to our
quick
                          link site map














			oasis montana inc.
renewable energy 
			supply and design
			436 red fox lane
			stevensville, mt 59870




e-mail us for free 
			information on system sizing; or order our design guide & product 
			catalog for $10.00  ($18.00 for international customers)
contact 
			oasis montana:
			1(406) 777-4309 
			or 1(406) 777-4321
			fax: 406-777-4309



mailto: 

info@oasismontana.com

home page 

www.oasismontana.com



 





