




burma campaign uk
























































 
































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footerburma campaign ukmenuheader searchsearch sitesubmit searchcampaign news
media

news
reports
burma briefing
blog


take action

campaign actions
investment and trade in burma
dirty list
free all political prisoners
persecution of the rohingya
arms embargo
aid to burma


support us

donate
t-shirt store
fundraising for burma
leave a gift in your will
trade union affiliation
sign up to our action network


about burma

introduction
timeline of the coup
fake 2010 elections
cyclone nargis
2007 uprising in burma
aung san suu kyi


about us

about us
contact us


resources
donate
searchsearch sitesubmit search




take action!
un warns of imminent famine in rakhine state.sign our petition calling on the un secretary general to act now to prevent famine.

take action now






latest news
joint letter calling for us sanctions on myanma economic bank
february 1, 2025myanmar: four years after coup, world must demand accountability for atrocity crimes
january 31, 2025airbus: tell avic to choose between business with burmese military or with airbus
january 27, 2025













campaign t-shirts

support our work and raise awareness about the situation in burma by getting a burma campaign uk t-shirt, hoodie, sweater, tote bag or poster. plus new mugs, notebooks and aprons!


find out more




airbusted!

airbus, the biggest aerospace company in the uk and europe, is doing business with avic, a chinese company arming the burmese military. airbus must give its business partner avic an ultimatum: stop supplying the burmese military, or we end all our business relationships.


take action







join our action network


subscribe







who we are
burma campaign uk works for human rights, democracy and development in burma


join our action network

subscribe



find out more
campaign news
about burma
about us
resources



follow us
facebook
twitter
linkedin



materials on this website are provided under a creative commons license | privacy and cookies policy


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. click read more for information on cookies and our privacy policy. accept  or block non-essential cookiesprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept



























