














savoury vegan & vegetarian bakery products | forest foods




































  any questions? call us: 0161 881 8585

email us: 


savoury vegan & vegetarian bakery products










 toggle navigation    







home
our products
 ordering
enquiries
testimonials
about us
 more stuff 

latest news
resources

















                            great tasting
                      

                            vegetarian & vegan  
                        

                            food for everyone.  
                        













we begin with the  belief that vegetarian and vegan food should not equal a compromise on taste or quality. by combining a passion for great food and high quality ingredients, our aim is to create meat-free products that people remember and keep coming  back for. 

we manufacture a range of ready to eat savoury wraps, calzones and pastries in our vegetarian kitchen in manchester.  all our products come with vegetarian society approval.            
 our range is perfect for any quality food retailer wanting to provide more choice for the fast growing vegetarian and vegan market. additionally we aim to make products that appeal to vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. we hope to bring a wider range of consumers through your door. 


products are available loose for delicatessen serve over counters or wrapped with barcodes. our packaging displays full nutritional information. everything we make is  delivered with a 7 day shelf life. additionally some of  our distributors offer our products frozen ready to thaw and sell, thus  minimising waste.
we deliver within a  200 mile radius of manchester  but also have a nationwide network of health food distributors stocking our  range please see the ordering page for more details. 

if you are interested  in stocking forest foods products or would like any further information we  would love to hear from you. please email us at  or ring us on  0161 881 8585.














the forest foods product range

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 









 latest news 
keep up to date with all the latest news from forest foods, independent manchester bakery providing tasty vegetarian/vegan savoury products.

read more...
 chorlton bike delivery
 we now deliver to homes within 3 miles of chorlton via chorlton bike deliveries, please call us on 0161 881 8585 for details. 










about forest foods
forest foods began trading in 1994 in an attempt to provide an alternative to the current range of vegetarian food-to-go that was available. sarah bird, founder, drew on her influences from working in a mexican restaurant in california, influences that can still be seen in the range today. her belief was that just because it is vegetarian does not mean that it needs to lack flavour and her aim was to create a range of vegetarian products that...
read more...




contact us


forest foods
                      unit 12
                      albany trading estate
                      chorlton
                      manchester
                      m21 0az 


email: 
telephone:0161 881 8585 
 fax:0845 280 2211







more stuff
latest news
resources
site map
privacy policy






 
 


  







reg. forest foods vegetarian cuisine limited, unit 12, albany trading estate, chorlton, manchester, m21 0az. registered in england & wales 07484890. 
    copyright â© forest foods ltd 2016. all rights reserved. 
    design by peevish web design, manchester.

top





































