     lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc of st. clair | auto dealership                            
 


                                               lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc st. clair             sales 810-637-5337    service 810-637-5329  parts 810-643-1348  collision center 810-643-1223   3050 king roadchina township, mi 48054                       service        map        contact                           lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc st. clair                  call 810-637-5337   directions                      new   new vehicles   lease specials   dealer demo specials   sell/trade   schedule test drive   commercial vehicles   model research   my gm rewards     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles for sale   vehicles under $15k for sale   pre-owned specials   sell/trade   schedule test drive   carfax 1 owner vehicles for sale   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     specials   lease specials   dealer demo specials   pre-owned specials   auto service & parts specials   gm rewards   rebates specials     ev   test drive chevy ev   explore electric vehicles   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   hummer ev   sierra ev     commercial   new work trucks   used work trucks     trucks   chevrolet silverado 1500   hd silverado trucks   gmc sierra 1500   hd gmc sierra    pre-owned silverado   pre-owned gmc sierra   colorado   gmc savanna   chevrolet special offers     trade in your vehicle   vehicle service center   schedule auto service   service & parts specials   service department   buy three tires & get one free   tire basics   order auto parts   gm accessories   rebates specials   collision center     collision center   finance   finance department   apply for auto financing   car payment calculator   gmc protection   sell/trade     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   careers   why service here?   our blog   family deal blog                      home   new   new vehicles   lease specials   dealer demo specials   sell/trade   schedule test drive   commercial vehicles   model research   my gm rewards     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles for sale   vehicles under $15k for sale   pre-owned specials   sell/trade   schedule test drive   carfax 1 owner vehicles for sale   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     specials   lease specials   dealer demo specials   pre-owned specials   auto service & parts specials   gm rewards   rebates specials     ev   test drive chevy ev   explore electric vehicles   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   hummer ev   sierra ev     commercial   new work trucks   used work trucks     trucks   chevrolet silverado 1500   hd silverado trucks   gmc sierra 1500   hd gmc sierra    pre-owned silverado   pre-owned gmc sierra   colorado   gmc savanna   chevrolet special offers     trade in your vehicle   vehicle service center   schedule auto service   service & parts specials   service department   buy three tires & get one free   tire basics   order auto parts   gm accessories   rebates specials   collision center     collision center   finance   finance department   apply for auto financing   car payment calculator   gmc protection   sell/trade     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   careers   why service here?   our blog   family deal blog           






buy 3 tires, get 1 for free every day at lafontaine. learn more





    










     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                                    







sell us your vehicle
sell here










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    chevrolet  |  buick  |  gmc          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban      malibu      camaro      corvette      express           envista      encore gx      encore gx st      envision      enclave      enclave avenir          canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway       

     



chevrolet corvette
get behind the wheel and experience the balance of design and performance that puts corvette, and whoever is driving it, out in front.


search new


search used












     



lease specials
view specials  






vehicles under 15k
view inventory  




      



service experts
we made your chevrolet, buick and gmc the superior vehicles they are today and we want to ensure they remain that way. our technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.


schedule service


order parts












       


welcome to lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc of st. clair

are you looking for the perfect car, truck, or suv? are you dreading the actual car-buying process? we understand completely and know from experience that buying a vehicle can be stressful and overwhelming. we're here to offer something better and far more enjoyable at lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc of st. clair.
we promise a bespoke experience that instills confidence and trust. our team shares your passion and excitement for the chevrolet, buick, and gmc lineups, giving you a front-row seat to their knowledge and expertise. more importantly, we're here to fuel your excitement and help you find the perfect vehicle that checks all the boxes on your must-have list.
a personalized automotive experience
lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc of st. clair is honored to introduce local drivers and many others from port huron, china township, new baltimore, and the neighboring areas to a world-class dealership experience. the traditional dealership experience is long overdue for an update, with many dealers still motivating their teams with commissions and quotas. such a motivation makes selling cars a priority, shifting the focus away from what matters most—the customer. our personalized approach promises something entirely different.
we sell cars, but our goal is to personalize the automotive experience by building lasting and meaningful relationships that strengthen families and communities. our sales team will listen attentively and respond to your automotive needs, walking you through our inventory and explaining our transparent pricing. this bespoke approach continues with our finance experts as they help you navigate the finance process to ensure your purchase aligns with your financial situation.
our ultimate goal is to ensure you find the perfect vehicle that sets you up for success behind the wheel. by prioritizing your needs and operating with integrity and transparency, achieving that goal usually ends with us tossing you the keys to your new ride. our high-quality selection
delivering a personalized automotive experience extends to the cars, trucks, and suvs on our lot. many customers know that buying a vehicle requires shopping around at various dealerships to explore their options and find the right model and trim at a great price. it's time-consuming and stressful because you're still faced with pushy salespeople. so, what can you expect instead from lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc of st. clair?
our inventory is the backbone of our dealership, with each model hand-selected to guarantee we have something for everyone. our inventory of new vehicles for sale includes the latest from chevrolet, buick, and gmc. you'll find legendary workhorses like the sierra and silverado alongside midsize marvels like the canyon and colorado. suvs are also plentiful, whether you're looking for luxury in the buick lineup or gmc's denali trims. your options are extensive and widely appealing, from the best-selling equinox, tahoe, suburban, and yukon to the luxurious enclave, encore, and envista.
customers looking to stretch their budgets will find it easy with our transparent pricing, especially with our used selection. our used cars, trucks, and suvs are hand-selected and vetted to ensure they match our quality standards to give our customers the best. moreover, our inventory is constantly cycling, boasting a wide variety of models from the world's leading automakers.
from sale to service: our promise of partnership
what happens after you find the perfect car, truck, or suv? with lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc st. clair, you can rest easy knowing you're in capable hands. as a full-service automotive center, our dealership can handle all your automotive needs under one roof. our vehicle service center features the latest tools and technologies, only outshined by the talents of our factory-trained and certified technicians.
our technicians are incredibly capable and dedicate themselves to constantly expanding their skills to meet the ever-growing demands and advancements in the industry. moreover, they operate with the same integrity and transparency, guaranteeing an extraordinary experience whether you're coming in for a routine oil change or tire rotation, trusting our team with a more complex powertrain repair or brake service, or ordering genuine auto parts from our parts department.

more about us


     












3050 king road, china township, mi 48054

    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 10:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed    




     


follow us on social media


             

     



    



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lafontaine chevrolet buick gmc st. clair | 3050 king road, china township, mi 48054 | sales: 810-637-5337              























                   