



adopting from dominican republic - [[:template:adoption wiki]]































toggle navigation









 


   login


 join



 login







 









 





















pregnant? 
 pregnant? home
                
pregnant & considering adoption?
guide | choosing adoption
choose an adoptive family
contact an adoption professional
free ebook | unplanned pregnancy
articles | unplanned pregnancy
find an adoption professional
pregnancy wiki

choose a family 
 choose a family home
                
create a profile
faq
choose a family
choosing a family

adopt 
 adopt home
                
guide | how to adopt a child
parent profiles
affording adoption
local adoption guide
photolisting
directory
free ebook
adopt a baby
international adoption
foster & adoption
home study
choose an adoption professional
baby names
stepchild adoption

reunion 
 reunion home
                
guide | search & reunion
reunion registry
adoption detectives
free ebook | search & reunion
articles | search & reunion
forums | adult adoptee
birth parents

professionals 
 professionals home
                
directory
add listing
for professionals

forums 
 forums home
                
community home
videos
photos
blogs

articles 
 articles home
                
articles home
adoption guides
affording adoption
how to adopt
adoption celebrities
adoption glossary
us adoption laws
quotes
search & reunion
stories
video
international adoption
open adoption
unplanned pregnancy
news
birth parents

photolisting 
 photolisting home
                
international photolisting
us photolisting
foster child adoption
international adoption
becoming a foster parent guide
affording adoption
foster and adoption forums
international adoption forums










advertisements









main page
recent changes
random page
help 









 





                                            page                                        


page


discussion


view source


history










                                tools                            

page informationpermanent linkprintable versionspecial pagesrelated changeswhat links here 






















adopting from dominican republic








the official flag.source: cia.gov.
map.source: cia.gov.
map.source: cia.gov.
the official coat of arms.source: wikipedia.org.
carnival.source: wikipedia.org.
the national palace.source: wikipedia.org.
bacardi beach.source: wikipedia.org.

notice: as of july 14, 2014, all individuals and agencies facilitating international adoptions must be in compliance with the intercountry universal accreditation act.
the information contained on this website is for educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. always seek the advice of a licensed and qualified professional. while the content of this website is frequently updated, information changes rapidly and therefore, some information may be out of date, and/or contain inaccuracies, omissions or typographical errors.


contents

1 about dominican republic
2 hague convention information
3 who can adopt
4 who can be adopted
5 how to adopt

5.1 the process


6 traveling abroad
7 after adoption
8 contact information

8.1 source




about dominican republic
the taino - indigenous inhabitants of hispaniola prior to the arrival of the europeans - divided the island into five chiefdoms and territories. christopher columbus explored and claimed the island on his first voyage in 1492; it became a springboard for spanish conquest of the caribbean and the american mainland. in 1697, spain recognized french dominion over the western third of the island, which in 1804 became haiti.  to learn more, please read about dominican republic.


hague convention information
the dominican republic is party to the hague convention on protection of children and co-operation in respect of intercountry adoption (hague adoption convention).  to learn more please read about dominican republic and the hague convention.


who can adopt
adoption between the united states and the dominican republic is governed by the hague adoption convention. therefore to adopt from the dominican republic, the adopting family must first be found eligible to adopt by the u.s. government.  to learn more please read about who can adopt from dominican republic.


who can be adopted
because the dominican republic is party to the hague adoption convention, children from the dominican republic must meet the requirements of the hague adoption convention in order to be eligible for adoption. for example, the hague adoption convention requires that the dominican republic attempt to place a child with a family in-country before determining that a child is eligible for intercountry adoption. in addition to the dominican republic's requirements, a child must meet the definition of a convention adoptee for the adopting family to bring him or her back to the united states. 

learn more  about the convention's requirements for adoptable children.


how to adopt
the process
because the dominican republic is party to the hague adoption convention, adopting from the dominican republic must follow a specific process designed to meet the convention's requirements. a brief summary of the hague adoption convention process is given below. the pap (s) must complete these steps in the following order so that the adoption meets all necessary legal requirements.



 choose an accredited adoption service provider

 apply to be found eligible to adopt

 be matched with a child

 apply for the child to be found eligible for immigration to the united states

 adopt the child in the dominican republic

 bringing the child home


to learn more about this process please read how to adopt from dominican republic.


traveling abroad
applying for a u.s. passport
a valid u.s. passport is required for american citizens to enter and leave the dominican republic. only the u.s. department of state has the authority to grant, issue, or verify u.s. passports.  to learn more please read traveling abroad in dominican republic.


after adoption
what does the dominican republic require of the adoptive parents after the adoption?
post-adoption / post-placement reporting requirements
conani requires post adoption reports to be submitted by the asp for 5 years after the child has entered the united states; the first report must be submitted 6 months after the child entered the us, the second report after the first year, then once a year for the next 5 years. the reports are to be submitted to the closest embassy or consulate of the dominican republic to the residence of the child in the united states. 

adoptive parent are reminded that they are required by law and international treaty to complete all post-adoption reporting requirements in a timely manner. the asp is required to assist families as well.

what resources are available to assist families after the adoption?
many adoptive parents find it important to find support after the adoption. take advantage of all the resources available -- whether it's another adoptive family, a support group, an advocacy organization, or your religious or community services. 

here are some good places to start your support group search:

adoption services support groups for adopting persons
north american council on adoptable children

note:  inclusion of non-u.s. government links does not imply endorsement of contents.  adoption services support groups for adopting persons.


contact information
to learn more about contact info for adoption from this country please read contact information from dominican republic.


source
intercountry adoption, bureau of consular affairs.  u.s. department of state country information adoption.state.gov/country_information/country_specific_info.php?country-select=dominican_republic



 





category: international adoption 













advertisements





















hopeful adoptive parents
create a profile



see all










hayes & stefan












melissa & jesse












jen & aaron












jessica & matthias











subscribe for free to the best of adoption.com emagazine











about
contact
advertise
sitemap
mobile apps


guides:
adopt a child
adopt a baby
arizona adoption
open adoption
foster care adoption
unplanned pregnancy
oklahoma adoption 
texas adoption
florida adoption
adoption costs
adoptive family
transracial adoption
adoption agency
christian adoption
international adoption
affording adoption
adoption search


local:
alabama
arizona
arkansas
california
florida
georgia
massachusetts
michigan
mississippi
new jersey
new york
nevada
north carolina
ohio
oklahoma
pennsylvania
south carolina
texas
utah
virginia
washington


top:
adoption centers near me
open adoption
giving baby up for adoption
adoptive family
adoption options
how to start the adoption process
steps of adoption
christian adoption
catholic adoption
lds adoption
jewish adoption
adoption process
adoption agencies


            adoption.com is not a licensed adoption agency or facilitator and it does not provide professional, legal or medical advice.
            it does not place children for adoption or match birth parents and adoptive parents. users of adoption.com agree to the
            terms of service,
            privacy notice and
            community rules.
            ©2025 adoption.com llc, a service of the gladney center for adoption. all rights reserved.
        














            welcome to adoption.com! we use cookies to better your experience on the site and to show you personalized advertising. to find out more about this, please view our privacy policy, which contains our cookie policy.
            ×




download free adoption.com app and parent profiles app

itunes

×
















