
















swt

























              elca     contact us     report misconduct     find a congregation     mission support payments 




   
 




       synod


   who we are



  synod leadership


   bishop



  office of the bishop



  synod council



  conference deans



  ministry teams





  church together


   ministry partners



  partner synods



  ecumenical partners



  region 4-south archives



  welca



  lmm





  our initiatives


   spiritual practices



  migration ministries



  disaster team



  inclusivity, diversity & equity





  new ministries



  contact us





  congregation


   call process



  constitutions



  forms & resources



  in transition



  pulpit supply





  leaders


   candidacy



  ethics



  faith formation



  grants



  leadership development


   lifelong learning





  resources & forms





  give


   give now



  mission support





  events


   assembly


   business





  calendar



  events





  news


   enews



  bishop's communications














    
 





       



    
synod assembly: may 3, 2025
more than enoughmas que suficiente
abiding presence lutheran churchsan antonio  &  zoom

﻿registration is open!
 

  







we thank our ministry partners, 
global refuge 
and 
ammparo,for the work they do to welcome newcomers.




   the people of the southwestern texas synod warmly welcome you and invite you to take a seat at god’s table. all people, without exception, are welcome at this table where we gather to be transformed and connected by god's endless grace.what does it mean to be church with us? it’s about a dynamic connection with god through each other and the world. we live in the faith that we are loved without condition by an infinite and just god. god’s transformational grace brings freedom from serving ourselves and the weight of sin that may grip us. our burden lifted; we are free to center our lives on service to those in need. our hearts full, we are free to love our neighbor just as unconditionally as god loves us.we gather to explore the possibilities of grace. we soar and stumble together knowing that living our faith is hard and forgiveness abounds. we embrace the truth that the cross and the resurrection both form our journey to god. we share gratitude that all that god has made is beloved, messy, and majestic.all are welcome to join us and be transformed by god’s grace and unconditional love.we believe that god's love for creation is abundant and cannot be divided or apportioned by us. where we come from, who we love and all the ways we live in this world cannot separate us from the god who became human to be with us. we are called to walk in the footsteps of jesus christ to love and to serve all as the body of christ. you are beloved. there is always a place for you here.



  







      

  contact us
 1090 oestreich dr.seguin, tx 78155830.379.9900info@swtsynod.org     

 

 





















































































































  
  share by:










