


home - snojoke ski club



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top












share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitteradd me to mailing listmember login


 
menu member loginmember links member login bylaws and policies membership directory local ski groups event calendar news updates classifiedsvisitor info who we are benefits of membership monthly meetings event calendar faq member signupevents and trips event calendar ski trips summer trips travel insurance contact ushome






welcome to s'no joke ski club
the year 'round sports, recreation and social activities club







accordion widget
check out our club!

check out our club! 






 s’no joke is a ski club first and foremost and our members enjoy great times and create lasting memories downhill skiing, snowboarding, cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. we run trips throughout the ski season, one day and multi-day trips including one international ski trip per year. and there is more … we live in an outdoor person’s paradise and we roll from the ski season right into spring, summer and autumn activities.




check out our hiking, road biking and golf. our calendar is full of fun and varied outdoor activities all year round again day and multi-day trips. we provide our members opportunities to join in activities outside of the club including water skiing, and scuba diving. finally, if none of that appeals then just come along and join in some fun social gatherings where we enjoy good food, wine and conversation. 












(click on one of the pictures above to learn more about that sport or activity.)








who we are

benefits of membership

monthly meetings

event calendar

frequently asked questions (faq)


more member perks
s'no joke ski club is proud to be an active member of the fwsa and nwscc. click here to read more about our affiliates... 




far west ski association,
read more...




nw ski club council
read more..





















accordion widget
member orientation and quick tips

member orientation and quick tips 










welcome to the s’no joke website, your portal to year 'round sports, recreation and social activities. members login to the website to catch up on current club news, sign up for trips, make payments, find activities and events; view the membership directory, share photos and much more.

for those of you who are new to the club, visit frequently asked questions to find information about the club, how to use the website, and answers to frequently asked questions such as how to opt-in or out of activity updates.

be sure to check out our hiking, road biking, mountain biking, golf and water sports sections. our calendar is full of fun and varied outdoor activities all year round again day and multi-day trips. 

our monthly meetings are held on the first monday of the month and is a great way to meet other members. check the events calendar for the date and time, or read more on the monthly meetings page.

finally, if none of that appeals then just come along and join in some fun social gatherings where we enjoy good food, wine and conversation.

 
we look forward to meeting you at one of our many socials, on one of our multi-day trips, a day trip or one of our many other activities.

read frequently asked questions (faq)

  

forgot your password?











   
   












recent articles
hot topics...

















upcoming events
upcoming club meetings




the 2024-25 ski season is coming up!
here are a few highlights from the 2023-24 ski season. where will you be skiing this year?  


slideshow
2024 ski highlights


 









upcoming events
coming up soon












members - login to see more events, news, trip reports and other updates!





 




explore more s'no joke sports and activities by clicking on the links below.
| home | member signup | snow sports | water sports | hiking, camping and walking | biking and cycling | golf | socials |




 









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









