









tifblair™ centipede: low maintenance turf with tifblair™ sod

























































































skip to content









































































homevarieties tiftuf® bermuda tifgrand® bermuda zeon® zoysia trinity® l1f zoysia jamur® zoysia tifblair® centipede stadium™  zoysiahomeowners find a grower turftech blogprofessionals turf professionals tiftuf® – the science product researchgrowers find a grower become a grower grower certification grower login marketing tools resources product research digital marketing program videos digital marketing sign upabout us the turfgrass group our team turftech blogcontact us




main menu 




×
homevarieties tiftuf® bermuda tifgrand® bermuda zeon® zoysia trinity® l1f zoysia jamur® zoysia tifblair® centipede stadium™  zoysiahomeowners find a grower turftech blogprofessionals turf professionals tiftuf® – the science product researchgrowers find a grower become a grower grower certification grower login marketing tools resources product research digital marketing program videos digital marketing sign upabout us the turfgrass group our team turftech blogcontact us


































homevarieties tiftuf® bermuda tifgrand® bermuda zeon® zoysia trinity® l1f zoysia jamur® zoysia tifblair® centipede stadium™  zoysiahomeowners find a grower turftech blogprofessionals turf professionals tiftuf® – the science product researchgrowers find a grower become a grower grower certification grower login marketing tools resources product research digital marketing program videos digital marketing sign upabout us the turfgrass group our team turftech blogcontact us




 




×
homevarieties tiftuf® bermuda tifgrand® bermuda zeon® zoysia trinity® l1f zoysia jamur® zoysia tifblair® centipede stadium™  zoysiahomeowners find a grower turftech blogprofessionals turf professionals tiftuf® – the science product researchgrowers find a grower become a grower grower certification grower login marketing tools resources product research digital marketing program videos digital marketing sign upabout us the turfgrass group our team turftech blogcontact us
































































 














tifblair® - the world's only


 centipede grass










perfect for cooler climates 



requires less mowing 



grows in acidic soils 



exceptionally vigorous and hearty 










find a grower


















make your lawn the envy of the neighborhood



















































cold weather tolerant


















requires less mowing


















vigorous and hearty


















carpet-like feel


















uses less fertilizer




























time for a cool change for your lawn




















with tifblair® centipede, you might say we’re boldly taking a centipede grass cultivar to places it’s never been before—the cooler transition zone— or usda  growing zone 7, to be exact. this slow-growing grass needs less mowing, and less fertilization to retain its beauty.  developed after extensive research at the university of georgia, this is what you get when science and nature put their heads together.  we’ve done all the hard work, so you don’t have to.




















 key benefits of tifblair® centipede grass




















tifblair® centipede grass is dense, hearty, and beautiful and thrives in cooler and transition climates! please see the map for further detail.










the world’s only certified centipede grass.
thrives in cooler and transition climates (zone 7).
grows in acidic soils.
root system 2-3 times larger than common.
slower growth requires less mowing.
requires less fertilization.












frequently asked questions about tifblair® centipede






how much water does my tifblair® centipede lawn need?









expand


apply approximately 1″ of water per week.








how often and how much should i fertilize tifblair® centipede?









expand


apply between 1 – 2 pounds of nitrogen (n) per 1,000 square feet annually, during the growing season.








what height is best for mowing tifblair® centipede?









expand


suggested mowing height 2"



















take a moment to browse through the tifblair® centipede image gallery






































 


























tifblair® certified centipede technical specifications 






characteristics

the first and only certified centipede.
produces more stolons and more leaves.
slow growing.
late season color retention.

improved plant vigor

performs well in acid soils.
greater cold tolerance than other centipede varieties.
deep rooting.
minimal fertility requirements.

cultural practices

suggested mowing height 2″.
apply approximately 1″ of water per week.
apply between 1 – 2 pounds of nitrogen (n) per 1,000 square feet annually, during the growing season.
only herbicides labeled for use on centipede should be applied.

certified purity & uniformity

tifblair® is licensed exclusively to the turfgrass group, inc. and its sub-licensees.
tifblair® centipede is available only through a select group of licensed certified producers.
tifblair® centipede is grown & sold under a rigorous set of rules & guidelines designed to promote on-going quality, purity, and uniformity.

state certification

certification is the only method of assuring the consumer is receiving the variety they purchased.
tifblair® centipede can only be produced and sold as a certified turfgrass variety, unlike many other varieties.
certification agencies in each state inspect all tifblair® production fields regularly, protecting the interests of the consumer by providing a third-party system of quality control.


















homeowner tips and how to's blog








 

 



zeon zoysia® vs jamur® zoysia: which is best for your home?



					february 16, 2025				


choosing the right sod for your home can significantly impact your lawn’s beauty, durability, and overall maintenance needs. among the…
read more...






 

 



zoysia grass for shade areas: creating a green lawn in low-light conditions



					january 30, 2025				


when it comes to landscaping, one of the biggest challenges homeowners face is growing a healthy lawn in shady areas. …
read more...

































ready to find a

certified grower near you?



select a turf varietytiftuftifgrandzeontrinity l1fjamur zoysiatifblairstadium zoysia



























ready to find a

certified grower near you?



select a turf varietytiftuftifgrandzeontrinity l1fjamur zoysiatifblairstadium zoysia




























find a grower










 

























the science of exceptional turfgrass




























































homeowner resources






find a certified grower
homeowner tips & how to's









grower resources






become a certified grower
certified grower portal login









about the turfgrass group






the turfgrass group is the premier source for exclusive turfgrass cultivars at the cutting edge of turfgrass technology and engineering. through our alliances with the private sector and university breeding program, the turfgrass group licenses the production of one of the finest collections of superior “value-added” turfgrass varieties available in the world.  read more











©  the turfgrass group, inc. tifblair® is a registered trademark of the turfgrass group, inc. tiftuf® and tifgrand® are registered trademarks of the university of georgia research foundation and licensed exclusively for use by the turfgrass group, inc. and their certified growers. zeon®, brf zeon®, jamur®, and trinity® are registered trademarks of bladerunner farms, inc. and are used with permission. all rights reserved.
privacy policy  |  sitemap
ck


















find a grower










 


























