  independent women | ifa & wealth management for women, uk       
  skip to content

 personalbusinessyour journeyabout usmagazinecontact
personalbusinessyour journeyabout usmagazinecontact


search




 

 financial planning  as individual
as you are.


discover more

£24 trillionset to be inherited by women by the end of the decade. mckinsey

transform your wealththere has been an important economic shift in women’s wealth, and over the next decade, women will hold greater economic power than ever before.we are an independent advice firm offering financial planning, investment management and personal tax advice.we have over 25 years of experience helping people take control of and transform their wealth.


connect with us today

serviceshow we support your goals

 wealth planning

 tax

 pensions & retirement

 investments

 protectionslive a richer lifewealth planning is not about spreadsheets, it’s about discovering what is important to you.supported by our tax specialists, we will ensure your plan flexes as your needs do, helping you to manage any tax liabilities including inheritance tax and estate planning.if you plan to move out of the uk, or reside overseas and are looking to invest in the uk, we can also support you with your international tax needs.


discover more

what our clients say
“over many years, lesley advised us how to maximise our long term savings using sipp, isa and gia. as we now begin retirement, lesley assisted us in evaluating alternative ways to draw on our savings to meet our spending aspiration, with tax efficiency.”
vouchedfor feedback
"lesley has been my financial advisor for several years and has helped me in numerous ways. apart from organising my divorce settlement, she set up a trust bond for my children, put in place a pension scheme, helped in buying property and continues to monitor a long term financial plan she put in place. when i have approached her for more difficult requests she has gone out of her way to come up with a fitting solution"
vouchedfor feedback
“jen is fabulous at explaining everything really carefully, i feel very safe with her advice and she listens carefully so i feel completely met with my needs. she totally understands my situation, is very careful about family needs and i couldn't rate her more highly”
vouchedfor feedback
“jayne took the time to understand my complex personal and professional requirements. i met with jayne over several meetings to get the right outcome. jayne investigated every aspect and offered solutions. jayne continues to help me through a key life event to ensure my financial planning goals are met.”
vouchedfor feedback

about independent womenevery story is unique. so, understanding your personal journey and future goals is where we begin. as one of the first independent advisory firms to focus on the needs of women, our passion will and forever remain empowering our clients to take control of their finances. now part of the forvis mazars family, we’re able to offer even more specialist financial services for women.


discover more

get in touch about our servicessay hello to financial savvy




first namerequiredlast namerequiredemailrequiredtelephonerequiredpostcoderequiredhow can we help?requiredapproximate value of investmentsrequiredplease selectless than £250,000£250,000 - £750,000£750,000 - £1,500,000£1,500,000 - £3,000,000£3,000,000+where did you hear about independent women?please selectgoogle/search enginereferred by family/friend/colleaguewalked past officepress/onlineotherplease tell us how you heared about usacceptancerequiredi consent to independent women storing my information for the purposes of assisting with my enquirymarketing consentplease add me to the mailing list. i would like to receive communications which are relevant to me, and am happy for my contact details to be stored for this purpose    

 
careers

faqs

useful links

accessibility

cookie policy

privacy policy

modern slavery statement

complaint procedure


 



 



 



 





 independent women is a trading name of forvis mazars financial planning limited. forvis mazars financial planning limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of forvis mazars llp, the uk firm of forvis mazars group, a leading global professional services network. forvis mazars financial planning limited is registered in england and wales with registered number 3172233 and is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority. registered office: 30 old bailey, london ec4m 7au. the financial conduct authority (fca) does not regulate tax advice.manage cookie consent
we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. we do this to improve browsing experience and to show personalised ads. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.



functional



functional

always active							





the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.



preferences


preferences






the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.



statistics


statistics






the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.




marketing


marketing






the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes
accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}manage consenthomepersonalbusinessyour journeyabout usmagazinecontact                         


