













home | jefferson


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

jefferson
https://jefferson.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




jefferson county






menu





 

jefferson countyprogram areas4-h carteens4-h youth developmentdunf form4-h newslettersforms/website linksnewsohio 4-h family guideresourcesagriculture and natural resourcesnewslettersresourcesthinking of getting into farming? start here...community developmentcommunity development and your communityfamily and consumer sciencesfcs programmingtake the guesswork out of roasting a turkeymaster gardener volunteersbecome a master gardener volunteercurrent volunteersohio certified volunteer naturalistsnap-edchoose myplatetips for following the dietary guidelineseventscalendarpast eventsnewscooperative connection newslettersextension callingaboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


jefferson county






jefferson county office 


 500 market st, suite 512
steubenville, oh 43952 
 phone: 740-264-2212740-264-2212 
 fax:  740-264-2039 
 haught.95@osu.edu 
 


directions to jefferson county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday
8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » jefferson county » home




 
get updates sent directly to your inbox by subscribing to our newletters!

local newsletters

jefferson county cooperative connection newsletter: a newsletter that provides information on county-specific events for 4-h and agricultural topics
extension calling: agricultural, horticultural, and natural resource news and events for the ohio valley: a quarterly newsletter, weekly podcast, and website bringing you information from the jefferson-harrison-belmont area as well as from the panhandle of west virginia

statewide mailing lists (topic specific)

ag law blog: stay up to speed with this blog - subscribe to get updates sent to your email
c.o.r.n. newsletter: corn, soybeans, wheat and more! the corn newsletter brings you agronomic news from across the state
ohio beef news: sign up to receive weekly updates on all topics related to beef cattle production
osu sheep team: sign up to receive updates on topics related to small ruminants
osu poultry team: this blog provides information on poultry production in ohio
ohio fruit news: sign up to receive quarterly updates on diseases, pests, production practices, and more related to growing fruit commercially
vegnet news: a blog that regularly posts on vegetable and other specialty crops from across the state
buckeye yard & garden online: an excellent resource to keep up to speed on the latest home garden and green industry topics
buckeye turf newsletter: a new newsletter that provides information related to turf management, from lawns to golf courses to sports fields
woods, water, wildlife: a quarterly newsletter provided by the ohio woodland stewards covering news on forestry, wildlife, and aquatic topics
the wildside @ osu: this blog features regular posts about all things wildlife


 
     
          
 
 





county news



  
farm accounting with quicken workshopfinancial record keeping is critical for farm businesses.  at a minimum, the records support completion of the annual income tax forms and documents.  having accurate and accessible data makes tax time smoother and less stressful.  

march grazing school to be offered in sciolearn all about management intensive grazing through the harrison county grazing school! grazing school classes will be offered in at the scio branch library in scio, oh as a three-part series this year.  

office closed 1/1/2025happy new year! the jefferson county extension office will be closed for the first of the year. see you in 2025!
  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



  
 2/20 
 thursday 
 ohio private pesticide and fertilizer recertification 
 09:00am 

 2/24 
 monday 
 planning for the future of your farm 
 06:30pm 

 2/25 
 tuesday 
 ohio private applicator pesticide and fertilizer recertification 
 05:00pm 
 


    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





jefferson county office 


 500 market st, suite 512
steubenville, oh 43952 
 phone: 740-264-2212740-264-2212 
 fax:  740-264-2039 
 haught.95@osu.edu 
 


directions to jefferson county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday
8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

jefferson county extension
osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










