

sangamon county historical society















post office box 9744, springfield, illinois 62791-9744  *  telephone: 217-525-1961



home
contact us
coming up
society news
grants
looking back


membership
books & videos
historico
sangamon link
calendar
resources











welcome to the virtual headquarters of the sangamon county historical society 
   by navigating our site and internal links, you can learn in detail about the society, its programs and events, history, publications, governance and much, much more. 
   check out the archives of our monthly newsletter, historico and our growing on-line and searchable encyclopedia of sangamon history, sangamonlink.org (both cited for excellence by the illinois state historical society) or scan our calendar of local history events, all at your fingertips.
   to access the list of online video programs, visit books & videos.
   both our society news and coming up sections provide you with up-to-date information on society news and programs. in the contact section, you'll learn how to reach the society as well as  board  members and committees chairs. grants will tell you all about our special projects grants program. looking back will let you take a step back in time, providing details on the society's rich history. everything you need to know about joining, renewing or donating to the society can be found in membership. need one of our books, booklets, even a coffee mug? visit book shops & more. need research help or want to know how to reach local historical societies or sites in our area and beyond? check out resources. you can make an online donation here.
    to get you started, here's some factoids about our area and some of our symbolic images: 
sitting squarely in central illinois and based in springfield, the state capital, the sangamon county historical society serves a history-laced 877 square mile area that includes four cities, 23 villages, 23 unincorporated areas and 26 townships. sangamon county is home to state and national historic sites and facilities including the lincoln home, the abraham lincoln presidential library and museum, the frank lloyd wright-designed dana thomas house, oak ridge national cemetery, the illinois state military museum, the illinois state museum and dozens of local history museums, historic sites and parks. the society's logo, featuring a rendering of the covered bridge at sugar creek at pioneer park near chatham, illinois, salutes one such site, the location of the first cabin built in the county, an appropriate design for an organization with a motto, "a bridge to the past." the bright red cardinal, featured here and in the photo on our website masthead, is the state's official bird. the photo was taken at oak ridge by the late donna catlin who served on the society board and was well known for both her knowledge of local history and photo skills. the schs photo, bottom right, captures the dome of the state capitol building at dusk.







copyright © 2024 sangamon county historical society all rights reserved








