






conrad askland – music director and music technology













 













skip to content


 conrad askland
music director and music technology


main menu
home
about

curriculum vitae
biography
artist statement


projects

music director
original musicals
youtube channel
studio albums
live performance


contact
 







sticky 
on tour with cirque du soleil “crystal” show 


i’m currently on tour as bandleader, keyboards and accordion with the cirque du soleil ice skating show “crystal”. thrilled to be back to performing and touring after the covid shut down. the crystal touring schedule link is posted below if you happen to be in any of the cities that we are performing in.
cirque du soleil “crystal” touring schedule:
https://www.cirquedusoleil.com/crystal
join me on:
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/c/conradaskland
instagram: https://www.instagram.com/conradaskland
tiktok: https://www.tiktok.com/@conradaskland
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/conrada
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/askland


categories:  uncategorized and video leave a comment 




may 2, 2024june 16, 2024 
dubai, uae – al seef historical neighborhood photos 


photos of the al seef souk old town area of dubai, uae
 continue reading “dubai, uae – al seef historical neighborhood photos” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 




april 23, 2024june 16, 2024 
sheikh zayed grand mosque – abu dhabi, uae 


 
while performing in abu dhabi, uae – we had the opportunity to visit the sheikh zayed grand mosque. i visited in the early evening and was able to hear the beautiful dusk call to prayers.
 continue reading “sheikh zayed grand mosque – abu dhabi, uae” →


categories:  photography and video, science and religion leave a comment 




april 19, 2024 
no more musical theater from the musical pray the gay away® 


i’m finally starting to release some clips from my 2019 original musical “pray the gay away”®. this song “no more musical theater” is a turning point in the musical where it quickly switches from a comedy to a tragedy. this is the last of the “fun and games” moments in the script as we follow the journey of two boys going through gay conversion therapy.
subscribe to my youtube channel for more ptga clips and other music video projects i’m working on at: https://www.youtube.com/@conradaskland
 continue reading “no more musical theater from the musical pray the gay away®” →


categories:  conrad askland, musicals, pray the gay away leave a comment 




january 3, 2024january 1, 2024 
montreal canada photos christmas 2023 


photos from my two weeks in montreal, canada for christmas 2023 through new year’s day. we were in montreal performing with the cirque du soleil show crystal at the bell centre arena. here are photos i took around montreal city including notre dame cathedral, the sphere, cirque du soleil international headquarters and the montreal christmas market.
last year i missed the christmas markets when we were performing in germany, so i was very happy this year to make it to the montreal christmas market. i will have great memories of montreal as always. a beautiful city with a wonderful and interesting bilingual culture.
 continue reading “montreal canada photos christmas 2023” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 




december 31, 2023december 31, 2023 
cirque du soleil crystal – christmas 2023 in montreal, canada 


yes, that’s me (conrad askland) sitting at the ice piano during a performance of the cirque du soleil show crystal. (photo by caroline thibault)
we just finished a wonderful two weeks performing in montreal, canada over christmas with the cirque du soleil show crystal. not only were the audiences wonderful to perform for, the cast of crystal also got a private tour of the cirque du soleil international headquarters in montreal. wonderful city. wonderful audiences.
 continue reading “cirque du soleil crystal – christmas 2023 in montreal, canada” →


categories:  cirque du soleil, conrad askland, crystal leave a comment 




november 22, 2023november 22, 2023 
new recording of ave verum corpus by w.a. mozart 


here is our new recording of mozart’s ave verum corpus by the vocal quartet tembresha. we recorded this in my living room at the tail end of the pandemic in december 2021. this was one of several groups i worked with in my home during the pandemic. during the pandemic i wasn’t able to perform publicly so i started working with people in my home as a way to keep my sanity and creativity alive.
click the bottom right of the video “watch on youtube” to listen to it on my youtube channel and also to read more about the singers, our recording and the history of mozart’s ave verum corpus
read more about the history of ave verum corpus by w.a. mozart: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ave_verum_corpus_(mozart)
you can also listen to this recording on your favorite streaming platform: https://social.tunecore.com/linkshare?linkid=kvv70ybgjxvm6qcal8rfqg
 continue reading “new recording of ave verum corpus by w.a. mozart” →


categories:  choir and vocal, church music, conrad askland leave a comment 




september 18, 2023 
perth, western australia photos 2023 


photos of perth, western australia and surrounding areas of fremantle, rottnest island, lake clifton and pinnacles desert. perth had a wonderful surprise gift for me: astro photography! i’ve never taken photos of the milky way or stars before but i kind of accidentally bumped into astro photography and wow oh wow is it fun!
 continue reading “perth, western australia photos 2023” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 




september 12, 2023september 18, 2023 
adelaide, australia photos 2023 


adelaide, australia photos late august 2023. we only did one week of shows in adelaide australia which only gave me a couple days to explore the city. it’s a fairly small city compared to brisbane, sydney and melbourne. it’s very charming and the highlights for me was the botannical gardens, university of adelaide and the national gallery of south australia (ngsa).
 continue reading “adelaide, australia photos 2023” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 




september 5, 2023september 2, 2023 
melbourne, australia 2023 photos 


of all the cities i’ve been to in australia, i think melbourne might be my favorite. great art scene, gardens and vibrant urban city quarters. i also took a day trip to phillip island to watch the daily “penguin parade” as the penguins make their way to the shore every night right after sunset.
some great highlights for me in melbourne was going to the ngv (national gallery of victoria) to see the rembrandt and bonnard exhibits. amazing! also saw two shows. a suspense play called “2:22” (his majesty’s theatre) and a new musical comedy called “bloom” (melbourne art centre).
we performed our cirque du soleil crystal show at the john cain arena which was a beautiful walk from the hotel through the botannical gardens and war memorial. melbourne is a stunningly beautiful and vibrant city!
see my photos of melbourne street art on ac/dc lane here: https://conradaskland.com/blog/ac-dc-lane-street-art-in-melbourne-australia/
and here are photos from melbourne and prince phillip island (sony a7iv and sony gm 35mm lens):
 continue reading “melbourne, australia 2023 photos” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 




september 2, 2023 
sydney, australia 2023 photos 


i didn’t get a lot of photos in sydney, australia. my two weeks there with cirque du soleil was mainly spent visiting friends on the days off. but a highlight for me was attending the sydney opera house for a concert performance of la gioconda “the world’s leading tenor” jonas kaufmann. brilliant concert!
and don’t tell anyone, but i had my first dinner at a vegetarian restaurant and the food was really good! normally when i see any word with “-tarian” in it i run. after i ate, it didn’t feel like i had just had dinner. hmmm… maybe there’s something to all that after all.
so here’s a few photos from my sydney walks with friends:
 continue reading “sydney, australia 2023 photos” →


categories:  photography and video leave a comment 


posts navigation
older posts




search

search for:



about conrad askland is a seattle, wa based music director and ableton live specialist who works on the creation of new theatrical shows. contact info

conrad askland on youtube 



recent posts


dubai, uae – al seef historical neighborhood photos


sheikh zayed grand mosque – abu dhabi, uae


no more musical theater from the musical pray the gay away®


montreal canada photos christmas 2023


cirque du soleil crystal – christmas 2023 in montreal, canada









contact
linkedin
youtube






