


best flower shop | same day flower delivery philippines | order now





























 



 ₱
$


 ($)






                                         ( ₱)                    



                                         ($)                    






chat with us on facebook messenger






 my account






orders
comparison list
wish list 




track my order(s)

track my order(s)




anti-bot validation






sign inregister










email



passwordforgot your password?



register for a new account


anti-bot validation




sign in


remember me
















 
































cart is empty






cart is empty



view cart








 




menu








                        valentine's day 2025 ❤️
                    



valentine's sale up to 50% off


valentine's best seller 


valentine's flowers


valentines flower with cake


valentine's flower with chocolate


valentine's giant teddy bear with flowers


valentine's teddy bears


valentine's giant teddy bears


valentines day gifts


valentine's combo gifts


valentine's chocolate bouquet & basket


valentine's day gift for him philippines


view more →










                        rose arrangements
                    



rose bouquet 


rose in box


rose vase


rose basket


long stem roses


roses by color


roses by quantity 


imported roses


rainbow roses










                        all flowers
                    



dried flowers


carnation


lilies


gerbera


sunflowers


tulips


mixed flower


orchids


plants


flower with money bouquet


flower bouquet


affordable flowers


view more →










                        birthday gifts
                    



birthday best seller


birthday flowers 


birthday cake


birthday balloon


birthday chocolates


birthday flower w/ chocolate


birthday flower w/ cake


birthday fruit basket


birthday gifts basket


birthday cake with balloon


birthday flowers w/cake and balloon


birthday gifts for mom


view more →










                        anniversary gifts
                    



anniversary flowers


anniversary balloon


anniversary combo gifts


anniversary stuffed toys


anniversary flower with chocolate


gift ideas for golden wedding anniversary 


best anniversary gift for girlfriend


anniversary gifts for him 


anniversary gifts for her


anniversary gift ideas


anniversary gift for wife


anniversary gift for parents


view more →










                        cakes
                    



can cakes


red ribbon cake


goldilocks cakes


max's cake


contis cake










                        chocolates
                    



chocolate bouquet 


chocolate basket


ferrero rocher


lindt


m & m 


cadbury


toblerone


royce chocolates


hersheys


alfredo chocolates


mixed chocolate brands










                        combo gifts
                    



flower with cake


flower with chocolate


rose balloon with cake


flower with bear 


rose bear with balloon


flower bear w/ chocolate


rose with balloon










                        gifts
                    



money with flower bouquet


gift basket 


fruit basket 


exclusive flower & gifts


unique gifts


balloons


message in a bottle










                        funerals
                    



standing sprays


sympathy sprays


casket sprays


wreath funeral arrangement


crosses


heart wreath funeral arrangement


funeral flower arrangement philippines










                        teddy bear
                    



giant size bears


giant teddy bear with flowers


panda stuff toys










                        occasions
                    



easter gifts


new year gifts 2025


christmas gifts


halloween gifts


mother's day


get well soon gifts


father’s day gifts


monthsary gifts


girlfriends day


grand opening and congratulations










                        restaurant foods
                    



goldilocks


kfc restaurant


kenny rogers foods






                        on sale
                    







                        provincial delivery(cvh)
                    



flower shop in laguna


cebu


flower shop in bulacan


flower shop in cavite 


flower shop in rizal


provincial gift (plb)










                        delivery area
                    



abra


flower shop in agusan del norte


flower shop in agusan del sur


flower shop in aklan


flower shop in albay


flower shop in antique


flower shop in apayao


flower shop in aurora


flower shop in basilan


flower shop in bataan


flower shop in batanes


flower shop in batangas


view more →






                        valentine's best seller
                    

chat with us on facebook messenger






 



 
 





 
❤️valentine's gift to philippines 
discover enchanting valentine's gifts for your loved ones in the philippines. choose thoughtful surprises and express love uniquely. order now for a heartfelt gesture that celebrates romance.
new arrival valentine's day collection
express love with our exquisite valentine's flower delivery to the philippines. delight in enchanting blooms crafted to convey affection in every petal. order now for a floral symphony that speaks the language of romance.




















 12 red roses with ferrero heart shape




                         
                                            


$69.95

















 12 red roses with 2 feet teddy bear 




                         
                                            


$91.95

















 12 pcs. roses bouquet with ferrero box




                         
                                            


$79.95

















 12 red roses with 2pcs toblerone bar




                         
                                            


$68.95

















 flower with chocolate




                         
                                            


$77.95

















 12 pink roses with choco chiffon cake by goldilocks




                         
                                            


$86.95

















 24 pink roses with chocolate chiffon cake




                         
                                            


$92.95

















 24 red roses with black forest cake by red ribbon




                         
                                            


$84.95

















 12 red roses bouquet-best seller




                         
                                            


$50.95

















 18 pcs. fresh pink roses in bouquet




                         
                                            


$57.95

















 24 red rose in a beautiful bouquet




                         
                                            


$60.95

















 24pcs hot pink rose bouquet




                         
                                            


$61.95

















 8pcs red roses in bouquet




                         
                                            


$42.95

















 beautiful 24 red rose bouquet




                         
                                            


$61.95

















 happy day




                         
                                            


$51.95

















 one dozen red rose in bouquet




                         
                                            


$52.95

















 one dozen red roses in a bouquet




                         
                                            


$52.95

















 grocery basket-2




                         
                                            


$69.95

















 cocktail delight basket




                         
                                            


$66.95

















 pik-nik snack arrangement




                         
                                            


$42.95










                                                    valentines gift to philippines
                                
            













 24 red color roses bouquet
 




$60.95



quick view












 24pcs hot pink rose bouquet
 




$61.95



quick view












 12 red roses bouquet-best seller




 




$50.95



quick view












 valentines love
 




$57.95



quick view












 bouquet of 12 hot pink roses and free mini bear
 




$56.95



quick view














save 22%


 color crush
 
$71.95




$55.95



quick view












 mind harbor 12 red roses bouquet
 




$51.95



quick view












 24pcs red rose bouquet
 




$59.95



quick view












 send roses to philippines-philippinesflowershop
 




$70.95



quick view












 red roses & pink lilies#25
 




$91.95



quick view














save 22%


 12 pieces pink roses 




 
$66.95




$51.95



quick view












 warmth & wonder
 




$47.95



quick view












 10 red tulips
 




$81.95



quick view












 10 pink tulips
 




$81.95



quick view














save 8%


 mixed tulips in bouquet
 
$97.95




$89.95



quick view












 24 red and pink roses with 12 ferrero in box
 




$84.95



quick view












 12 red tulips with 24 ferrero with valentines balloon
 




$134.95



quick view












 12 red roses with ferrero heart shape
 




$69.95



quick view












 12 red roses with 2 feet teddy bear 
 




$91.95



quick view














save 14%


 valentines  24 pink roses bouquet
 
$69.95




$59.95



quick view












 12 red roses with valentines chocolate cake
 




$84.95



quick view












 perfect to me




 




$69.95



quick view












 12 red roses with 12 ferrero chocolate in a box
 




$61.95



quick view












 12 red roses with bear with heart ferrero
 




$84.95



quick view












 send affordable gifts to philippines
 




$77.95



quick view












 rosy-forest goldilocks surprise
 




$94.95



quick view












 love bundle: roses, bear, balloon & chocolates
 




$92.95



quick view












 24 roses w/ teddy bear & chocolate
 




$334.95



quick view












 12 red roses bouquet with pink bear
 




$87.95



quick view












 24pcs white & pink roses bouquet with chocolate (free vase)
 




$86.95



quick view



 




 


blog



















mothers day flower delivery philippines
mar 4, 2024







send valentines day gifts to philippines
feb 10, 2024







valentine's day flowers to philippines
jan 24, 2024











                                                    reviews
                                
            















the flowers delivered were nice but was delivered 2 days earlier than the date i specified which...



maan
may 13, 2018













i am really pleased with the service - quick and perfect. you guys are awesome...!!



adrian
apr 2, 2019













they sent good quality fresh flowers but didn't send the msg i have written.



marvin
nov 13, 2018













i am very satisfied with the service and the flower's freshness when it arrive in our place.  i...



joel r.
oct 18, 2018













thank you. everyone was raving about how beautiful the basket arrangement i sent was.



catherine b., bronx, ny
jan 6, 2016













i never sent flowers over seas before and was apprehensive. they have a large selection and...



ref, ontario, canada
mar 14, 2019













i placed my order a month before 14th february 2019 so that it will arrive as i specified which...



nestor
feb 15, 2019













i ordered flower with philippinesflowershop three times. every times they delivery was quick and...



marlo
jun 10, 2020













thanks for delivering the gifts to my parents. they were very pleased and happy. good quality and...



sez
sep 8, 2018













i ordered a bouquet of balloons to be delivered to my boyfriends workplace for his birthday. the...



myreen
jan 28, 2013


















 
send flowers to philippines: bridging hearts across oceans
welcome to philippinesflowershop.com, your one-stop destination for all things floral and gifting in the philippines. whether you're looking to send a heartfelt bouquet, a thoughtful gift, or simply brighten someone's day, we're here to make it happen with style, efficiency, and a touch of magic. let's dive into the world of flowers, gifts, and the art of expressing emotions across distances.
imagine being able to send a piece of your heart to your loved ones in the philippines, no matter where you are in the world. at philippinesflowershop.com, we turn this dream into reality. sending flowers to the philippines has never been easier or more elegant. our seamless service ensures that your emotions are delivered fresh and fabulous, creating moments that resonate long after the delivery.
think of flowers as musical notes in the symphony of life. when you send flowers to the philippines through our service, each bloom carries the melody of your emotions, creating harmonious moments that touch the heart. sometimes, words fall short in expressing what we feel. that's where our flower delivery service steps in, bridging the gap between your thoughts and your loved ones' hearts.
whether it's a birthday, anniversary, or just because, why not let flowers do the talking? with our user-friendly platform and reliable delivery service, expressing your love across oceans is as simple as a few clicks. send flowers to the philippines today and watch love bloom in the hearts of those you cherish.
flower delivery in philippines: boundless beauty at your doorstep
embark on a journey of floral elegance with our unparalleled flower delivery service in the philippines. our commitment knows no bounds as we traverse the archipelago, ensuring every corner of this beautiful nation is adorned with the splendor of fresh blooms. from the bustling streets of manila to the serene shores of palawan, we bring forth an array of flowers, each petal a testament to nature's artistry.
our meticulously crafted bouquets are designed to evoke smiles and warm hearts, whether you're conveying love, expressing gratitude, or simply brightening someone's day. with seamless delivery right to your doorstep, we bridge the gap between miles, letting your emotions transcend geographical boundaries.
experience the boundless beauty of flowers, delivered with care and precision, as we strive to spread joy and happiness across the philippines. our flower delivery service is more than just a transaction; it's a promise to deliver emotions, wrapped in the most beautiful blooms nature has to offer.
send gifts to the philippines: beyond flowers
while flowers are our specialty, at philippinesflowershop.com, we understand that sometimes you want to go beyond blooms. that's why we offer a wide selection of gifts to suit any occasion. from decadent cakes that melt in your mouth to irresistible chocolates that sweeten any moment, we've got your taste buds covered.
looking for something cuddly? our adorable teddy bears are perfect for sending a warm hug across the miles. want to add a touch of festivity? our cheerful mylar balloons are sure to lift spirits and create a celebratory atmosphere.
for those who love variety, our delightful gift baskets are filled with an assortment of goodies, perfect for any occasion or recipient. with our reliable delivery service, you can rest assured that your gifts will arrive promptly and in pristine condition, making every moment extra special for your loved ones.
whether you're celebrating a birthday, marking an anniversary, or just want to brighten someone's day, philippinesflowershop.com has everything you need to convey your heartfelt sentiments across the miles. let us be your partner in creating unforgettable moments and strengthening bonds, no matter the distance.
send flowers to manila: blooming beauty in the capital
manila, the heart of the philippines, deserves nothing but the best when it comes to floral expressions. at philippinesflowershop.com, we offer an extensive selection of stunning floral arrangements, perfect for any occasion in the bustling capital.
whether you're celebrating a milestone birthday, marking a special anniversary, or sending your heartfelt condolences, our handpicked, fresh flowers are sure to make a lasting impression. our expert florists craft each bouquet with care and attention to detail, ensuring that every arrangement is a work of art.
we make it easy to deliver love across manila with our reliable and beautiful bouquets. from classic roses to exotic orchids, our diverse collection caters to all tastes and preferences. order now to brighten someone's day with a special flower delivery to manila, and watch as your thoughtful gesture transforms into a cherished memory.
same day delivery manila: swift service for spontaneous gestures
life is full of unexpected moments that call for immediate celebration or comfort. that's where our same day delivery service in manila comes in handy. at philippinesflowershop.com, we understand the importance of timely gestures, which is why we offer convenient same-day delivery for those last-minute occasions or spontaneous expressions of love.
our commitment to efficiency doesn't compromise the quality of our flowers or arrangements. we guarantee fast and reliable service, ensuring that your chosen flowers arrive fresh, beautiful, and on time. from vibrant roses to elegant lilies, our diverse collection has something for everyone, ready to be delivered at a moment's notice.
to take advantage of our same day delivery in manila, simply place your order before our daily cut-off time. once you've made your selection and provided the delivery details, leave the rest to us. we'll handle everything with care and precision, making sure your thoughtful gesture reaches its destination promptly.
with philippinesflowershop.com's same day delivery in manila, you're always prepared to share joy, offer comfort, or celebrate life's unexpected moments. let us be your partner in creating instant smiles and lasting memories in the vibrant city of manila.
best flower shop in the philippines: a testament to excellence
at philippinesflowershop.com, we take immense pride in being recognized as the best flower shop in the philippines. this prestigious title isn't just a badge of honor; it's a testament to our unwavering dedication to excellence in every petal and delivery.
what sets us apart as the best? it's our commitment to quality, our passion for floral artistry, and our relentless pursuit of customer satisfaction. every bouquet that leaves our shop is a masterpiece, crafted with love and attention to detail by our expert florists.
our extensive collection of flowers caters to all tastes and occasions. from classic roses that speak of timeless love to exotic orchids that exude elegance, we have something for everyone. our arrangements are not just bouquets; they're expressions of emotions, carefully designed to convey your feelings with grace and beauty.
but being the best isn't just about having beautiful flowers. it's about the entire experience we offer our customers. from the moment you visit our website to the instant your loved ones receive their flowers, we ensure a seamless, enjoyable journey. our user-friendly online platform makes ordering a breeze, while our efficient delivery service ensures your flowers arrive fresh and stunning.
we also pride ourselves on our customer service. our team is always ready to assist you, whether you need help choosing the perfect arrangement or have questions about your order. we believe in going above and beyond to ensure your complete satisfaction.
as the best flower shop in the philippines, we don't just meet expectations – we exceed them. we're not just selling flowers; we're creating experiences, delivering emotions, and helping you build lasting connections. choose philippinesflowershop.com for all your floral needs, and experience the difference that comes with being the best.
flower shop in philippines: crafting memories with fresh blooms
step into the enchanting world of philippinesflowershop.com, where every blossom tells a story and every arrangement is a work of art. as your trusted flower shop in the philippines, we're more than just a place to buy flowers – we're your partners in creating beautiful memories.
our shop is a haven for flower enthusiasts and gift-givers alike. here, you'll find an extensive array of fresh blooms, each carefully selected for its beauty and quality. from vibrant tropical flowers that capture the essence of the philippines to classic roses that never go out of style, our collection is as diverse as it is beautiful.
but what truly sets us apart is our dedication to crafting memories. we understand that when you choose to send flowers, you're not just sending a bouquet – you're sending a piece of your heart. that's why our expert florists pour their creativity and passion into every arrangement, ensuring that each one is as unique and special as the sentiment behind it.
whether you're celebrating a joyous occasion, expressing sympathy, or simply brightening someone's day, we have the perfect flowers to match your emotions. our arrangements are designed to delight the senses and touch the heart, creating moments that will be cherished for years to come.
as a leading flower shop in the philippines, we also pride ourselves on our commitment to freshness. we work closely with local growers to source the finest blooms, ensuring that every flower in our shop is at the peak of its beauty. this commitment to quality means that your arrangements will stay fresh and vibrant long after they're delivered, prolonging the joy they bring.
but our service doesn't stop at creating beautiful bouquets. we offer a complete floral experience, from expert advice on choosing the right flowers for any occasion to reliable delivery services that ensure your blooms arrive in perfect condition. our friendly staff is always ready to assist you, whether you're a floral connoisseur or a first-time buyer.
at philippinesflowershop.com, we're not just selling flowers – we're cultivating happiness, one bloom at a time. visit our flower shop in the philippines today and let us help you craft memories that will last a lifetime.
philippines flower shops: nature's artistry, delivered to your doorstep
in a world where expressions are often reduced to quick texts or emojis, philippines flower shops stand as a testament to the timeless power of nature's artistry. at philippinesflowershop.com, we bring you the most exquisite and radiant blossoms from the heart of the philippines, delivered right to your doorstep.
our collection showcases the rich floral diversity of the philippines. from the national flower, the sampaguita, with its delicate white petals and intoxicating fragrance, to the fiery red gumamela (hibiscus) that embodies tropical beauty, each bloom in our shop tells a story of the philippines' natural splendor.
but we don't stop at local favorites. our philippines flower shops also offer a wide range of international blooms, carefully cultivated to thrive in our tropical climate. elegant roses, cheerful sunflowers, graceful lilies – whatever your floral preference, you'll find it in our extensive collection.
what sets our philippines flower shops apart is our commitment to delivering not just flowers, but experiences. each bouquet is a canvas, and our skilled florists are the artists who bring your emotions to life through their floral creations. whether you're looking for a romantic gesture, a celebratory arrangement, or a sympathy bouquet, our team will craft the perfect floral message.
we understand that in today's fast-paced world, convenience is key. that's why we've made it incredibly easy to shop from our philippines flower shops. our user-friendly website allows you to browse our collection, customize your order, and schedule delivery, all from the comfort of your home or office. with just a few clicks, you can send a piece of nature's beauty to anyone, anywhere in the philippines.
our commitment to quality extends beyond our flowers to our delivery service. we take great care in packaging and transporting our floral arrangements, ensuring they arrive at their destination as fresh and beautiful as when they left our shop. our reliable delivery network covers major cities and remote areas alike, making it possible to share the joy of flowers with loved ones across the archipelago.
at philippinesflowershop.com, we're more than just flower shops – we're curators of nature's finest creations, dedicated to bringing the beauty of blooms into the lives of people across the philippines. experience the artistry of nature with our philippines flower shops, and let us help you express your deepest emotions through the language of flowers.
affordable flower delivery in philippines: heartfelt gestures for every budget
at philippinesflowershop.com, we believe that the joy of giving and receiving flowers should be accessible to everyone. that's why we're proud to offer affordable flower delivery in the philippines, making it possible for you to send beautiful blooms without breaking the bank.
our commitment to affordability doesn't mean compromising on quality. we work hard to source the freshest flowers at the best prices, passing the savings on to you. from budget-friendly bouquets to more elaborate arrangements, we have options to suit every pocket.
here's why our affordable flower delivery in the philippines is the smart choice for savvy gift-givers:


quality on a budget: our affordable options are crafted with the same care and attention as our premium bouquets. you'll find a delightful array of fresh, beautiful blooms that are sure to impress.


wide selection: from cheerful daisies to elegant roses, our affordable range covers a variety of flowers and arrangements. you're sure to find something that fits both your budget and the occasion.


customization options: even with our budget-friendly options, you can add personal touches. include a heartfelt message or pair your flowers with affordable add-ons like chocolates or a small teddy bear.


reliable delivery: affordable doesn't mean unreliable. our delivery service ensures your flowers arrive fresh and on time, whether you're sending them to a bustling city or a remote province.


perfect for regular gifting: our affordable options make it possible to send flowers more often. brighten someone's day with a surprise bouquet, just because you can!


seasonal specials: keep an eye out for our seasonal offers and discounts, making our already affordable flowers even more accessible.


subscription options: for those who love to spread joy regularly, consider our flower subscription services. get beautiful, affordable blooms delivered at set intervals, perfect for offices or homes that always want to have fresh flowers.


remember, it's the thought that counts, and with our affordable flower delivery in the philippines, you can share your thoughts and feelings more often. whether it's a small bunch to say "thinking of you" or a modest arrangement for a special day, we've got you covered.
at philippinesflowershop.com, we're committed to making beautiful moments possible for everyone. explore our affordable options today and discover how easy it is to spread joy without stretching your budget. because when it comes to expressing your feelings, every bloom counts, no matter the price.
flower bouquet delivery in the philippines: artistry in every arrangement
when it comes to flower bouquet delivery in the philippines, philippinesflowershop.com stands out as a beacon of excellence. our bouquets are more than just collections of flowers; they're carefully crafted works of art designed to convey your deepest emotions and create lasting impressions.
here's what makes our flower bouquet delivery service special:


artistic designs: our skilled florists are true artists, creating bouquets that are visually stunning and emotionally evocative. each arrangement is thoughtfully composed, balancing colors, textures, and flower types to create a harmonious whole.


fresh, premium blooms: we source only the freshest, highest-quality flowers for our bouquets. this ensures that your gift not only looks beautiful upon delivery but stays fresh and vibrant for days to come.


wide variety: from classic rose bouquets to exotic tropical arrangements, we offer a wide range of styles to suit every taste and occasion. whether you're looking for something romantic, celebratory, or sympathetic, we have the perfect bouquet.


customization options: we understand that personal touches make a gift special. that's why we offer customization options for our bouquets. add or substitute flowers, choose specific colors, or include special extras to make your bouquet uniquely meaningful.


occasion-specific arrangements: we offer specially designed bouquets for various occasions – birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, congratulations, sympathy, and more. these thoughtfully crafted arrangements perfectly capture the sentiment of the moment.


seasonal specials: we love to celebrate the changing seasons with special bouquets that showcase the best blooms of the time. from spring tulips to winter poinsettias, our seasonal bouquets are always a delight.


reliable delivery: our delivery service is known for its reliability and care. we ensure that your bouquet arrives on time and in perfect condition, whether it's going to a home, office, or special event venue.


packaging with care: we take extra care in packaging our bouquets to protect them during transit. your flowers will arrive looking as fresh and beautiful as they did when they left our shop.


same-day delivery option: for those last-minute gifts or spontaneous gestures, we offer same-day delivery in many areas. your thoughtfulness doesn't have to wait!


flower care instructions: each bouquet comes with care instructions to help the recipient keep their flowers fresh for as long as possible, extending the joy of your gift.


eco-friendly options: for the environmentally conscious, we offer bouquets created with sustainability in mind, featuring locally-sourced flowers and eco-friendly packaging.


corporate services: we also cater to businesses looking for regular flower deliveries or large-scale event floristry








 
 





stay connected


email






















 
 


my account




sign in
create account






philippinesflowershop




contact us
sitemap
blog
substitution policy







customer service



 
about your order
wishlist
comparison list
how to order






about us



 
about philippinesflowershop
privacy policy
delivery information
refund and return
terms and condition







 
 


 
 
 
 




 









abra
agusan del norte
agusan del sur
aklan
albay
antique
apayao
aurora
basilan
bataan


batanes
batangas
benguet
biliran
bohol
bukidnon
bulacan
cagayan
camarines norte
camarines sur


camiguin
capiz
catanduanes
cavite
cebu
cotabato
davao de oro
davao del norte
davao del sur
davao occidental


davao oriental
dinagat islands
eastern samar
guimaras
ifugao
ilocos norte
ilocos sur
iloilo
isabela
kalinga


la union
laguna
lanao del norte
lanao del sur
leyte
maguindanao
marinduque
masbate
mountain province
negros occidental


negros oriental
northern samar
nueva ecija
nueva vizcaya
occidental mindoro
oriental mindoro
palawan
pampanga
pangasinan
quezon


quirino
rizal
romblon
samar
sarangani
siquijor
sorsogon
south cotabato
southern leyte
sultan kudarat


sulu
surigao del norte
surigao del sur
tarlac
tawi-tawi
zambales
zamboanga del norte
zamboanga del sur
zamboanga sibugay
basilan



    ©
            2004 -
        
    2025 philippinesflowershop.com.


































