




online doctoral degree programs | university of phoenix































skip to main content
skip to bottom
skip to chat, email, text























search for programs and more









quick links

programs

 courses

 tuition

 how to enroll

 career services





close





844-937-8679


login





login




login







go to myphoenix


return to my application


my saved programs


log out


















online degrees & coursesdegrees & courses




admissions & tuitionadmissions




tools & supporttools




aboutabout













request info
apply now


finish enrollment tasks
student portal










search for programs and more









quick links

programs

 courses

 tuition

 how to enroll

 career services





close




844-937-8679




menu















behavioral sciences


business


criminal justice


education


healthcare


information technology


liberal arts


nursing


psychology


take a single course












see all behavioral sciences degrees
bachelor's degrees in human services
bachelor's degree in social work
master's degrees in counseling
courses in behavioral sciences

















exceptional flexibility


        i would not be able to go back to school if it were not for the fact that i can sign in at my convenience to complete my assignments."
    

deann b.



        i would not be able to go back to school if it were not for the fact that i can sign in at my convenience to complete my assignments."
    






















see all business degrees
bachelor's degrees in business
master's degrees in business
mba – competency-based
doctoral degrees in business
associate degrees in business
certificates in business
courses in business

















save time and money


        i love being a phoenix – i feel that everything that i have learned has either enhanced my life or my career, and it is well worth the time and expense."
    

hilda j.



        i love being a phoenix – i feel that everything that i have learned has either enhanced my life or my career, and it is well worth the time and expense."
    






















see all criminal justice degrees
bachelor's degrees in criminal justice
bachelor's degree in public administration
master's degrees in criminal justice
master's degree in public administration
associate degrees in criminal justice
courses in criminal justice

















exceptional flexibility


        the hours of study are very flexible; faculty are very attentive."
    

kamontip t.



        the hours of study are very flexible; faculty are very attentive."
    






















see all education degrees
bachelor's degrees in education
master's degrees in education
doctoral degrees in education
certificates in education
continuing teacher education courses

















exceptional flexibility


        university of phoenix is a terrific online school choice for those who have a busy life, but still want to pursue their career."
    

kamontip t.



        university of phoenix is a terrific online school choice for those who have a busy life, but still want to pursue their career."
    






















see all healthcare degrees
bachelor's degrees in health administration & management
health management – direct-assessment 
master's degrees in healthcare
health administration – competency-based 
doctoral degrees in health administration
certificates in healthcare
courses in healthcare

















exceptional flexibility


        the workload is manageable for working adults who want to enhance their careers, but don’t have the time to attend classes in person."
    

rebecca n.



        the workload is manageable for working adults who want to enhance their careers, but don’t have the time to attend classes in person."
    






















see all information technology degrees
bachelor's degrees in information technology
information technology – direct-assessment
master's degrees in information technology
information systems – competency-based
associate degrees in information technology
certificates in information technology
courses in information technology

















career-relevant education


        university of phoenix offers ease of access to classes, and a program without added fluff, so you take the classes relevant to the career you are pursuing."
    

mandy g.



        university of phoenix offers ease of access to classes, and a program without added fluff, so you take the classes relevant to the career you are pursuing."
    






















see all liberal arts degrees
bachelor's degrees in liberal arts
courses in general education
why general education?

















career-relevant education


        i have already learned some great new skills that are directly applicable to my career and my personal life."
    

nathan w.



        i have already learned some great new skills that are directly applicable to my career and my personal life."
    






















see all nursing degrees
bachelor's degrees in nursing
nursing – competency-based
master's degrees in nursing
doctoral degrees in nursing
courses in nursing

















career-relevant education


        i thoroughly enjoy the online platform and each instructor has been amazing.”
    

chersten a.



        i thoroughly enjoy the online platform and each instructor has been amazing.”
    






















see all psychology degrees
bachelor's degrees in psychology
master's degrees in psychology
psychology – direct-assessment
courses in psychology

















balance work, life and school


        as a busy mom this school is the perfect match for me."
    

gladys l.



        as a busy mom this school is the perfect match for me."
    






















accounting
behavioral sciences
business
business management
communication & languages
counseling
criminal justice
cybersecurity
data analytics
digital marketing
finance
general education
continuing teacher education






healthcare
humanities
information technology
leadership
marketing
math
nursing
programming
project management
psychology
public administration
sciences
professional development

























admissions

admissions requirements
upcoming start dates





tuition & financial aid

tuition overview
financial aid
financial aid faq
student loan repayment











ways to save

savings explorer® tool
scholarships
transfer credits
work & life experience
employer tuition benefits
financial literacy & wellness center























        try our savings explorer® tool
        





students with eligible credits and relevant experience on average saved $11k and 1 year off their undergraduate degree with university of phoenix.




















resources

student resources
articles
webinars
research hub





tools

find your program
online course catalog
savings explorer® tool











career support

career guides
career services
career-relevant skills























        find your employer
        





















about us

our university
accreditation
our mission & values
our people
our impact
reviews











student life

life as a phoenix
military
blog
alumni























        get started
        














see all programs
see all courses
find your program













































online doctoral degree programs
an online doctoral degree is your opportunity to stand apart in your field. become a leader that can drive change and leave an impact. make the choice to step up. from corporations to your community, your professional doctorate prepares you with leadership skills that empower you to make a difference.


















let's get started





        request info
        






        apply now
        



































program finder










interested in a doctorate in nursing practice?
learn more about the online doctorate nursing degree.



















doctoral degree program length




the doctoral degree program length can vary by program expectations. course extensions, research proposals, and research and dissertation can all impact the duration and cost of doctoral studies. that's why our doctoral support team is here to guide you every step of the way. review your selected program for details.
if you have questions, speak to our dedicated doctoral enrollment representative.

























602-544-3737





        602-544-3737
        



























support for your doctoral degree




your success as a doctoral student matters to us. that’s why we provide you with a customized support system that helps you reach your leadership goals with confidence. 













doctoral-dedicated graduation team
receive doctoral-focused support from an enrollment rep and academic advisor who understands your doctoral journey.

















dissertation support
rely on dissertation support and assistance from our faculty including the dissertation chair, university research methodologist, and panel validator. they are ready to assist you early in your program and throughout the completion of your dissertation.

















college of doctoral studies resource repository
explore the research hub, a vital source of information, materials, guides, webinars and workshops relevant to your success as a doctoral student. 

















college of doctoral studies alumni mentor program
the university of phoenix offers an alumni mentoring program for doctoral students. speak to an enrollment representative for details. 

















college of doctoral studies facebook group
network with other university of phoenix doctoral students and take the journey together









































why earn your doctorate degree online with us?





















career-focused doctoral education
all our professional doctoral degrees provide career-relevant skills that can be applied to leadership roles in your community or organization.





        the value of professional doctoral degrees
        


















the scholar-practitioner-leader model
our unique doctoral model provides you with the guidance necessary to become a scholar-practitioner-leader. by participating in classroom dialogue, researching peer-reviewed sources, and integrating application-based knowledge, you can expand your leadership knowledge and translate classroom learning (scholarship) into effective leadership behaviors (practice).





        learn more about the model
        


















transfer credits for doctoral students
you can apply up to 27 doctoral-level credits you’ve earned from accredited institutions toward your professional doctoral degree. 





        learn more about transfer credits
        


















the doctoral scholarship
apply for the opportunity to earn up to $3,000 for new students and alumni pursuing their doctoral degree at university of phoenix.

















accreditation that matters
we’ve been accredited by the higher learning commission (hlcommission.org)  for more than 40 years.





        check our accreditation
        









































































meet your college deans




our college deans focus on developing a career-relevant curriculum. they bring industry experience to the classroom and lead a faculty of academic professionals with one goal in mind—to help you earn the skills you need to pursue your career.







































hinrich eylers, phd
vice provost of doctoral studies and academic operations














        learn more
        






































shawn todd-boone, edd
associate dean, college of doctoral studies













        learn more
        






































lilia santiague, phd
associate dean, college of doctoral studies













        learn more
        















































cathy lalley, phd
associate dean, college of doctoral studies













        learn more
        






































herman van niekerk, phd
associate dean, college of doctoral studies













        learn more
        










































“university of phoenix built my confidence as a professional, and instilled in me a great sense of perspective on how to contribute to the community.”




roxanne m-b.
master of health administration, ’07; doctor of management in organizational leadership, ‘15

































frequently asked questions about online doctoral degrees











expand all
collapse all







why get an online doctorate degree?









a professional doctorate program gives you career-relevant skills that prepare you to impact and help transform fields like business, management, health administration, education and nursing.











what is the online environment like for doctoral programs at university of phoenix?










university of phoenix postgraduate programs are all online.
one of the most convenient aspects of the university of phoenix online learning model is that you choose the days and times to participate in class each week. you do need to meet the minimum participation requirements by posting substantive contributions to the classroom on three of seven days each week. while there are due dates for assignments, when you do the work for those assignments is up to you.
the college of doctoral studies may accept up to 27 doctoral-level credits, depending on the program, from a regionally or nationally accredited institution of higher learning.












what doctoral degrees and elective tracks are available at university of phoenix?










at university of phoenix, we have doctoral degree programs in business, education, healthcare and nursing. within these fields, we have four accredited doctoral programs, which include:

doctor of business administration
doctor of education
doctor of health administration
doctor of management

the college of doctoral studies also offers specific program elective tracks, which place a specific emphasis of study within a larger degree program. our elective tracks include:
doctor of management elective tracks:

information systems and technology
organizational leadership

doctor of education elective tracks:

curriculum and instruction 
educational leadership 
educational technology 
higher education administration













what's the difference between a doctorate degree and a phd?










simply put – with online phd programs you contribute to an original body of knowledge in preparation for an academic career pursuing that knowledge. in comparison, with our practitioner online doctorate degree, you’ll contribute largely by applying existing knowledge and leadership toward solving real-world problems in your field and your community.












how will i write my doctorate degree dissertation?










your original and valued dissertation research serves as the foundation for your field of interest. our dedicated doctoral school puts the student at the center of an ecosystem of experienced faculty. we offer resources geared to help you succeed from an introductory doctoral course sequence through all the steps to completing and disseminating your dissertation.












do all doctoral faculty members have doctoral degrees?










yes, all college of doctoral studies faculty members have doctoral degrees. additionally, most hold positions within the fields they teach. when they are not teaching class, our instructors are leaders in their respective organizations.












how much does a doctorate degree cost? and is financial aid available?










program cost can vary depending on program length. course extensions, research proposals, and research and dissertation can all impact the duration and cost of doctoral studies. review your selected program for details. 
you can also apply for the doctoral scholarship, which offers up to $3,000 for new students and alumni pursuing their doctoral degree at university of phoenix.
military students, alumni and international students receive special pricing. please check with your enrollment representative for pricing details.

additionally, there are financial aid resources available to you. your enrollment representative will be happy to discuss those options with you. learn more about your tuition and financial options.


































read more about doctoral degrees













                        md vs. phd vs. professional doctorate comparison
                      


                       online degrees
                    
june 22, 2023 • 8 minutes













                        alumni mentor program paves the way for future success of doctoral students
                      


                       university life
                    
january 02, 2023 • 7 minutes













                        doctoral student vs. candidate comparison
                      


                       university life
                    
april 26, 2023 • 7 minutes



















































start a conversation about your future with an enrollment representative today.

















        call 844-937-8679
        














        start chatting
        
































































request info




apply now




finish enrollment tasks




student portal



















academics
academics




all programs
bachelor’s degrees
master’s degrees
competency-based degrees
doctorate degrees
associate degrees
certificates
all courses
academic catalog









our university
our university




about us
mission & values
accreditation & licensures
academic annual report
university leadership
career institute
campus locations









policies & disclosures
policies & disclosures




accessibility
ca bppe website
cares act heerf
code of ethics
campus safety
regulatory information
title ix information
consumer information guide
change in ownership notice









become a phoenix
become a phoenix




returning students
international students
military students
transfer students







support
support




contact us
disability services
student complaint process








resources
resources




transcripts
phoenixstore
net price calculator
college scorecard
career opportunities
generative ai
media center
press releases
employer solutions













 
























trustscore: 4.3


 5923 reviews 




























































privacy policy


terms & conditions


trademark usage


manage cookie preferences


manage communication preferences



adchoices 







ca, co & tx residents: do not sell or share


copyright © 2025 university of phoenix





adchoices 


































































