




hp 2025 - century ride



































































































 



 




youtube
books we’re reading
 

 

youtube
books we’re reading
 







getting older doesn't have to suck. 



we’re avid cyclists over 50 who want to keep the joy of the ride alive as long as possible and live better, healthier, happier lives well into old age so we can kick ass in our second half. 





 











our recent videos 




 




 



mtb and mood: the science of feeling great 



					there's nothing worse than not riding something you know you should be able to ride: the dab, the bulk, the ride around, the high of a bike. it's so frustrating, but what if i told you that embracing the frustration is the start of something incredible? 				









 



the crazy link between mtb & your brain 



					there's nothing worse than not riding something you know you should be able to ride: the dab, the bulk, the ride around, the high of a bike. it's so frustrating, but what if i told you that embracing the frustration is the start of something incredible? 				









 



mtb at 75? you’re not too old, says north shore betty 



					"i’ve had to go from riding double blacks to not so much because of a few crashes or injuries. but i don’t ride double blacks anymore."				









 



cyclists: fuel rides and shed pounds with garmin & ai 



					cycling and weight loss... the number one issue 40+ cyclists struggle with is weight loss -- despite all the miles and hours on the bike! on the other hand we need to fuel our longer rides.				









 



the secret to choosing a gravel bike 



					hundreds of gravel bikes, multiple test rides, countless youtube videos, and six months of indecision later, and i have finally found the perfect gravel bike. 				









 



3 reasons every cyclist needs a dexa scan 



					according to my garmin scale, my percentage body fat is 33%. i call bull. so, i decided to put my scale to the test with the gold standard: a dexa scan.				













 
subscribe to the channel







































