





portland website development & maintenace | efishinsea web development








































×
for sale!























hello
about
services
portfolio
contact











custom web development
rapid turnaround
creative solutions
dependable maintenance
happy customers!



learn more










about us


				at efishinsea, we strive to produce professional web applications which are inviting to your target audience and effective at highlighting your organization, products or services.
			

				we can help you with anything from basic site re-designs to powerful database-driven commerce sites, content-management sites, email, website hosting, and everything in between.
			

				our goal is to provide excellent, timely service at affordable prices, and to make your overall experience a positive one. if we can answer any questions for you about websites, hosting or just where to start, contact us today!
			











services


					our services & experience range the spectrum of website needs.
					most of our time is spent with wordpress sites and we've seen or done it all for over 15 years as the platform has grown.
					make sure to see our portfolio for proof of our awesomeness.
				










design



custom web design
site redesign & strategy
mobile ready websites
animation and motion









coding



custom web applications
content management systems
database programming
web services integrations









wordpress



wordpress sites
wordpress migrations
custom wp themes
custom wp plugins
hacked site repair
monthly wp maintenance











e-commerce



online shop integrations
database support
e-commerce systems
online payment integration














some of our work




all
programming
integration
wordpress
maintenance
























youth dynamics
wordpress / programming / integration / maintenance









sundeleaf painting, inc.
wordpress / programming / maintenance









 the open table
wordpress / programming / maintenance









resolution strategies llp®
wordpress / integration / programming









basho.com
wordpress / programming / maintenance









equitypoint real estate
wordpress / integration / maintenance









birch community services, inc.
wordpress / programming / maintenance









rideindego.com
wordpress / integration / programming









canby carwash & autolube
wordpress / programming / maintenance









swag nw
wordpress / maintenance









best western route 66
programming / maintenance









road runner limousine
programming / maintenance













kind words from amazing clients

















"basho loves working with sam especially because he's so efficient and easy to work with.  sam knows when and when not to ask questions when executing an assignment.  he educates us while executing his assignments.  we highly recommend sam based on his work for basho.com."
stephen condon, director of marketingbasho.com


"our real estate company has worked with sam for several years building and updating our website.  we recently had him rebuild our entire website and he was very attentive to our preferences and tailoring our new website to our goals.  he delivered the finished product quickly and we love it!  we would definitely recommend sam to others."
katie bain, general manager and principal brokerequitypointrealestate.com


"sam is one of the best in his field. he is extremely knowledgable, responsive and is always staying current with industry trends. i feel completely confident referring him to anyone because i know he takes great care of his clients."
lien hong, ownercyphondesign.com


"sam makes my work easy.  he's fast, efficient, flexible, creative, and patient with us 'non-techies'.  we get only positive comments about our website design and accessibility."
suzanne birch, executive directorbirchcommunityservices.org


"sam is always very responsive and unusually creative in solving problems, and has been a valuable partner for various content types: sam is fast with imagery and a trusted adviser on look and feel.  ever since my web sites migrated from asp to wordpress, i regularly rely on sam for fast fixes to the infrastructure and the template. i recommend sam miller unconditionally."
eric wolff, director of marketinglookingglass cyber security


"i've worked directly with sam for a number of years – he has been our principal technical resource for all things related to our collection of websites. his talent for web design, complex api programming, and web technical support is unmatched, and he is responsive and quick with all of his work. i recommend his work highly – you're just not going to find better anywhere!"
steve kreitzberg, ownerphoenix redevelopment













this # does not accept sales, marketing or partnership calls503.this # does not accept sales, marketing or partnership calls%522.this # does not accept sales, marketing or partnership calls%0376





						contact efishinsea.com
					





						 portland, oregon
					








get in touch






name




email



message














© 2025 efishinsea web development. all rights reserved.



























