




















kā‘anapali golf courses | golf courses in maui hawaii














































































































































call: 808.661.3691 | contact us



skip to main content



















golf





book a tee time

royal ka'anapali course

ka'anapali kai course

lessons

callaway rogue rental clubs

stay & play

virtual tee time assistant

footgolf

golf specials

new to golf?

driving range & practice putting green



book a tee time

royal ka'anapali course

ka'anapali kai course

lessons

callaway rogue rental clubs

stay & play

virtual tee time assistant

footgolf

golf specials

new to golf?

driving range & practice putting green





host @ ka'anapali





tournaments & group tee times

weddings

corporate group & social events



tournaments & group tee times

weddings

corporate group & social events





calendar




shop




news




join





troon programs

mobile app



troon programs

mobile app





roy's




dr. donnis thompson invitational




ka'anapali classic






search



close

search


keyword search

search


keyword search






        75°
            
                



sun
02/16
clear sky



77°/74°


mon
02/17
scattered clouds



76°/74°


tue
02/18
clear sky



77°/74°





book a tee time


















the royal course

arnold palmer called the 18th hole (par 4) one of the best and most challenging finishing holes he’d ever played.

play the royal
















the kai course

at 6,400 yards, the par 70 course is a fun, forgiving golf course with subtle, undulating greens that accommodates all levels of play.

play the kai
















troon access

unlock exclusive savings at ka'anapali golf courses and over 150 troon locations with troon access, offering 15% off unlimited rounds and extra perks for troon access+ members.

sign up for troon access
















book your round

36 holes of incredible views. a lifetime of memories. book your tee time today!

book a tee time
















ka'anapali talk story

read the november - december 2024 issue of the ka'anapali talk story.  

read the newsletter
















stay & play

ka'anapali resort is the place you’re dreaming of. whether you want a romantic getaway or a fun family vacation, you’ll find it right here.

stay & play
















maui strong shirt

the “maui strong” shirt is a powerful sign of community solidarity, perseverance, and support in the midst of the devastating fires on maui.a portion of these shirt sales will be donated to troon cares, which directly supports our own associates and their ‘ohana.

shop today
















shop ka'anapali online

check out our one-stop shop for purchasing customizable ka'anapali gear!

shop ka'anapali merchandise
















book your outing

host your golf outing, tournament or group tee time in paradise

book today










            welcome to kā'anapali golf courses
        

            home to 36 holes of infinite incredible maui views
        




            our ka'anapali golf courses
        

amidst the breathtaking beauty of maui, we invite you to experience something beyond the fairways and greens. playing at ka'anapali golf courses is an opportunity to immerse yourself in the spirit of aloha – a warm, welcoming embrace from the moment you step onto our property. it's a chance to connect with the island's essence, to slow down, and to savor the moments that truly matter. as you tee off against a backdrop of swaying palms and azure seas, you'll find more than just a game; you'll find a sanctuary where the rhythm of your swing aligns with the tranquility of the hawaiian islands. come, let your soul breathe, and discover why playing here is an invitation to embrace aloha and create memories that will stay with you long after you've left.













royal kā'anapali


                february 14, 2022 11:32 am
            
arnold palmer called the 18th hole one of the best and most challenging finishing holes he’d ever played.come see why.
















 ka'anapali kai


                february 14, 2022 11:36 am
            
at 6,400 yards, the par 70 course is a more forgiving golf course with subtle, undulating greens that accommodates all levels of play.










            what's happening at kā'anapali
        














best golf rates online


                july 2, 2020 06:13 pm
            
best rates only found here. 
















lessons


                july 2, 2020 11:24 pm
            
improve your game today.
















weddings & events


                november 3, 2021 10:41 am
            
put on the perfect outing or event at ka'anapali!
















host at ka'anapali


                july 2, 2020 10:25 pm
            
host your golf outing, tournament or event in paradise.
















footgolf for the win


                july 16, 2020 10:27 am
            
come play a round of footgolf. 
















download our app


                july 2, 2020 09:54 pm
            
book, track, score, save! 
















send a package of aloha


                july 2, 2020 10:20 pm
            
can't make it out to maui this year or want to send a friend a package of aloha?
















ka'anapali talk story

get caught up on the latest news in kā’anapali!








        our reviews
    



















x
















aloha from ka’anapali golf courses to our loyal players and 'ohana


                thank you for all of the heartwarming messages and concern for our maui community. our golf courses and ka’anapali resort area are safe and unharmed from the west maui fires, however many of our associates suffered loss. we want to thank everyone around the world who has supported our community and associates to recover from this disaster.many have asked how they can help our west maui community. the troon cares associate relief fund remains a source to provide assistance to all troon associates facing significant financial hardship, including from the maui fires and those affected by other catastrophic events or hardships. we will be assisting our maui associates in applying for relief through the troon cares associate relief fund at www.troon.com/trooncares/donations can be made directly through the troon cares donation link. these donations are tax deductible and funds will be awarded to directly help kapalua golf associates as well as other fellow troon associates impacted.we will share continued updates via our website and ka'anapali social media. #mauistrong #trooncares #kaanapaligolf
            

donate today










x
















join troon rewards® - the more you play, the more you save!


sign up or log in for golf's premier loyalty program.


visit troon rewards












                    golf is calling your name
                
36 holes of incredible views. a lifetime of memories.

book now













managed by


















quick links

royal ka'anapali course

ka'anapali kai course

calendar of events

golf outings

online store

media kit






contact us
main | local: 808.661.3691fax: 808.661.0203submit an inquiry

 facebook

 instagram

 twitter






address
2290 ka'anapali pkwylahaina, hi 96761get driving directions













                play golf
            

                call 808.661.3691 or
            

                
                    book a tee time
                
            








newsletter

subscribe to get the latest news and offers



i consent to receive emails from ka'anapali. i can unsubscribe anytime.



email




































thank you for subscribing.
enter another email


subscribe













copyright © 2025. ka'anapali golf courses. all rights reserved.privacy policy terms of use accessibility sitemap



