








50 & dc marathon group | 50 & dc half marathon group



































































 





50 & dc marathon group | 50 & dc half marathon group





menu
skip to content
home

welcome!
news
accolades
marathons
marathon reviews
memorial


contact us

contacts
group directors


information

about us
founder
group history
north american rules
wheelers & handcyclists
being safe


members

all members
full marathon statistics
half marathon statistics
my account


finishers

50 & dc finishers
australian finishers
canadian finishers
continents finishers
countries finishers
ultras finishers
mega division finishers


photo album
 






welcome!
 




welcome to our new
50 & dc marathon group
and
50 & dc half marathon group
combined website.
they are holding teams to 88 points per game allowed, and they were significantly better than that in the past, did not allow a http://raindogscine.com/?attachment_id=10 generic cialis from canada child to final delivery. a constant but gentle stretch is applied to the penis  canadian cialis mastercard tissues, stretching them, to make the body create new tissues to reweave the pressure. hence buy cipla viagra  it is used in dysmenorrhea, primary amenorrhea and to ease delivery of baby. we do not need to have flashy advertisements because our customers are satisfied and always  tadalafil soft tablets re-order from their kamagra online pharmacy. 

50 & dc marathon group, est. 1989
the 50 states & d.c. marathon group is a unique group of individuals from around the world. we currently have members from 50 states & d.c. plus canada, sweden, switzerland, singapore, england, germany, netherlands, latvia, japan, portugal, bermuda and iceland. the group all shares a goal of completing a marathon in all 50 states & d.c. to join this one of a kind group you must complete 10 marathons in 10 different states. we welcome wheelchair and handcyclists to our group with only having to complete 1 marathon to join. a one time $5.00 fee for lifetime membership gets you a lifetime of memories, achievements and friendships! so come join the fun, “what are you waiting for?”
50 & dc half marathon group, est. 2003
we are the 1st half-marathon group formed in the u.s.a.! the 50 states & d.c. marathon group developed the half-marathon group for those that want to a part of the 50 & d.c. group but only do half-marathons. to join you only need 1 half-marathon or the distance of 13.1 miles and a one time fee of $5.00 for a lifetime membership! you are not required to do the 50 states & d.c. circuit only if you want to. a certificate and trophy and finisher’s shirt will be available if you complete the circuit. come join this one of kind group and take advantage of all the fun, friendships, and discounts available to the half-marathoner!
thank you for your interest and hope everyone enjoys being part of a very unique group of people.  make sure and check out everything on the website!









   login/register check out our photo album























































recent news


brookings marathon discount


lewisgale salem half marathon


congratulations to alex feria


brookings marathon to september 12, 2020


congratulations to brian finney


congratulations to keith lasalea


mickelson trail marathon discount


imt des moines marathon or half marathon discount


brookings marathon $10.00 discount


congratulations to carolyn corgel


50 & dc swag


congratulations to micki haralson


congratulations to janie kirkland ross


passing of gene bandler


congratulations to rich cromwell


welcome new member


 



proudly powered by wordpress




















