







personality





















































0








        skip to content
      



























        say hello
      
















open menu
close menu




























        say hello
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  say hello
                





















the one-page psychology-based framework used by hundreds of teams to unleash clarity and forge agreement so that you can lead clearly and grow courageously.














“one of the best i’ve seen. it was just so darn fun. so much in such a short period of time. outstanding facilitation. the collaborative process was amazing.” 





























it all begins with the story your organization tells itself. many skip this step and spend too much time and money on their outward appearance. and, well, it can go downhill from there.



you are confronted with countless choices every day. every decision you face is another fork in the road set to determine your future. how should you grow? who should you hire? what should you say? what should you stop doing? is it time to try something new or double down on a few things that are working? how do you know if you are making the right choice or even asking the right questions?



“in a few hundred years,” said the late peter drucker, “when the history of our time will be written… it is likely that the most important event historians will see is not technology, not the internet, not e-commerce. it is an unprecedented change in the human condition. for the first time… rapidly growing numbers of people have choices…. and society is totally unprepared for it.”















what we do (and do well)















personalityfor teams21 frames in one dayon one page















personality-basedconsultingimplementation throughdesign thinking 















personality-basedexecutive coachinginsights and decision-making














“your ability to help a newly-formed team come to complete consensus about our direction and vision. this is a very healthy process. the sense of excitement i experienced.”


























meet your master pencil sharpeners















brad abare convenes, facilitates, and leads disparate and diverse teams to create clarity, common ground, and shared purpose. for over 20 years, brad has come alongside hundreds of organizations—large and small—helping executive teams in areas such as organizational identity, culture, strategy, development, communication, and future planning. brad has decades of experience in management, including roles as founder, board chair, director, chief of staff, vp, and ceo. an entrepreneur with a knack for failure, brad has an executive masters in change from insead (singapore), with an emphasis on consulting and coaching.















shawn stewart has 20+ years of multi-category brand-building experience from strategy to creative direction working on both the agency and client sides of the business. shawn is a specialist in brand strategy and brand culture development working as the national brand strategy and brand management lead for a multibillion-dollar healthcare provider and not-for-profit health plan serving over 10 million members. shawn began his career as a visual identity designer, graduating with honors from the art institute of fort lauderdale and the aiga executive management program for creative leaders at yale university.















with the personality framework, you’re primed for clarity.



purposeidentityvaluesvisioncultureorg designgovernancebusiness modelplanningstrategycommunication





























personality



contact



hello@thinkpersonality.com+1 213-201-1800 call or textseattle + los angeles











