


a proportional response























    
	a proportional response
	
  
immediate, decisive and low-risk commentary on politics and policy.







saturday, august 18, 2007



	 jetblue bill of shame
    


great new blog i've found over at http://jetbluebillofrights.blogspot.com/.  the jetblue bill of rights is a sham.  i agree.  tell them why.



posted by marc @ 2:01 pm  
      
         13 comments






wednesday, november 08, 2006



	 cause wonkette wouldn't take my tip
    


woohoo!  democrats won!  cnn.com international edition was helping me enjoy this moment with a picture of president bill clinton celebrating tuesday's victory with new york democratic congressional candidates eric massa and dan maffei....except that both massa and maffei, well, lost!thanks cnn.



posted by marc @ 12:41 pm  
      
         24 comments






friday, july 28, 2006



	 hemming and hawing, to what end?
    


mr. fellow today pointed out a peter beinart column in yesterday's washington post that basically called the democratic leadership to task for a string of cheap, politically minded public stands in recent months. generally, the column makes some fair points, but i have fairly serious problems with some of its specific contentions.first off, i'm not sure what else he suggests on the israel front -- democrats have to make empty pro-israel threats like that to make sure jews know democrats still think about them. they need to make sure jews know the ultra-left, which hates israel, does not represent the democratic mainstream. on the ports deal, it's important to point out that a sizable number of republicans also attacked bush at the time. and it's important to remember that the administration didn't handle the whole thing very well, hastily approving the deal, which would have handed 6 major ports to a company owned by a country that had very recently aided al-qaida. again, the column's a bit harsh on the democratic leadership for that. i agree that democrats should be more internationalist, in an ode to our modern forefathers, and that the ports deal opposition smacked of nativism, but right now, that's politics.i'm also not sure what regularly attacking the democratic party for being unimaginative and politically expedient really does for us. how long has the democratic leadership been attacked as such? minus an eight-year respite (during which a lot of democrats still attacked the party), we've had unimaginative, much-maligned leadership for about 30 years. it seems to me a problem that ingrained needs more than hemming and hawing if we're going to find a solution.



posted by gerald teach-ford-america @ 6:14 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, may 08, 2006



	 simply powerful
    






posted by marc @ 5:48 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, april 26, 2006



	 this deserves to be on the record
    


subject:     re: purple party?date:     wed, 26 apr 2006 13:36:55 -0400from:     gerald teach-ford-americato:     harry s truman fellowbloomberg is the best.-gtfaon 4/26/06, harry s truman fellow wrote:> http://newyorkmetro.com/news/politics/16713/index.html



posted by marc @ 1:45 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, april 06, 2006



	 breaking apr news: i'm a goddamn free man, bitches!
    






posted by james polkuote @ 7:40 pm  
      
         1 comments









	 you're a soldier (never was a thug, just infatuated with guns)
    


it's hard not to tease harry and his choices of posts after i've privately and publicly berated him to write, considering that's the exact sort of passive-aggressive, hot-and-cold behavior that has cost me more than one girlfriend. but, c'mon, you got to like a guy who doesn't write unless he's hitting us up for money. trés college-student, no?in any case, a post is a post is a post, so i'll -- happily -- respond. harry is right in saying that his support for the president's "freedom agenda" has caused him to be the recipient of some mockery. however, the rationale is not quite what he suggests. only speaking for myself, i again posit to harry that i defy him to produce one intelligent american who doesn't support "the ultimate goal of ending tyranny." is there really a rash of pro-tyrant voters in the electorate we need to battle? no, clearly, my hestitation to embrace bush's agenda in this particular case has all to do with his actions not matching the rhetoric and, yes, the utterly flawed methodology -- both caveats harry admits to sharing in his post. so what are we talkin' 'bout here?the real news in the post below, instead, is harry's apparent (and rather secretive) intermittent desire to join the military. it's hard to write through this affixed wry smile, but i'll try. first, i'd ask if harry is aware that a popped-collar is not exactly full dress uniform in the marine code. this is a man who irons a shirt every day -- certainly common practice working on capitol hill, but might be a tough transition to the trenches, is all i'm saying. i'm just guessing that this man is going to have a rocky path in morphing into this one. also, a large aspect of the mirth is the subtle reminder i'm apparently going to have to give ol' harry. chief: you don't live with your mother anymore. she's a continent away, as is whatever baseball bat still resides at your parents' house. if fear of filial injury is the sole criterion by which you're avoiding a few years in fallujah, i dare say you're in the clear.also, i think you're selling yourself short. not everyone can join the military to work toward global freedom. you -- along with the rest of us -- have to use the skills and passions we possess to make a better tomorrow. gunplay ain't your thing, amigo-- your place is at oxford or lse (not a hypothetical, by the way) using your pretty blonde head to come up with the ideas that will set the stage for the sort of military/geo-political changes you've called for in your academic life. voltaire once said, "no problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking." you don't need to work to get a man elected, or pick up a gun or even raise cash. it's in academia that you're going to begin to make a difference -- even if your mother could swing a 3,000 mile-long baseball bat.p.s. i have to ask: you request the parents of "henry and gerald" to donate money to your organizations that i have no doubt do a lot of good (along with the more, ah, amusing donations). i'd make sure i do so (they'll get right on it, i'm sure) but you seem to have substituted the name "henry" for mine. odd.  did you intend to refer to my brother, calvin still-in-schoolidge, to avoid me asking our parents for the cash? alright, fair enough -- cal, this one's on you.



posted by james polkuote @ 2:47 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 a penny for schools in afghanistan, a nickel for democracy in iraq
    


over the past 4.5 years, my colleagues have criticized my support of the president's freedom agenda (look for a post justifying this in a few days, no seriously).  and while the president's actions sometimes don't match his rhetoric and sometimes he is just plain wrong about how to best achieve "the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world," that doesn't make the objective any less worthwhile.for the past four years, but especially since entering the workforce, i have been struggling to find a way to best contribute to american national security policy.  i worked for the joe lieberman campaign in hopes that a democrat truly dedicated to the promotion of democracy, yet smarter than the bush administration in terms of how to do it, would correct the administration's failures.  i supported john kerry, in hopes that he would hire smart democrats truly dedicated to the promotion of democracy to run his foreign policy.  after graduating i took a job with a organization dedicated to getting democrats elected to national office (after all we know how to promote democracy better than do most republicans).but i'm a democrat and we're in the minority and both my candidates lost and so my work, at least in the short run, is all pretty useless.  i want to be on the front lines making things happen.  for a few months my plan was to get a job with state or usaid in iraq.  but if i told my mom that plan, she would lock me in the house until the war was over.  every once in a while i toy with the idea of joining the military - especially after talking to marines and soldiers who were deployed to iraq and afghanistan.   but if i told my mom that plan, she would lock me in the house and take out my knees with a baseball bat so i could never pass the physical.so what's a guy like me supposed to do to make a difference?  i haven't answered that question yet (when i do i'll post about it), but in the mean time i came across these organizations that are raising money to do the real democracy promoting stuff in iraq and afghanistan that the bush administration apparently refuses to do.henry and gerald's parents (if there are other readers, email me and i'll add you to this personalized call to action): go give money to these folks.  they're making a difference in the world and, in the long term, keeping you and your children safe.spirit of americarebuilding afghanistan foundation



posted by marc @ 12:27 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, april 03, 2006



	 i'm pretty much like neil armstrong here
    


with my internet homepage set to the new york times, i see it every time i open a new window. in perusing job websites (please oh please i hope my editor isn't reading this) i needed a few windows open. imagine my surprise when, after scanning the headlines for a couple minutes, i opened a new window to see the brand! spanking! new! times website. the techies at 229 west 43rd street must have put up the new code in the few minutes between me opening those two windows (sometime around 9:50 p.s.t., if you're curious). i'm probably one of the first few dozen to have seen the new site. whoo.as for the site itself, i'm resistant to change as a general rule, but the new design seems clean, modular and easier to search. i'm also excited for mytimes, whatever the hell it is -- could be an easy way to collate the news, blogs and the other daily hodgepodge i find enjoyable and illuminating. and now we have a new trivia question for trivial pursuit genius edition, year 2020: who was featured in the photo on the times' new redesign? (answer: former president bill frist, when he was still a senator. haha, just kidding, bill. you suck.)



posted by james polkuote @ 12:53 am  
      
         1 comments












harry s truman fellow is studying political philosophy at oxford

james polkuote reports on politics in southeastern virginia

gerald teach-ford-america works for a national education nonprofit in new york



news we read

the new york times
the washington post
the los angeles times

commentary we read

the new republic
slate magazine
the new yorker
the washington monthly
the american prospect
the weekly standard
the american interest
foreign affairs

blogs we read

wonkette
talking points memo
tnr's the plank
progressive blog digest
democracy arsenal
oxblog
america abroad
the gold standard
american footprints
achenblog
the new donkey
the bull moose
kausfiles
romenesko
the decembrist
poliblog

previous posts

jetblue bill of shame
cause wonkette wouldn't take my tip
hemming and hawing, to what end?
simply powerful
this deserves to be on the record
breaking apr news: i'm a goddamn free man, bitches!
you're a soldier (never was a thug, just infatuate...
a penny for schools in afghanistan, a nickel for d...
i'm pretty much like neil armstrong here
give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses...

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
november 2006
august 2007



















fight the fights that need fighting.






