






brian behrend – experience director. product guy. sports dork.






















































		skip to content	








brian behrend
experience director. product guy. sports dork.








    menu	
home
archives
projects
about









posts





posted on december 31, 2024december 31, 2024trmnl e-ink dashboard 


just pulled the trigger on ordering a trmnl e-ink dashboard after first hearing about it on atp and then again via some chatter on bluesky.
with the kids getting older and ever busier, i’ve been looking for a family calendar solution that would start giving them some visibility and responsibility into all the things we’ve got going on. us parents already use a family shared icloud calendar but i was considering all sorts of solutions from giant dry erase to hugely expensive (but so cool) options like dakboard but i am hoping the $129 terminal (spelling it “trmnl” every time is really annoying) will give us a simpler, better experience.
should ship sometime in january, will update on how i’m liking it once i’ve used it for a bit. also should probably write up some thoughts on my growing e-ink device obsession/collection.




posted on november 16, 2024november 23, 2024so i’m on bluesky now i guess… 

left twitter & moved to mastodon a couple years ago, but set up @bhrnd.fun on bluesky since everyone else was doing it and so far so good. i’m finding that after a few days on bluesky that i am liking it much better than threads, namely because it seems to stay on the following tab and i never see an algorithm unless it’s on purpose.
i’ll likely be posting both there and hanging with my nerd homies on mastodon, but if you really want to keep up with what i am up to, bhrnd.fun is where i share any microblog-adjacent thoughts including what i’m reading or watching or playing.




posted on november 13, 2024november 23, 2024what chatgpt thinks of me… 

me: based on what you know about me, draw an image of what you think my life looks like.
chatgpt: 
pretty good job at the car and dogs and the kids. wife nowhere to be found. some sort of bonus three-legged kid out next to the car.




posted on november 4, 2024november 17, 2024practical visual collaboration in 10 minutes 

practical visual collaboration in 10 minutes from stephen anderson is a great quick read with some tips for leading successful workshops.




posted on october 29, 2024november 17, 2024measuring roi for generative ai 

been spending a good bit of time at work discussing measuring the value of various ai projects and in particular some genai stuff. i found gartner’s measuring roi for generative ai helped me wrap my head around a few things in particular about first categorizing as a quick win, differentiating, or transformational use case.




posted on october 21, 2024october 26, 2024apple researchers: llms don’t do formal reasoning 

big new article from several ai researchers at apple that’s been making the rounds that concludes that large language models (llms) don’t do formal reasoning and can be easily distracted by minor irrelevant information. pretty dense 20+ page paper but gary marcus has an excellent but still in-depth summary on his site.
marcus’ key takeaway from apple’s ai research:
“we found no evidence of formal reasoning in language models… their behavior is better explained by sophisticated pattern matching—so fragile, in fact, that changing names can alter results by ~10%!”
based on both his expertise and apple’s findings, marcus makes a definitive statement about llm’s reasoning capabilities:
there is just no way can you build reliable agents on this foundation, where changing a word or two in irrelevant ways or adding a few bit of irrelevant info can give you a different answer.
these findings align with my experience. while getting high-quality, accurate responses from llms is possible, it often requires careful prompting and iteration. llms are excellent tools that i use every day and am actively helping build ai products at the day job, but like most tools they have their limitations. what’s particularly noteworthy to me is that these same limitations were documented back in 2019, and while llms have made remarkable progress in many areas, their fundamental reasoning capabilities haven’t improved at nearly the same pace.
so what does all this mean? does it mean ai tools are dead? not at all. i am a big proponent of human-in-the-loop ai solutions that leverage the strengths of ai and iteratively improve with human review and intervention. with human oversight, model monitoring, and great ai product designers (of course), we can build powerful ai tools that help us do the work we all need to get done everyday even if those tools can’t do formal reasoning.




posted on september 20, 2024october 26, 2024the disciplines companies need to get the most out of gen ai (cough, design, cough) 

want to not just throw money away investing in gen ai? hbr article on the 6 disciplines companies need to get the most out of gen ai says your company should focus on behavioral change, controlled experimentation, measurement of business value, data management, human capital development, and systems thinking.
know what most of those sound like to me? design. in other words, your company should invest in design.




posted on august 19, 2024october 26, 2024read: just enough research 

i bought just enough research by erika hall in at least 2016 and i finally made time to read this great a book apart book. great, quick read (that should not take you 8 years to read) that covers a wide breadth of user research topics with “just enough” depth to make it an informative but easy read.




posted on june 30, 2024july 1, 2024thoughts on how to speak machine 

picked up john maeda’s how to speak machine: computational thinking for the rest of us and read through it pretty quickly, but i’m not sure it was a worthwhile read for me and i don’t think i’d recommend it for anyone already familiar with modern software design.
maeda spends the majority of the book’s 200 pages explaining the basics and extolling the value of ux research, product design, agile delivery, and iterative development and comparatively little on the actual premise of the book.
both amazon and maeda frame the book as a way for designers to understand “the complex world of ai and machine learning”, but while it hints at ai’s transformative potential these mentions are more speculative than practical. there really isn’t any actionable insights or detailed explorations of how ai can concretely impact design work today. 
 continue reading “thoughts on how to speak machine”




posted on june 19, 2024zelda to star in new the legend of zelda: echoes of wisdom game 

finally, zelda herself will be the main protagonist in a mainline game in the series named after her. (not counting cd-i games.) yesterday, nintendo surprise announced the legend of zelda: echoes of wisdom coming already this september to switch:

looks pretty darn great. like a cross between the link’s awakening remake with some of the open ended puzzle solving ideas from tears of the kingdom. 
while i like that the gameplay isn’t just palette swapped zelda for link hack and slash, i do hope that zelda is actually able to occasionally solve some of her problems by murdering a bunch of moblins with a sword. pretty excited for this one, might be one last great hurrah for the switch before the next console comes out in 2025.



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 20
next page  








			search for:		


  
		search	

categories
apps
design
entertainment
games
humor
internet
personal
random
sports
tech
ux
web development
work




recent posts


trmnl e-ink dashboard


so i’m on bluesky now i guess…


what chatgpt thinks of me…


practical visual collaboration in 10 minutes


measuring roi for generative ai


featured projectrecent posts: bhrnd.funlonghorns kiss aggies goodbye again just like old times
pooooooor aggies!! and it’s good bye to a&m [image or embed] — will baizer (@baizer.bsky.social) november 30, 2024 at 10:18 pm







about me 
brianbehrend.com is my personal site for my thoughts on things going on in the world, on the web, and in my life. you can also find me on on mastodon.


 


mastodon  
linkedin  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	





 

 





















































































































































































































































































