 

 

homepage - camera bits, inc. camera bits, inc.




















































































 















camera bits, inc.





photo mechanic


tour photo mechanic


photo mechanic plus


what’s new in photo mechanic


get photo mechanic




try for free


support


help center


photo mechanic downloads


contact us


user forums




our story


about us


meet the camera bits ambassadors


blog


careers


our registered trademarks




my account


store













what's new in photo mechanic®

									read news
								






photo mechanic® speeds up your workflow

									get it now
								






pros around the world trust photo mechanic®

									get it now
								






what is photo mechanic?
use photo mechanic® to view, organize, manage, and export digital photos


the minute you put down the camera, your post-processing workflow begins. the most productive photographers in the world use photo mechanic’s powerful features to make managing photos faster and easier. quickly ingest photos from your memory cards and pick your winners without having to wait.


use tools originally created for photographers under the world’s most extreme deadlines to add information such as captions, keywords, and copyright to your images as fast as possible. finally, deliver those images to the world with powerful export features. photo mechanic speeds up your workflow, and you take all the credit.




benefits of photo mechanic:





fast viewing / culling
go from your memory card to working on your best images faster than ever before. ingest, cull, rate, and organize for a quicker, more efficient workflow.






work how you want
let's work together. photo mechanic is built to play nice with your other post-processing and creative tools so that you're in control.






captions, keywords, and copyright
a picture is worth a thousand words, but only the embedded metadata counts. get your images tagged faster with crucial info like credit and copyright to protect your business. 



take a tour

				get it now
			


see what professionals are saying about photo mechanic






jeff vogan

photo mechanic has changed my business and allowed me to take on assignments that have opened many doors for me. thanks to the power of code replacements in photo mechanic, my processes are automated so that what used to take me days or weeks following a large event is now completely automated.  photo mechanic is an indispensable part of my toolset.
jeff vogan (jeffvoganphotography.com) is a commercial sports and portrait photographer based in toronto. his clients include world-class organizations and brands such as golf canada, swimming canada, diving plongeon canada, skate canada, soccer canada, lacrosse canada, nfl, fox sports, and under armour.



									get it now
								







daniella zalcman

a kind older colleague introduced me to photo mechanic back when i was a teenager trying to break in to the world of news photography in new york — he told me that if i could streamline my workflow and file my assignments quickly, i'd always be in demand as a breaking news photojournalist. my workflow has evolved dramatically in the 15 years since, and i no longer photograph breaking news, but photo mechanic has remained an irreplaceable part of my process.
daniella zalcman is a vietnamese-american documentary photographer based between paris and new york. she is a multiple grantee of the pulitzer center on crisis reporting, a fellow with the international women's media foundation, a national geographic society grantee, and the founder of women photograph, a non-profit working to elevate the voices of women and non-binary visual journalists.

daniella zalcman (dan.iella.net)

									get it now
								







kenny kim

photo mechanic is an essential software for all photographers, period. i never edit, categorize or handle any images until they have gone through photo mechanic ingest process. from inserting iptc information to organizing thousands of images, it does it all and it does them fast. let this be the first software you ever purchase in your photography career.

kenny kim, wedding and portrait professional (kennykim.com)                                         

									get it now
								







mark condon

as editor of a popular photography website that receives hundreds of submissions from professional photographers from around the world, i get a unique insight to the equipment and software in current use in the industry. one name that keeps popping up is photo mechanic, usually accompanied by the words 'indispensable' or 'game-changing'. i neglected to use photo mechanic for my wedding photography work for too long, thinking that a lightroom smart preview workflow was adequately fast... but now i'm a convert too. speed-wise, it's just night and day.
mark condon is a british-japanese wedding photographer at gold hat photography based in northern nsw, australia. he is the founder of shotkit, a website for learning about photography and the latest equipment. 

mark condon (shotkit)

									get it now
								







bob & dawn davis

photo mechanic is open on my desktop every single day that i’m working. it’s my “go to” program that i use all the time. it’s fast and simple, and absolutely brilliant for culling, applying caption information, and downloading to two different locations at once. the ingesting is fast as it downloads multiple cards at once. i love that i can adjust the size, resolution, rename the image, place a watermark on the image, etc., all while emailing, moving, copying, and/or saving images. it’s crazy cool and a program that i can’t live without!

bob and dawn davis, superstar wedding storytellers and educators (bobanddawndavis.com)

									get it now
								





now you're ready to get photo mechanic

				get it now
			






subscribe to our newsletter


click here to subscribe to our email newsletter
  

















social media

facebook
twitter
google+
instagram
youtube
 




photo mechanic


our story


blog


contact us




terms of use


privacy policy & cookie notice


eula


refund policy




© 2024 camera bits inc.  




back to top












this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this site, we assume your permission to
deploy cookies, as detailed in our privacy policy and cookie notice



ok

 





























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save these preferences for cookie settings on camerabits.com.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 













