


sometimes you just have to stay silent








just listen to me!




frames for the face
when i was young, i had fake glasses that i would wear all the time because i wanted to pretend i needed glasses.  (i also wore aluminum foil on my teeth to pretend i had braces...it used to be cool to need those things.) as the years have gone on, i have actually been very happy that i have not had to have glasses but eventually, at some point, we all are going to have to get them for one reason or another.
many people opt for contacts but i have to tell you, that's not going to work for me.  i don't even like putting eye drops in my eyes when they are red from lack of sleep.  i do not like putting a thing in my eyes.  even when i do go and get my eyes checked out and the doc does that puff of air in my eye, i question him on his "credentials".  (really, i do.  i ask him, "i understand you graduated but where in your class did you graduate?  were you near the top?") that is how much i hate things touching my eyes or anywhere near them.
so when the time comes, i'm getting glasses.  besides, glasses can be a fashion statement just like your clothes.  you don't have to get boring glasses, you can get some that send a message about your personality or character. 
of course, no one wants to have to spend a fortune on glasses because they break, are lost, get scratched, etc.  and these days, people are looking for deals where ever they can find them.  so, i'm here to share that if you are in the market for a good pair of eyeglasses, you can find some cheap eyeglasses at zenni optical.
now, let me tell you, the first thing i noticed about this site is that they have a place where you can upload a photo of yourself and then compare frame shapes and sizes to your face so that you will know what kind of glasses look the best on you.  when you shop online, you pretty much take a risk that the clothes or shoes or whatever will fit and look good.  at zenni optical, they took that risk away.  it's a great feature and reminds me of a "make over" cd i had a long time ago. 
navigating the https://www.chaturbaterooms.com pages is extraordinarily easy.  you start off by narrowing the field down between friends, men or women.  (you can even pick unisex if you don't like the typical type for your gender.)
you pick your price range, prescription type, shape, (after you have uploaded your photo and played around a little), and then type.  you can also narrow the field down by color. 
i would totally wear these types.  i would look awesome and i would save tons of money.  they're under $20! 
i can see you, laughing at me wearing snow man glasses but you have not seen me in them, one, and two, you might want to close the pie hole because with the money i just saved, i could buy you a better gift for christmas than the one i was planning on getting you.  you wanted a cool travel mug or a nice warm chamois shirt?  alright then.  unless you want me to buy you a holiday themed sweater with a horrid looking, crooked christmas tree on it, i suggest you start oohing and aahing when you see me sporting my snowman glasses, mmmkay?!
course, some of you are like me and think holiday themes are cool as all and would like to get some for yourselves.  ok, then click that link above and get over there.  start searching.  they have themes for all kinds of occasions, not just christmas.  how about you go take a look and come back here and tell me which ones you would get.
then we can all look stylish and smart together. 
one more
i can't believe it.  i truly cannot believe it.
one more day.  just have to go tomorrow morning, race home, throw food at the pets and the hoodlums outside, get changed, go to the next one, work until evening, race to the third one, work there for a little bit and then, finally, at long last, after 28 days, i will have....
a day off!
in fact, i worked it so that i am getting four days off.
in!
a!
row!
i have no idea what i'm even going to do with myself.  it will feel like a lifetime.  in the extremely limited time i have had, i have done all my major chores like going to the dump, the store, etc.  all i will have to do in those four days is clean up the cat box and dishes but other than that?  i don't have to do a damn. thing.
the first day?  i intend on staying in bed in my pajamas the entire day.  in fact, i'm going to bring my laptop up to my room so that i don't have to get out of bed at all.  the second day?  i might do more of the same!  if it's not horrible outside, i'm going to give the hoodlums a good bit of time out there since they have been so neglected in the "running around outside like morons for a good hour everyday" bit.  they've been really good about it and i want to reward them handsomely. 
the third day, if it's not snowing or the roads are not covered in ice like they were today, i have plans and will discuss them later but that depends on weather.
and then!?
i still have another whole day left!
i'm beside myself with joy.
ok, on to the next paid bit. 
keep it in your wallet
does anyone else do this?
you go to the store to get food or whatever it is that you need and look for the best prices that you can.  even then, you still calculate, at the end, just how many hours you had to work to pay for those groceries or other items.
"dang, that was 5 hours of work for that!"
many of us work hard.  about the last thing we want to do is part with what we earned from that hard work.  but, there are things in life one must get and sometimes, it would be nice to get something fun or "just because", as well.  what's the point in all that hard work if you never get to treat yourself to even something small?
the best way to treat yourself and not feel guilty about it later, is to save up the money you didn't spend when you paid the bill.  and the best way to save is to find the deals.  and a great way to find deals is to visit  .  you can find all kinds of deals.
for example, this year is the first year in ages that it actually feels like christmas.  the weather outside is cold and icy, (hopefully snow soon), smoke wafts from chimneys keeping the occupants warm and spreading a smell of comfort through the air, festive decorations have been put up by the town and some of its residents at their homes so i thought, "this year, because it feels like christmas, i want to get a tree and get presents for the pets."
one of the best places to shop for pet supplies is at doctors foster and smith.  i love that online store and i have shopped there a number of times.  if i go to   first, i can get up to 50% off of some of the cool stuff available simply by activating a coupon.  fifty percent off!  i can buy the pets toys and collars and meds if they need them and save the money i have worked hard for this past couple of months.
with the money i saved by activating the jasminlive coupon, i can buy warmer clothes at either jcpenney, or kmart or the store that sucks me in every time, target.  (you must pronounce it "tar jay", (soft j).) yah i got some warm clothes preparing for this winter season but the other day it was 9 degrees.  nine.  degrees.  and the wind was blowing.  it was a little painful.  so if i'm going to be out there being all festive this holiday season, i'm going to need warmer clothes and not freeze to death trying to spread holiday cheer.
the best thing is that i can go through   and yet again! i can save more money while i shop at target looking for the warmest coat they have.
take a look around.  they have deals not just on clothing and pets, you can find deals on grocery store items, home and garden, electronics, books, cell phones, etc.  you can also use the "local" feature by putting in the search bar what you are looking for and then your zip code.
sweet, eh?
so this year, the pets get christmas and i get to stay warm because   wants me to keep more of my money and anyone who helps me do that is a-ok in my book. 
where is the proof?
i would like someone to show me the proof that iran has or will have, "in the next couple of months", a nuclear weapon.
i don't want a news article with quotes that say, "maybe", i want someone to show me definitive proof.
i am disgusted with what i'm hearing from my fellow republicans and the lame stream media saying we should just stomp on over and "take care" of iran. 
on what grounds?
what grounds?
they might have one in the near future?  where is the proof?
also, let's play that game, let's say we all believe, without proof, that they have one.
ok.  and?  what about it? 
other countries have them...do we go and attack all the other countries who have them? 
we have them.  so we can have them but no one else can?
did iran make a threat to us?  if so, show me where that is.  show me the evidence.
what, israel might be in trouble?  are you serious?  israel?!  do you know how many weapons israel has?  please, if iran threatened israel, by the time we got our troops assembled, israel would level them.
so, again, show me proof that:
a) iran has or will have, "in the next couple of months" a nuclear weapon and that they aren't just working on nuclear energy
b) show me where iran has threatened us with that nuclear weapon
c) show me proof that we cannot possibly defend ourselves against that threat after it is made
d) show me proof that israel can not take care of itself should it be threatened
please, explain to me how, exactly, "taking care of" iran for a "maybe" is going to bring about peace?
and while we're at it, please show me, exactly, how meddling in to russia's affairs is going to be a good thing for us?
and, please show me proof that if china gets involved, we won't   ourselves royally?
this is all b.s. and fear mongering and people are eating it up. 
and also, please show me how us, the u.s. getting involved in "nation building" (what a farce), over the last 60 years has benefited us?  please show me how this has worked? 
the argument is, we have to go there and be preemptive.  ok...so for 60 years we have been preemptive. 
and yet we still got attacked on september 11th!
so how the hell did that work out for us?!
here is what happens when you meddle in other countries for political reasons...learn your history:
seriously, watch the entire thing.  i dare you.  don't be afraid of the truth. 
the deadline approaches
tis the season for stress!  it's getting near christmas and many still haven't completed their shopping and some out there have realized that their lists are getting longer every year.  on the positive, that's great, it means more people in your life who care.  on the negative, gads!  that's a lot of money!  tight on money, tight on time....it can become overwhelming.
unless, you heed my words here and start shopping smart and stop stressing.  first of all, you have at least another week to get a handle on things so relax, have a cup of hot cocoa, add the marshmallows if it will help, sit back, and clear your head.
is your head cleared?
no?
go get another mug of hot chocolate.
ok, now is your head cleared?  ready to listen?  good.  you do not have to worry.  no need to panic.  the answers are here.
the very first thing you need to do is head on over to bestonlinecoupons.  you can find coupons for all kinds of places such as dell, (awesome), target, best buy, tire rack, or even for adult sites like www.jasminelive.online.  ok?  they have coupons for jewelry, electronics, toys and games, cameras, etc.  they have coupons for interesting gifts such as event tickets, gifts for your pets, movies, music, flowers, cell phones, shoes, and even eco-friendly items.  you are bound to find something for everyone on your list.
alright, you're starting to chill out, you're thinking you just might have this but i see the anxiety rising again...."but...how will i get it in time!?!?!"
did i not say to heed my words?  listen.  on the same site, they will tell you not only which stores have what deadlines but also still help you out in the coupon department.  interested in gifting something from apple?  no worries!  check out the shipping deadlines for christmas 2011 page and you will see that for some apple products, you have between december 20 and december 22 to get your order in.  that is a week away.  you have time!  in addition, you can save up to $100 on a new mac and printer!  it's insane the savings!
"gasp!  i forgot to get something for my brother's new step daughter!  oh noes!"
again...relax.  scroll down the page, see there where it says toys r us?  yes, you can still find toys to buy and ship off up to december 22.  not only that, if you use the coupons available to you through the site, you can get up to 50% off or you may find some items are "buy one get one free" and you can get free standard shipping.
disney, (up to 40% off of your fave disney items!), fashion bug, friends phat, cabelas, (for the sportsmen...$440 off humminbird 798 ci si side-imaging sonar/50-channel internal gps receiver combo now: $759.99....seriously?  do you have any idea how happy you will make someone with this gift and you saved over $400!!!!!  (but hurry, you only have a couple of days left for that deal)), godiva, (free shipping on $60+ and up to $75 off on some items), golf galaxy, (99 cent shipping, up to $75 off on some items)...the list seems endless.  there are gifts for men, women and friends all with coupons, all with deadlines a week or so away, all ready for you to calm down, think clearly and start ordering. 
it's going to be ok.  we move fast in this country, remember?  this isn't how it used to be when you had to have everything done a month in advance, in some places, you can shop up to three days in advance and still have it arrive in time.  all you have to do is click your mouse a few times, use best buy coupons, and you will have a handle on this year's christmas shopping.  this site makes it easy, you don't need to sweat it.  make everyone believe you have it together and are well organized. 
it's the website that is well organized, you just have to click and have it shipped.  what on earth could possibly be any easier? 
now, because i told you about this and because bestbuycoupons.com put together such a fantastic site, you owe the both of us a nice plate of chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk.  you are welcome.  
so anyway, the fish
yes...more filler.  i am sure you are all hanging on the edge of your seats, in eager anticipation, waiting for my next update about my boring life.  i guess if you put it all in one neat package and tie a pretty bow on top, it's actually not that boring but aside from the highlights - moving to miami, driving air boats, seeing and holding gators, having gator friends thinkin' i'm their mama, feeding gators by hand, (well, my hand holding the stick that speared the meat that goes in to the friends gators' mouths, that is), the tour buses plowing in to my car, the cruises, moving to maine, experiencing the hoodlums experiencing their first snow, the past injuries, the interesting posts i used to write about strange women yanking roses off my brother's rose bushes and leaving without a word while i stood right there, the experiments, the endless work hours and days, the drama of it all....sure, it seems so damn interesting but really?  i think i have a pretty boring life.
and to be honest, i think it's because of those highlights that most days, i just do. not. have the energy to go out and do more interesting things.  it seems most of the "interesting" things happen to me by complete accident and against my will. 
most days i just want to chill out, do boring things and sometimes, the highlight of my day is sitting back and watching the fish swim around in their little fishy world.  it really is calming....once things are back in balance after a move and fish stop dying on your watch.
the dogs are high strung and don't bring me peace.  sure, they make me laugh.  sure they are fun.  sure, they are cute.  but peace?  ha!  forget it.
the cats are relatively peaceful until they get all uppity with each other and start hissing contests and swiping at each other or hacking up hair balls or climbing my fricken black out curtains leaving little claw holes all over them making them not black out curtains any more....growl!
i throw food out to the squirrels and birds outside, (holy crap i'm getting old...that's what old people do), and watch them scamper about but it's not necessarily peaceful because i have dogs in the house, behind me, whining behind the closed door because they want to eat the squirrels, please, open the door, let us out so we can chase and eat the squirrels.
no...the only ones who are peaceful and calming to watch are the fish.  so, i hope this substrate change over works.  i've been studying how to do it with minimal damage and i think things are going to look much better, stay cleaner longer, (and easier), when i get the corys they will be in heaven and the plants will hopefully thrive beyond belief in the sand.  if only i could get a job working from home where i could sit next to the tank and work, and not have to commute, it would be just about perfect.  if i made enough, i'd send the hoodlums off to "doggy daycare" to get out of my face for a few hours so i can just relax.  don't take that wrong, yah i dig 'em but there was a reason i did not intentionally seek dogs...i'm not sorry i have them, i'm just fricken tired. 



archives

with a name like this...
yes, i'm alive
everything i need to know about my pets
filling up space
ok, on to the money makers

search









© flippyscatpage.com



