





home - north idaho college






 
 























skip to content



request accessible format
the accessibility of nic.edu is extremely important to us!  if you encounter any barriers and need assistance, please contact accessibility@nic.edu.








north idaho college



menu






search



get started



search



submit





north idaho college



education & trainingadmissions & aidstudent lifeathleticscommunity



request infoget startedvisit uscontact



                  info for
              


studentsmynicalumnigive


            events and news
                  





                    resources
                  

calendar and events
community news




calendar and events


registrar


events


 academic calendar


community news


next board meeting


7/3/2024 nic announces dean’s list for spring semester


newsroom














play



pause











              your journey starts


get started



accreditation key points: nic is going through an evolving process with our accrediting body, the northwest commission on colleges and universities. find the accurate and up-to-date information here. last updated thursday, oct. 31, 2024 2:30 p.m.



campus insights










multiple start dates
late start classes for springsemester are available to register.next session starts march 17.













nic launch
high school seniors, get up to80% of your tuition and feescovered, up to $8,000 to pursue...













surgical tech ranked #1
college factual names nic the top-ranked surgicaltechnology program in idaho...












north idaho college
where education meets opportunity.











the right choice
at north idaho college, you'll get an affordable, practical education with quality learning in smaller class sizes and transfer-friendly credits. you'll gain skills that lead to better job opportunities, help you earn more or launch a new career path.
apply now




by the numbers



%
higher earning potential
education & training


$
per year
financial aid


:1
student-to-teacher ratio
student life












learn your way
discover classes that match your life. choose from in-person, online, hybrid and evening classes. along with a choice of multiple start dates to earn your associate degree or certificate. as a high school junior or senior you can earn dual credits. 
education & training

flexible classes
multiple start dates
online learning
fully online programs












affordable learning
quality education doesn't have to come with a large price tag. at nic, your dollar goes much further. tuition costs about half of what it does at a four-year public college.
financial aid

nic launch











student life
you will connect with college personnel, resources, and peers to build a campus community and support system.
student life

student involvement
campus life
campus recreation
student support
student services












home of the cardinals
with athletic and academic all-americans in nine programs, student-athletes at nic embody a winning spirit both in the classroom and on the court, mat and field. sports include men's and women's basketball, soccer,  golf, wrestling, softball and volleyball - all part of the national junior college athletic association.
nic athletics



nic student testimonials



"makayla a photography student"




"abbey a psychology and music major with a goal to transfer"




"kaylee a dual credit student"













            our academic programs offer more than 150 degrees and certificates in a wide spectrum of academic, transfer and professional-technical programs. 
          



            the nic dual credit program offers high school students the opportunity to begin working on their college degrees while still in high school. 
          



            the nic workforce training center offers learning opportunities that increase the economic self-sufficiency, business productivity and quality of life of both individual students and the community. 
          



            nic’s adult education center can help you prepare for the ged® exam, get into college or improve your skills to get a better job. 
          



            our cte programs include six-month, one-year and two-year certificate and two-year associate degree options. each program prepares individuals for employment in a wide variety of high-demand careers. 
          



            nic’s customized training department will work with your business or organization to create adaptable, affordable learning solutions.
          




            education & training highlights
          






academic programs
dual credit

            workforce training center
          

            adult education center
          

            career & technical education
          

            customized training
          



 




take the next step
excellent programs and a supportive community, all within your reach. there's no better time or place to take the next step in your education.
















your browser does not support the video tag.
 









north idaho college





1000 w. garden ave.coeur d'alene, id 83814 usa(208) 769-3300
hoursmon.-thurs. 7:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.fri. 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.
maps & directions



about the college
board of trustees
leadership
employees
offices and departments

 



directory
security
employment
financial aid
tuition and fees
cost of attendance






twitter




facebook



instagram



youtube



linkedin




© 2023 north idaho college



 accessibilitysitemapprivacycollege policiesanti-harassment policy













