















home | faculty of history














































pause animated content


skip to main content















 






 students
  

 history faculty library
  

 staff intranet
  

 contact us
  










 bluesky
  

 facebook
  

 instagram
  

 twitter
  

 youtube
  




















          faculty of history
        


    university of oxford
        












search form

search

















home




people 



academics




researchers




administrative staff




doctoral students




emeritus & associate members




faculty office holders




academic visitors





undergraduate admissions 



history courses




making an application




the history admissions test (hat)




written work




interviews




admissions facts and figures




open days




astrophoria foundation year




careers




history@oxford blog





graduate admissions 



applying for graduate study




after your application




funding




language learning




masters study




dphil study




the oxford history graduate network




uniq+ research internships





research 



research projects




research seminars




research centres




recent publications





alumni 



the oxford historian




donate now




fundraising priorities




history after oxford





outreach 



meet the outreach team!




for teachers and advisors




for students




armed forces families





equality & welfare 



welfare advice




harassment and complaints




disability equality statement




gender equality statement




lgbtq+ equality statement




race equality statement




athena swan bronze award





community history



























home






















move to carousel movement controls










queer beyond london: lgbtq+ lives since the 1960s | professor matt cook







                        listen now!
                      





queer beyond london: lgbtq+ lives since the 1960s | professor matt cook


queer beyond london: lgbtq+ lives since the 1960s | professor matt cook




                                recorded on 4 february 2025
                            













oliver smithies lecture: the sudanese giraffe who went to france: the life and afterlife of zarafa, 1824-2024









oliver smithies lecture: the sudanese giraffe who went to france: the life and afterlife of zarafa, 1824-2024


oliver smithies lecture: the sudanese giraffe who went to france: the life and afterlife of zarafa, 1824-2024




                                prof. heather sharkey, oliver smithies visiting fellow, 2024-2025, balliol college and professor of modern middle...
                            

                                    prof. heather sharkey, oliver smithies visiting fellow, 2024-2025, balliol college and professor of modern middle eastern and northern african history, university of pennsylvania.
                                

                                    prof. heather sharkey, oliver smithies visiting fellow, 2024-2025, balliol college and professor of modern middle eastern and northern african history, university of pennsylvania.
                                

                                prof. heather sharkey, oliver smithies visiting fellow, 2024-2025, balliol college and professor of modern middle eastern and northern african history, university of pennsylvania.
                            



thursday 27 february, 5.15pm. drinks reception in the buttery from 6.15pm.


gillis lecture theatre, balliol college.












koch junior fellowship in history









koch junior fellowship in history


koch junior fellowship in history


the deadline for applications is 12 noon (uk time) on wednesday 26th february 2025












the koch history centre (khc): a new historical research centre at oxford









the koch history centre (khc): a new historical research centre at oxford


the koch history centre (khc): a new historical research centre at oxford


4 february 2025












richard reid - the african revolution: a history of the long nineteenth century (princeton university press, 2025)









richard reid - the african revolution: a history of the long nineteenth century (princeton university press, 2025)


richard reid - the african revolution: a history of the long nineteenth century (princeton university press, 2025)


28 january 2025












new series on 'care' as a scholarly category









new series on 'care' as a scholarly category


new series on 'care' as a scholarly category


27 january 2025












the james ford lectures in british history









the james ford lectures in british history


the james ford lectures in british history




                                french in medieval britain: cultural politics and social history, c. 1100-c. 1500 - professor jocelyn wogan-browne...
                            

                                    french in medieval britain: cultural politics and social history, c. 1100-c. 1500 - professor jocelyn wogan-browne (fordham university)
                                

                                    french in medieval britain: cultural politics and social history, c. 1100-c. 1500 - professor jocelyn wogan-browne (fordham university)
                                

                                french in medieval britain: cultural politics and social history, c. 1100-c. 1500 - professor jocelyn wogan-browne (fordham university)
                            



                                thursdays, weeks 1-6 hilary term, 5pm | examination schools
                            













the carlyle lectures









the carlyle lectures


the carlyle lectures




                                for the way things are: in search of a defensible conservatism - prof eric nelson (robert m. beren professor of...
                            

                                    for the way things are: in search of a defensible conservatism - prof eric nelson (robert m. beren professor of government, harvard university)
                                

                                    for the way things are: in search of a defensible conservatism - prof eric nelson (robert m. beren professor of government, harvard university)
                                

                                for the way things are: in search of a defensible conservatism - prof eric nelson (robert m. beren professor of government, harvard university)
                            



                                tuesdays of weeks 3-8 hilary term, 5pm 
                            














            pause slideshow          

move to carousel content



















news see all



















 













































































events 
























































































information for:
prospective undergraduate students
prospective graduate students
current oxford students
current oxford staff
























quick links
map
giving to oxford
colleges
fees and funding
open days
vacancies
























copyright
picture credits
accessibility statement
privacy statement


















 













copyright 2025 - faculty of history, george street, oxford, ox1 2rl
(comms@history.ox.ac.uk or +44 (0)1865 615000)










 
 













 








 








 








 



















powered by
oxford mosaic








list of site pages


