











welcome to bailey nurseries | growing what's next









































 













bailey-logo








facebook



instagram



arrow-right-lrg



play




arrow-dropdown



arrow-steps-right



arrow-steps-down



outbound-link



linkedin











bailey nurseries
 



toggle navigation


innovations
programs

bareroot
jumpstarts®
finished plants
rootstocks


brands

endless summer®
first editions®
easy elegance®
new varieties


resources
blog
shop
my account
 








growing what’s next®
 from plant breeding to state-of-the-art marketing, we’re all about growing.
and we invite you to grow along with us.
learn more




scroll



















at bailey, we believe in the power of partnership. 

















growers. looking for a production edge? get all the information you need and more right here. 
digital catalog












introducing pop star®from the world’s best-selling garden hydrangea.learn moreshop now 










introducing flowerfull® smooth hydrangeathis innovative hydrangea solves the frustrations of weak steams and foliar diseases, providing better genetics from the greenhouse to the garden.learn moreshop now 










sunrise sunseta stunning rose blend, with bright fuchsia-pink petals blending to apricot near the centers.learn moreshop now 








how bailey can help you growwe know production success begins with the proper liner. so no matter how you grow or what your schedule is, our bareroot, jumpstarts® and finished plant offerings will ensure you get the best from bailey. 


barerootlearn moreshop now 

 




jumpstarts®learn moreshop now 

 




finished plantslearn moreshop now 

 

 




customized solutions to help grow your business 
 


growersdependable genetics, trusted programs.from bareroot products to jumpstarts® potted liners to our plant partnership programs, bailey is equipped to meet all your demands, in what has become an increasingly demanding business. 







garden centersthe plant brands customers ask for by name.endless summer® hydrangeas. first editions® plants and shrubs. easy elegance® roses. we offer an array of one-of-a-kind, branded plants that present themselves as beautifully at retail as they do your customers’ yards. 







landscapersunique, reliable plants you can set and forget.as a landscaper, you’re only as good as your last project. you need plants that are unique, reliable and readily available from trusted suppliers in your area. and that’s what you get with bailey. 




 




premium brands, exceptional plants 















endless summer®learn more 
















first editions®learn more 
















easy elegance®learn more 









about
contact
careers
breeders
media room
events
find a retailer
connect
 


© 2025 bailey nurseries inc. all rights reserved. 

facebookinstagramlinkedin 



















