mv agusta u.k. main dealer.bennetts motorcycles - 01226 284293skip to main contentmenuaboutthe shopthe teamworkshopparts enquiryfinance applicationmv agustamv agusta storeelectricmotorcyclesbenellimgbitaljethanwaymondialkeewaysymvogebike traderebay motorscontactwe craftemotionsmasterpieceof designpower.duration.reliability.machinesthat areone step aheadbennetts motorcycles, barnsleybennetts motorcycles of barnsley are the yorkshire main agents for sym, keeway, hanway, benelli, voge, italjet & fb mondial motorcycles and have long been considered the premier mv agusta dealer in the uk.russell bennett has built a company based around aftercare and technical expertise. so much so, that we have a unique attachment to manufacturers and their technical staff. our skills do not just stop there! being a well-established benelli & mv agusta dealer our knowledge of these fantastic bikes is second to none added to the 30+years of japanese franchised dealership we are capable on working on all brands, models & styles.drop in for a coffee to view our stock or peruse our website at your leisure. either way, you have come to the right place for three of the most iconic italian marques in the uk.benellivisit benellisymvisit symkeewayvisit keewayfb mondialfb mondialhanwayvisit hanwayitaljetvisit italjetbennetts motorcycles barnsleymotorcycle dealer, for mv agusta, benelli, fb mondial, hanway, voge, italjet, keeway and sym. est 1949.click to callparts enquiryfinancewhat others say!bought a benelli cruiser from bennetts after looking around other dealers, best choice, family run business since 1949 & i've always found such family run business put in that extra effort, from enquiring to buy plus using my old bike as a deposit [...]tom booker, leedsrecently bought a new voge 125r from bennetts. absolute top class service. genuinely highly recommend here if you're looking for a new/used bike. [...]paul thornley, sheffieldruss and his staff are very welcoming and certainly know the mv range, recently serviced my f800 rc job well done, thanks [...]alan evans, .excellent dealership. very friendly and knowledgeable staff. i would highly recommend if you are looking for an mv agusta or benelli. different league than other mv dealerships i have dealt with. [...]centeral scrutiniser, .absolutely the best mv dealer and workshop brilliant group of people who know what they are doing and really friendly too [...]phillip reith, .this is a great bike shop to buy a motorcycle of all different models and the staff are clear and knowledgeable and very nice especially the manager ally she is a happy greeter with a smile.i fully endorse this business [...]john el-jeizawi, .i wouldn’t of bought my mv from anyone else. top people [...]mark simpson, .bought both a f4 1000r and a 2018 f4 rc, excellent dealership and excellent aftersales. technical advice given over phone and via video recording showing how to rectify fault. cannot rate these guys enough. and if you think distance is a problem, they delivered [...]roy brown, .i bought an mv from bennetts motorcycles 2 years ago and love it. as for the shop the after sales is 5 star and the service is superb. i may not always have an mv but what ever bike i have they will always be my go to for servicing and maintenance. [...]jb barn, .from start to finish absolutely brilliant! customer care second to none! if you want someone to look after your mv agusta these are the guys! parts available from old mv's to new ones, courier service available, plus an added touch that i thought was brilliant, the [...]robin cross, .brilliant service from alison and the team at bennetts motorcycles, honestly pulled out all the stops to assist me, not being able to ride my bike due to illness, alison arranged for it to be picked up and dropped off after its service and mot, if you need that special [...]theo, .very pleased with the professionalism of the staff at bennetts. i had a bad experience with another company but bennett’s allayed any fears i had and took me through all details step by step. i bought my bike with confidence. thank you. [...]jeff gants, nonetestimonialssearchsitemapcookie policyterms & privacy policybennetts motorcycles ltd58 - 62 sheffield road, barnsley, south yorkshire, s70 1hstel: 01226 284 293email: onlinebennetts motorcycles ltd of barnsley, mv agusta main dealer.solutions by smartdecat ®top