






global hotels












































skip to content



tours around the world





 global hotels


menu
welcome
plan perfect vacation
most scenic places
about
contact










global hotels 

 
how to plan the perfect vacation abroad
november 27, 2019november 27, 2019
 

 

you never quite realise just how tricky it is to plan a vacation abroad until you’re already in too deep. the problem is, vacation planning is just far too exciting, which means half the time, when you’re trying to get the trip of a lifetime sorted, you’re too caught up in a hazy vacation bubble to approach the task with any real focus.
it’s hardly surprising that we end up getting so distracted while we’re vacation planning. dream vacation destinations don’t need to do much to sell themselves, but boy, do the marketing masterminds behind travel and hotel companies promote them well. no wonder we so often find ourselves scrolling through beautiful images of sandy white beaches and sparkling blue resort pools, dreamily imagining lounging on a deckchair with cocktail in hand, instead of looking at the practicalities.
when you’re in the booking stages of a vacation, you might find yourself taking the mindset of, oh, we’re obviously going to have a good time no matter what – we’re on holiday! while this is probably true, it might only be once you arrive at your destination that you realise that as nice as it is, it isn’t quite to your tastes.
the best vacations are the ones that appeal to every aspect of your personality, so much so that it almost feels as if they’re tailored to your very wishes. and they’re by no means impossible to find – in fact, with a simple bit of planning, you’ll have no trouble discovering your dream destination to beat all other options right off the table.
here are a few things you should consider if you’re looking to plan the perfect vacation abroad:
who am i traveling with?
this is by far the biggest question you should be asking yourself before you even get started on the vacation booking process. while your vacation should be special in every way to you, it should be equally so for the people you’re traveling with.
if you’re planning on jetting off with a group of friends, it’s time to think about what each person may be into. sometimes you might have to make compromises – if jenny likes to party but sarah wants a quiet place to sip her cocktails in peace, find yourself a secluded hotel near to a clubbing strip.
traveling with or without children can also play a huge factor in the planning decisions you make for your trip. there’s absolutely no point taking your children to a fancy, five-star hotel with a tiny swimming pool when you know they’d rather be living their best lives in a place with a kid’s club and a waterslide or two. on the opposite end, if you’re a couple looking for a relaxing week away from the daily stresses, you might want to consider an adults-only hotel for a guaranteed week of peace.
what’s my budget?
obviously, your budget is one thing that you have no choice but to consider during the vacation booking process, when you need to decide on exactly how much you’re prepared to spend on your dream getaway. but once the initial price of the hotel has been dealt with, many people forget to factor in the costs of the actual holiday itself.
there are certain vacation destinations that make it more than possible to show up with limited funds and pay for nothing more than the occasional wallet-friendly meal out and cocktails on the beach. other destinations, especially city locations, make it a much bigger challenge to enjoy yourself without spending money.
even if you’re planning on doing the same activities wherever you end up in the world, some locations have far more inflated costs than others. do your research beforehand and decide whether you’re willing to pay a bit more for the destination alone.
is the location for me?
when you’re staring at the picture of sunny skies and shimmering seas of a vacation destination in a travel brochure, it can be easy to picture yourself having a great time in that location. but there’s a lot more that’s worth considering than just the appearance of a place alone. sure, beautiful scenery counts for a lot, but if nothing else is quite living up to your expectations, it’s not right for you.
first of all, you need to determine exactly where your hotel of choice is situated in the destination you’re planning to visit. is it right in the middle of the action, or on the outskirts, a good car ride away? you don’t want to end up disappointed because you’re miles away from anything, nor do you want to be banging your head against the wall because what was supposed to be a peaceful trip away has played out to be sleepless nights listening to the sound of thumping club music.
you also need to check your distance to local shops and amenities, if they’re important for you, as well as beaches, restaurants, and anything else that you’d expect to find close by.
is there enough for me to do?
when it comes to the perfect vacation, everybody has a different image in their mind. for some, lazing on a deckchair and soaking up the sun for a week might be exactly what it takes to help them refresh and regenerate, taking a much-needed break from day-to-day work life. for others, the thought of hours of sun-worshipping might seem incredibly boring. they’ll probably need to find somewhere with the opportunity for activity and adventure.
while you might find yourself being pulled to a destination because it sounds lovely, it’s worth doing your research to find out exactly what it can offer to you. you’d hate to show up somewhere and find that it really wasn’t suitable for your needs, whether because there wasn’t enough for you to do, or it required you to be constantly on-the-go when you’d been hoping for a week off your feet. take a look at online reviews of the area for the best idea of what to expect when you arrive.

 
5 of the most scenic places in the world
november 11, 2019november 27, 2019
 

 

it’s only when we head off on our travels across the world that we can truly appreciate the beauty of the planet we live on. from tropical rainforests and incredible waterfalls to impressive mountain ranges, lush green countryside, sandy white beaches and crystal-clear seas, the world is bursting with extraordinary scenic destinations, many of which are just a short plane ride away.
it would be near-impossible to visit every single beautiful destination around the world in your lifetime, but there’s no reason why you can’t give it a good go. whether you’re a seasoned traveller or you limit your travels to your yearly vacation in the sun, it’s certainly worth adding some of the world’s most scenic places to your travel bucket list. if you need an idea of where to begin, here are 5 of our personal favourites that nature has to offer:
oia, santorini, greece
if you’re looking to experience traditional greek village living with breath-taking views and delicious cuisine, you can’t go wrong with oia, situated in the greek island of santorini. oia is a hilltop village that cascades down a cliffside in a blend of whitewashed buildings and traditional blue domed churches, narrow cobbled streets and quaint little restaurants.
you’ve probably seen pictures of oia’s infamous summer sunset view all over instagram, when the whole village is bathed in a serene warm orange light. oia is situated just a short walk away from fira, the island’s main village with a port, which makes it a good destination to visit if you’re greek island hopping or making a short trip over. it can get a bit busy in the peak summer periods, so plan your visit carefully.
grand canyon, usa
one of the most impressive views you can ever treat your eyes to in your lifetime is the grand canyon. situated in the arizonan desert, the immense canyon is characterised by its by layers upon layers of red rock, each of them recording billions of years of history, which were carved out by the colorado river that still rages at the canyon’s base.
the grand canyon is a location far worthier of seeing in person than in photos. only then can you get a true idea of its vastness – and even better if you’re prepared to splash out a little extra on a helicopter tour, flying you right over the natural wonder. the sunrise and sunset over the grand canyon are also both beautiful sights, so it’s worth choosing your visiting times to coincide with one or the other for the best experience.
venice, italy
with its tiny cobbled roads, spiderweb canal network, faded pastel townhouses and striking palaces, there’s no place quite equal to venice in its original beauty. as one of the most romantic destinations, venice offers historical splendour around every corner, and it’s easy to understand why the island has inspired so many artists over the years.
it’s thought that as a result of global warming, venice is slowly sinking, and it’s unlikely that we’ll be able to experience the full beauty of the island for much longer. this only makes venice even more of an essential vacation destination to add to your bucket list if you’re looking to visit the most beautiful places the world has to offer – before it’s too late.
great barrier reef, australia
there’s something about the endless stretch of turquoise coast of the great barrier reef in australia that’s powerful enough to take your breath away. the huge ecosystem, which is thought to run some 2,300km long, can be found just off the coast of queensland, and is apparently the only living thing on earth that can be seen clearly from space.
if you’re planning on visiting the great barrier reef in person, it’s essential that you explore its seas below-water as well as from above. you can only experience the true beauty of the destination by getting up close and personal with some of the most fascinating sea life on the planet. if diving isn’t your thing, a glass bottom boat is the second-best alternative.
niagara falls, usa
one of the finest examples of nature’s incredible potential is the niagara falls. situated on the border between canada and the us, the niagara falls is a site of breath-taking natural beauty. the sheer size of the falls (horseshoe falls is thought to be the tallest waterfall at 188 feet) is spellbinding enough, but the reflection of the sun on the water’s surface combined with algae and other organisms on the rocks beneath are what give the falls their beautiful turquoise hue.
you can view the niagara falls in a number of different ways, and each will give you an entirely different perspective of the landscape. boat trips run throughout the year, some of which will take you right behind the falls themselves. for the adrenaline junkies out there, arguably the best view of the falls can be found via helicopter tour, allowing you to see the falls from a bird’s eye perspective. there are also viewing platforms that give you astonishing views of the falls from right up close.

 
global hotels is coming
february 24, 2019
 

this is a site about hotels, but not just hotels, it’s about travel and lifestyle.  we don’t know how many hotels that we’ll be able to check it out, but as we come across information, we’ll put them here.  focusing on hotels as the central topic might not be the best idea, since we use hotel because we want to go to places, not necessarily because we want to stay at a specific hotel (although there are definitely some exceptions).  so, we might focus more on the places that people and we like to go instead of the hotels, but we have to start somewhere 🙂
we hope you are having a great trip, staying wherever you are, be it a hotel, motel, camping car, tent, suv, tesla, airbnb, whichever option you chose, we wish you a happy traveling.













navigation linkswelcome
plan perfect vacation
most scenic places
about
contact
 


vacation planning & tips   
how to plan the perfect vacation abroad
5 of the most scenic places in the world


 


https://youtu.be/1nifytsh3fe 

 
	global hotels
	 | 
	copyright 2019
 















