

southern-style index



southern-style
        a downhome perspective on all things southern
      home   about us  blog   genealogy  recipes   gardening  manners and etiquette  destinations  history  art  
          photojournalism  
 southern furniture maker   inspiration  write life  opinion contact  education   southern wedding  baby showers  history




home



about us 
 


genealogy
 


recipes
 


southern wedding
 


ramsey and sons furniture
a.k.a azalea homes in mobile, alabama




on target 

opinion pages contents





education

this may be the most important section of the website.
 


manners and etiquette
 
 


blog


baby showers






photojournalism
 



southern furniture makers
 





organizing a book festival

power point you are your own best publicist





gardening




destinations


history


art



inspiration






>

 






houston county alabama history









wilcox county, alabama history







bay county, florida history









the write life cozy mysteries









the write life historical fiction of creek indian war/family saga/romance







book one in the creek family saga





the write life/historical fiction of first seminole war/family saga/romance


book two in the creek family saga





book three in the creek family saga
coweta creek raid on angola





newly released.  available on amazon!  

third in the creek family history series: on to angola: race to freedom



the write life of sharman burson ramsey

sharman burson ramsey books on amazon

wakefield: history and recipes
downhome dothan: history and recipes 

swimming with serpents and in pursuit  on to angola --historical fiction

mint julep mysteries -- cozy mysteries


 from the editor

on southern culture
we southerners are a unique breed. pride of place, manners bred into us from birth, the foods
we eat, our bond with the land and our relationship with our family and
friends make us who we are. most practice true religion. for most of us
football is nearly a religious experience.
southern-style began as a genealogy
website. it expanded to become a general interest website (generally
anything i am interested in). those interests evolved with the
discovery that not only did this born and bred southerner have
ancestors on the mayflower and in jamestown, signing the magna charta (on both sides) but among those native americans who originally inhabited these lands through both my mother's vann line (powhatan - cleopatra and opechancanough) but also through my father's pettus line (powhatan-pocahontas and kocoum). 

 you will see that history intrigues me, particularly the people and area in which i grew up, southeast alabama.
folks greet each other asking, "how's your mom an 'em?" wondering how
all those folks were related led me to doing lots of genealogy that
many of you may find interesting. the same was true for wilcox county, alabama,
my father's old stomping grounds and escambia county, alabama, where my
mother was born, and now bay county, florida where my husband and i have retired. of course, all of that took me back many generations
and into the history and founding of this nation and those from which
those ancestors came. this tapestry has threads that lead to
fascinating people and their stories.
the discovery of my native american heritage led to my
novels,
swimming with serpents, in pursuit, and on to angola comprise a creek family saga resulting from my curiosity about what the world was like for my cherokee 4th great grandmother.  i wondered what the world was like for my cherokee 4th great grandmother. finding mayan dna through tribal dna testing led to mayans, muscadine and murder, one of my mint julep mysteries. the mint julep mysteries are set on a plantation inspired by my grandparents' home, wakefield plantation,
in furman, wilcox county, alabama now owned by my sister, cardiologist,
dr. sylvia burson rushing and her husband col. tom rushing. choices and secrets is my newest novel it is historical fiction with a contemporary theme. my books are available on amazon: https://www.amazon.com/s?k=sharman+burson+ramsey&crid=2lj1e7tb95dz5&sprefix=sharman+burson+ramsey%2caps%2c110&ref=nb_sb_noss_1 

 i grew up in a privileged home, the daughter of a small town doctor and a stay at home mother
who met my father after a world war in which my father served in the
philippines and my mother served as a nurse and earned a battle ribbon
at the battle of the bulge. mattie martin,
the black housekeeper who helped them raise their children, did much
more than cook and keep house. she supported our parents in teaching us
manners, morals and values and our place in the world. she was also the very best cook in town. the profound impact she made on me influenced my view of the world and the books i have written, including mint juleps and murder, the second in the mint julep mysteries. i combined the first three of that series in the mint julep trilogy. wakefield plantation: cookbook and family history tells of the plantation that was the inspiration for those books. 

if you have a wedding coming
up you might enjoy reading about our daughter brooke's home spun
wedding. the wedding raising was a lot of fun! the "how to" might give
you some ideas. i also share the mother of the groom perspective on a wedding as well. 
though
my husband and i have reached a different stage of life now and have
moved from the old family home in dothan, alabama, to panama city, florida, and our new
adventure called retirement, i will continue to share with you more  recipes and menus from my own southern experience now with a florida flair. 

i also threw in a few short stories you might enjoy. and do not neglect visiting the inspiration pages. there's an interesting tale about bear bryant who was coach at the university of alabama where i pledged delta delta delta and my husband was a pi kappa phi. 

i am also a teacher (secondary and adjunct professor of western
civilization) and my concern for the schools is something i write about
on my blog. links are to the left. 

welcome to this very personal view of the south. i hope you enjoy your visit. 









sharman ramsey 
webmaster 
              roll tide!



by
the way, did i mention? my novels swimming with serpents,  in pursuit and on to angola are available
through kobo, independent book stores, barnes and noble, mercer
university press, and amazon. my cozy mysteries, the mint julep mysteries, are available on amazon as is wakefield plantation: history and cookbook of one southern family. 









i am 

    a writer 

    who sings 

 a song of the south.  

    my heart beats in unison 

    with its people, 

    my soul is soothed  

    by the sighs of  the wind 

    as it drifts through the needles 

    of the arrow straight pines 

standing sentinal against the back drop 

    of a cerulean sky. 

    sharman burson ramsey










