






msrpa |






























home
about us

helpful links
videos


events
legislation
clubs
teams
down range
2a defense fund
contact
 


select page


  
 
 














we fight for gun owner rights
the maryland state rifle and pistol association (msrpa) is the flagship gun rights organization in and for the state of maryland. the objective is to continue to develop new activists with numerous individual skills who will help us bring maryland into line with the rest of the states which have made strong gains in protecting the right to keep and bear arms









we fight for gun owner rights
the maryland state rifle and pistol association (msrpa) is the flagship gun rights organization in and for the state of maryland. the objective is to continue to develop new activists with numerous individual skills who will help us bring maryland into line with the rest of the states which have made strong gains in protecting the right to keep and bear arms











maryland state rifle and pistol association 2a defense fund

 
 
in response to the growing need to redress infringements of second amendment and gun rights in the courts, the maryland state rifle and pistol association (msrpa) has created the maryland state rifle and pistol association 2a defense fund.
all donations will go toward supporting legal fees involving second amendment and gun related cases. you can either donate by mail:
msrpa 2a defense fund
341 whitfield rd.
catonsville, md 21228-1808
or on-line using https://www.msrpa.org/maryland-2a-defense-fund/.
please note all contributions are not tax deductible.







why should you join the state association?
the national rifle association sponsors and sanctions national competitions, and defends your rights in washington, dc.
the state association sponsors and sanctions local competitions in maryland, and defends your rights in maryland
by joining the maryland state rifle and pistol association, you are eligible for membership at the associated gun clubs of baltimore, inc 

update, renew, or join today










msrpa organizes and conducts state championship matches in all shooting disciplines






msrpa promotes the establishment of safe shooting ranges and hunting lands.








msrpa sponsors the official maryland state rifle team and the maryland state pistol team.






msrpa promotes hunting and emphasizes safety and hunter education.








msrpa develops, promotes, funds and maintains active and ongoing junior programs.






msrpa is fully affiliated with the director of civilian marksmanship and the national board for the promotion of rifle practice.

















join 2a maryland to keep current on second
amendment and related gun rights activities





 

















nra related links



nra facebook

nra twitter


nra-ila on twitter





unique visitors:

n/a


page visits:

n/a




 

















