


open dental software - practice management software
























503-363-5432












  

 home 
 trial version 
 order 
 documentation
 forum 
 contact us 
   search  














quality software for dental offices
comprehensive, highly customizable dental practice management software at an affordable price for practices of any size.
order open dental






packed with  features

discount plans
electronic prescriptions
graphical tooth chart
built-in, graphic, and user queries
email



interoperable with other software
100s of bridges to other programs
20+ clearinghouses
3rd party services and products


other services
conversions from 200+ dental pms 
sheet design service
custom query writing service
replication support
incident support



boost efficiency with eservices
								  
patient portal
payment portal
web forms
web sched

secure email
integrated texting
automated messaging
odmobile
odtouch
eclipboard

message-to-pay

 



bundle eservices and save!







add eservices today




fast and stable
microsoft .net framework
modern database management system


community
user forums
user newsletter
open dental users facebook group



3d tooth chart shows patient dentition and treatment over time.







								  rapid release cycle

new versions: 

version 24.3 - new preferences. integration with pearl ai. enhancements to code groups.

(beta) - version 24.4 -  enhancements to odtouch. effective dates for fee schedules.


webinars								
pre-recorded webinars and tutorials


 
 




							    customer announcements						      

 

01/15/2025 - warning: we specifically advise customers not to use nexhealth products that claim to integrate with open dental, and this includes other third-parties that pay nexhealth to be able to pump data into open dental.  if you do use nexhealth, you are likely bypassing open dental security, and the data that they may hack into the open dental database can cause unhandled exceptions. we are making this announcement as this has happened and will likely continue happening, and open dental may not be able to fix your issues as we do not have a record of the methods nexhealth may be employing to insert data into open dental. our recommendation is to utilize our eservices bundle or consider these third-parties that are less dangerous.
11/20/2024 - we have sent an updated notice to all dosespot users of a required update to version 24.1.88, 24.2.51, or 24.3.18  or greater. see the full notice here. 
11/19/2024 - we have published a list of known third-party vendors that have developed an integration for use in open dental. some integrations are authorized while others may be potentially dangerous. see third-party vendors for more information.							  
01/07/2025 - the latest open dental user newsletter has been released. see company announcements, new feature highlights, tips and tricks, and more. 
archived customer announcements
open dental blog

see our google privacy policy








developers | contact us | employment
 
open dental software
503-363-5432
service@opendental.com








