



  













humanities text initiative home page (archived)













































toggle navigation














log in


toggle navigation






javascript is disabled for your browser. some features of this site may not work without it.














search deep blue


this collection





communities & collectionstitlesauthorssubjectsdate


log in






                        legend
                    

 limited access: u-m users only access by request access via hathitrust access via fulcrum










view item 


 
                        home


research collections


library (university of michigan library)


view item





 
            
home




research collections




library (university of michigan library)



view item













humanities text initiative home page (archived)


digital contents and collections, university of michigan



2020-03








view/open


index-main.htm


(2.9kb
html)















description
the humanities text initiative (hti) was a unit of the university of michigan's digital library production service (dlps) that provided online access to full text resources since 1994. hti was an umbrella organization for the creation, delivery, and maintenance of electronic texts, as well as a mechanism for furthering the library community's capabilities in the area of online text. hti was absorbed into dlps as the scope of digital projects became larger than that specified by hti. collections created as part of the work by hti can be found at the digital collections list page. for further information or to give feedback, please contact dlps-help@umich.edu.


types
other


handle
https://hdl.handle.net/2027.42/154116





metadata
show full item record


collections



library (university of michigan library)










remediation of harmful language
the university of michigan library aims to describe library materials in a way that respects the people and communities who create, use, and are represented in our collections. report harmful or offensive language in catalog records, finding aids, or elsewhere in our collections anonymously through our metadata feedback form. more information at remediation of harmful language.


accessibility
if you are unable to use this file in its current format, please select the contact us link and we can modify it to make it more accessible to you.









university of michigan library


u-m library


michigan publishing


accessibility




about deep blue documents


deep blue repositories


contact us


frequently asked questions




privacy and copyright

library privacy statement

works found in deep blue documents are protected by copyright unless otherwise indicated.





© 2025, regents of the university of michigan. built with dspace






