






the most versatile air filtration systems on the market - pure air systems


































skip to main content







celebrating 40 years of service!





login
store
facebook
twitter
call toll free: 1.800.869.8025




home
filtration systems

filtration systems catalog
applications
controllers
installation instructions
general guidelines and instructions for replacing filters
pure air university


about

about pure air systems
client list
green design


blog
contact
buy replacement filters
 







 












the most versatile
air filtration system
on the market

all of our hepa and carbon based filtration products are for use in all applications – residential and commercial.
view products





 



 



 powerful, three stage filtrationfilters 99.995% of particles down to mpps microns for the hps 350/500 and 99.999% to 0.3 microns for the 600, 1200, 2000hs.
view products







 



 use for stand-alone filtration or
easily integrate with your hvac systemsystems can be used either attached to existing hvac forced air ducted systems or in the stand-alone mode.
see typical installations







 



commercial-grade filtration
for all applicationsall products can be used in applications ranging from residential to commercial to industrial.
view applications











request more information
we’ll help you decide which pure air system is right for you.
call now:
1.800.869.8025
or, fill out this form. one of our friendly and knowledgeable representatives will be in contact with you shortly.

 











name:


phone number:




e-mail address:


customer type—please choose an option—home owner/officecontractor/installerdistributor



questions / comments:

this form collects your personal information so that we can process your contact request and reply to it. check out our privacy policy for more details.

request information









about pure air systems
pure air systems manufactures the most complete line of certified hepa air filtration and carbon adsorption systems on the market today. our line of hepa air purifiers and air filtration systems are designed to be used in a wide variety of applications including attaching the systems to any size heating/cooling system for central hepa indoor air filtration and in stand-alone applications where high volume hepa filtration is required. read more


products & information
about us
pure air university
product catalog
blog
buy replacement filters
contact us
 


facebook
twitter


call toll free: 1.800.869.8025


3079 n. county rd. 200 w.
danville, in 46122                    


privacy policy
terms & conditions



                        copyright © 2025. pure air systems. all rights reserved.website design & development by the web tailors llc







 









