









1900 inn on montford | asheville nc bed and breakfast


























































main navigation









we are open! thank you for your continued support of our inn. please call us for questions!





we are open! thank you for your continued support of our inn. please call us for questions!






view inn photo gallery

296 montford ave. asheville, nc 28801







   book direct  

call us at:
828.254.9569










home
stay

guest rooms
check availability
amenities
faqs
gift certificates


about

innkeepers
gallery
press & awards
blog
policies


breakfast
weddings & events

weddings
elopements
family reunions
porch music


testimonials
visit asheville

asheville
plan a visit guide


contact us
















book



 















come home to 1900 inn on montford
a charming bed & breakfast in downtown asheville







blooming trees and sunlit rooms. homemade cookies and gourmet breakfasts. watching the sunset on the porch with live music. crackling fireplaces. luxurious bathrooms with whirlpool massage tubs and rain showers.
all in a historic, century-old house that feels just like home.
this is a place where stressors melt and comfort sets in. a place where you can fully unwind and relax. lounge around in your pjs, pop into the kitchen to say hi to our innkeepers, or curl up for hours in the sunroom with a fresh espresso from locally-made coffee and your favorite book.
this is 1900 inn on montford.
our innkeepers, willy and shawnie offer attentive care and intentional, special touches to bring you a hospitality experience you’ll cherish for a long, long, time.





find your room



meet our innkeepers









amenities





innkeepers





porch music





spa







browse our rooms





cloisters



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details



rossetti



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details



william morris



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details



zelda’s retreat



 type of room:  2 bedroom suite

room details





the fitzgerald



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details



thomas wolfe



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details



edith wharton



 type of room:  1 bedroom suite

room details



the o’henry



 type of room:  1 bedroom

room details











find your sanctuary at 1900 inn on montford
a one-of-a-kind asheville inn
pick your escape. will it be our cozy zelda’s retreat or the 1,300-sq ft cloisters suite in the carriage house? filled with personal touches, every room in our asheville b&b is a delightful world of its own, curated with love, intentionality, and tender loving care.
whether you’re looking for connection or just need a little space to unwind; here to adventure or just staycation for a bit – we’re here to help you curate the experience you’re looking for.
 





book your getaway






sweet mornings start here.


there’s so much more to 1900 inn on montford than beautiful interior design. everyday, our innkeepers dream and whip up different kinds of breakfasts (plus a special sweet treat item!), made from scratch using fresh, local, and seasonal ingredients.
we want everyone to be able to enjoy this wonderful experience irrespective of food allergies or preferences. so, whether you’re vegan or allergic to tree nuts, we’ll make sure your needs are accommodated and you can safely and happily enjoy your breakfast.











see what's for breakfast











our asheville bed and breakfast has earned select safe, stay select status for meeting a stringent set of health and safety guidelines based on recommendations by authorities like the centers for disease control (cdc). read the guidelines here.











celebrate your special day at our bed and breakfast in asheville.
a gorgeous setting in one of asheville’s finest historic buildings with enchanting hospitality – what better place to host a romantic asheville wedding, an intimate asheville elopement, a memorable babymoon (we love babymoons!), or a fun-filled family reunion?
we love planning memorable events and are only too happy to assist you with organizing the details so you can focus on enjoying the present moment! we’re here and ready to help you customize your event so that it’s not just picturesque but relaxing and fun for you too! 





plan a wedding



plan an elopement






where wagging tails are always welcome.


pets are family, and your furry loved one’s stay is just as important to us as yours! at our pet-friendly b&b, furry friends are eagerly anticipated, pampered with homemade treats, and greeted with a warm welcome!
we have a pet-friendly suite (or three) where you and your dog can relax and enjoy together, plus your pet gets a built-in friend, clementine, our chocolate lab that’s ever-ready to play!











discover our pet-friendly rooms







welcome to 1900 inn on montford




















enchantingtrying to think of the right words to describe willy and shawnie’s oasis. it’s the little touches and the great service, the saturday evening concerts on the porch, the charming owners and their friendly, efficient concierge, jennifer, how they remember something you’ve said in passing and make it happen, the 3-course breakfasts omg, how you come as a guest and leave as a friend. do not pass up an opportunity to stay in this enchanting inn.
-barbara & ralph








a lovely experience with great personal touches!what a lovely visit to asheville! i stayed three nights in the william morris room with my little dog and what a great way to start and end our very full days out and about in asheville. the food and cookies are excellent, and the accommodations are super cozy and comfy, and there are very nice personal touches (including homemade soft biscuits for my pup!). the inn is located conveniently within walking distance to downtown, which was really enjoyable this week with amazing weather. just walking around the immediate neighborhood was really great with all the cool houses and old trees. willie, shawnie, and jennifer are lovely and welcoming. i’m already looking forward to our next visit!
– k murray








great asheville getaway“from the welcome received upon your arrival, to the scrumptious three course breakfast prepared with all fresh ingredients, shawnie & willie aim to please! great facility with a great staff! my wife and i look forward to our return visit soon!“
edward h.







read all reviews







read our asheville b&b blog







cherished moments: the perfect mother-daughter asheville getaway at 1900 inn on montford

they’re our biggest fans, our greatest supporters, and best friends. if there’s anything that...
read more




5 asheville wellness experiences to relax, rejuvenate & feel your best

are you looking for a getaway to truly relax and unwind? life is busy. we get it! one of the best...
read more




the perfect bed & breakfast stay in asheville: relax, rejuvenate, and give back this holiday season

bright lights line the front of the house. smells of hot local coffee drift from the sunroom,...
read more


« older entries






















1900 inn on montford9.9recognition of excellence 2021 















need more information




name


email address


phone number


comments/questions


would you like to receive future emails from us?

would you like to receive future emails from us?


yes


no





submit







 











view our guest rooms & suites
check availability
book direct
directions
policies
innkeepers
press & awards



















inn on montford
296 montford ave, asheville, nc 28801






contact us
(828) 254-9569innkeeper@innonmontford.com





 
explore asheville | romantic asheville

inn photography courtesy of chelsea lane photography | wedding photography courtesy of nick levine photography
 sitemap | website design by lr design

© 2025 1900 inn on montford, all rights reserved



 











1900 inn on montford
homestay

guest roomscheck availabilityamenitiesfaqsgift certificates back
about

innkeepersgallerypress & awardsblogpolicies back
breakfastweddings & events

weddingselopementsfamily reunionsporch music back
testimonialsvisit asheville

ashevilleplan a visit guide back
contact us

				× close panel			






