






lutheran pioneers – training up the next generation

















































 
 
 

















search for:



about

start a train
annual train registration
walking sticks
make donation or pay an invoice


for boys
for parents
events
log in
gallery
menu 







 
fire pittraining the leaders of tomorrow with the skills of yesterday and todaybackpacker1explore and adventure while you make new friendssamsung camera picturesproviding christian community and mentorship 



 







our youth are the future leaders of our church and community.
 
 



learn



compete



adventure



lutheran pioneers exists to assist congregations in nurturing and training boys in the lord, so that they will remain faithful to him and faithfully serve him throughout their lives.
we want the boys in our churches to grow up to be christian men of character who have learned life skills, and are leaders in their families, their church, and their communities.
 
lutheran pioneers - po box 195 - watertown wi  53094
920-342-2612     888-214-8225
if your congregation doesn't have a train, or can't/won't have a train, you can still be a lutheran pioneer "virtually".  
just go to the login tab, and create a user id for the virtual train "train 1000"
then login and you will find more information about how that works.
 




			
			why should my son be a lutheran pioneer?		


 

 
 
 
 download curriculum 
access curriculum and materials for your train here. learn more 

 

 
 
 
 start your own train 
learn how to start your own train of lutheran pioneers at your church—and help transform the lives of boys and the future of your community. learn more 

 

 
 
 
 why lutheran pioneers? 
lutheran pioneers is helping youth build their lives around christ.  beginning with a solid foundation, we aim to strengthen future generations and leaders with truth and wisdom. the skills that boys learn in the pioneers prepare them to be the leaders of tomorrow—while they build a strong christian community around them. learn more 








			click here for lutheran girl pioneers		




click here to see our lp privacy policy.

 








lutheran pioneers © 2025 
a siteorigin theme










