





waypoint | housing | violence | cedar rapids, ia










































menu




who we areour historymeet the teammeet the boardsfinancialswhat we dohousing servicesdomestic violence victim servicessurvivors' programcaring dadskidspoint child care programeventshiking for housinggentleman campaign©tribute to women of achievementwaypoint wonderlandcelebrate waypoint!national crime victims’ rights weekplunging for a purposedonatemonetary donationsin-kind donationscorporate partnerships1911 societyplanned givingprivacy policyvolunteervolunteer opportunitiesinternship opportunitiescareers 
donate now





 need help now?

español
contact us
blog







 inspiring people
to move forward
for 130 years, waypoint has existed as a vital community resource for individuals in crisis.






 
what we do
helping individuals move forward in their lives
over the years, waypoint's services have evolved to meet the ever-changing needs of individuals, children, and families. today, waypoint offers a variety of proactive services and resources for those experiencing housing instability, poverty, or violence or needing access to quality, affordable child care.
 
 














 
 who we are
a history of helping
since 1894, waypoint has devotedly worked to improve the lives of those in need. beginning with its birth as the cedar rapids chapter of the young women's christian association (ywca), waypoint has specialized in empowering area women to improve their lives.
read the story

 


 


domestic violence victim services
providing advocacy and resources for survivors of domestic violence




housing services
proactive, best practice housing solutions that change lives




child care
empowering youth through high quality, affordable child care




survivors' program
supporting the loved ones of victims of community violence





 
our impact
making meaningful strides in community violence, homelessness, and child care
 
 


10809
individuals were supported with finding an open shelter bed or other housing options through the coordinated entry program.




93%
of children who graduated from a kidspoint learning center & preschool were developmentally on-track for kindergarten.



2270
survivors of domestic violence received advocacy, safety planning, counseling, and support.



537
individuals impacted by homicide or violent crime received advocacy, resources, and support.



 
you can help
help our cause today
"it's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving."
-mother teresa
 
 


make a donation
provide a monetary or in-kind donation to change a life.
donate now




become a volunteer
share your time to help move people forward.
volunteer




attend an event
show your support by attending an event!
view events




join the 1911 society
membership ensures waypoint's financial stablity.
learn more




 
what we do
providing services for those impacted by violence, a housing instability, and poverty or needing access to quality, affordable child care
 
 

 


domestic violence victim services
empowering victims and survivors through advocacy, support groups, and a 24/7 resource & support line and educating the community about domestic and dating violence
 
learn more




housing services
a network of services including coordinated entry, rapid re-housing, and homeless prevention which provide solutions to housing instability and homelessness and help households find affordable housing
learn more




kidspoint child care program
providing high-quality education to children ages 5 weeks through 12 years old daily and offering tuition assistance and supportive services for families with needs outside of the scope of the classroom
learn more




survivors' program
advocating for individuals who have lost a family member or friend to homicide or vehicular homicide and supporting those impacted by violent felony crimes, such as kidnapping, robbery, and attempted murder
 
learn more







we're here for you
for 130 years, waypoint has existed as a vital community resource for individuals in need.





domestic violence resource & support line
800.208.0388



housing services
319.366.7999 -or- 1.833.739.0065





kidspoint child care
319.365.1636



survivors' program
319.365.1458





contact waypoint
318 5th st se
cedar rapids, ia 52401
319.365.1458





facebook icon
youtube icon
twitter icon
instagram icon
linkedin icon





copyright © 2025 waypoint. all rights reserved. web application by informatics, inc  | privacy policy
172.26.9.156














