







home - the brookwood community















































































 








		skip to content








 





main menu
 


 

 
 







 





main menu
 


 

 
 








 












brookwood 



									changing the way the world thinks about adults with disabilities
								






















welcome to the brookwood community  



founded in 1983, brookwood is a god-centered non-profit residential and vocational community for adults with disabilities located on 485 acres in brookshire, texas just west of houston.
the brookwood café is open from 11:00am-2:00pm with a full menu! the gift & garden center is open 9:00am-4:30pm.
https://www.elle-roses.com 






learn more
















 








a joyful place - 
the brookwood community story 















about brookwood 




















dine at brookwood 




















careers 
























life at brookwood 




















events calendar 




















center for learning 























shop at brookwood 




















volunteer 




















give 























news & events 













eat drink htx at the brookwood cafe the brookwood café is proud to be a part of eat drink htx from feb. 15-28. eadrink htx is the realization of a passion project in the works of the late cleverley stone and is produced by the cleverley stone... read more 






earth kind roses lunch and learn feb. 28 discover the beauty of earth-kind® roses! you’ll earn the unique benefits of earth-kind® roses, how these eco-friendly roses thrive with minimal care, and get tips for planting, pruning, and maintaining... read more 






houston livestock show and rodeo 2025 see you at the rodeo! we are so excited to participate in the 2025 houston livestock show and rodeo again this year! we look forward to seeing you at our booth! we'll have the world famous shudde bros.... read more 






katy home & outdoor living show march 22-23 join brookwood horticulture at the katy home & outdoor living show! experience the ultimate home and outdoor living show featuring over 200 captivating attractions, including brookwood horticulture! discover... read more 






propagating your home garden lunch and learn mar 28 join us march 28 at the brookwood café for propagating your home garden lunch & learn! enjoy a delicious meal, expert gardening tips, and a special take-home gift! read more 






2025 works of heart - an evening of extraordinary art and artists works of heart: an evening of extraordinary art and artistsbenefiting the brookwood community will be held wednesday, april 2, 2025 at the post oak hotel at uptown. join us for a night where art and purpose... read more 






brookwood breakfast with bunny april 12 hop on over for a breakfast experience like no other! join us for a delightful breakfast buffet and meet the easter bunny along with his friends from katy feed & tack. enjoy family-style, european seating... read more 






brookwood breakfast with bunny april 19 hop on over for a breakfast experience like no other! join us for a delightful breakfast buffet and meet the easter bunny along with his friends from katy feed & tack. enjoy family-style, european seating... read more 






wildflowers and their usage lunch and learn april 25 join us march 28 at the brookwood café for propagating your home garden lunch & learn! enjoy a delicious meal, expert gardening tips, and a special take-home gift! read more 



 












give now 



thank you for considering brookwood for your charitable giving.elleroses news 








 



in memory of tom h. wilson
honoring the life of thomas h. wilson, former chairman of the brookwood community board






 






donate












god's chair 



special chairs like this throughout brookwood symbolize god’s presence in our lives and in our community. 








subscribe 



									sign up for news and updates from the brookwood community.
https://www.brilliantledshoes.com/
 






sign up







view newsletter archives  










 








 



our vision is to change the way the world thinks about adults with disabilities. 






facebook
 



youtube
 



instagram
 










quick links 







aboutlife at brookwoodtoursshopdine 







eventsgivevolunteercareersadmissions 











contact us 



main campus1752 fm 1489, brookshire, tx 77423281-375-2100info@brookwoodcommunity.orggift and garden centerthe cafè at brookwood1502 fm 1489, brookshire, tx 77423retail store: 281-375-2149garden center: 281-375-2327the cafè: 281-375-2400 











anti-discrimination policy | privacy policy | terms of usecopyright © 2024 the brookwood community 










start typing and press enter to search 


search...


  







 










































