





massachusetts tourism vacation guide, attractions, & events - visit massachusetts


































maps
subscribe












blog













state: ma

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 











massachusetts





massachusetts





massachusetts





previous



next













western mass.









cape cod & the islands









central mass.









boston









north of boston









south of boston















welcome to visit massachusetts!
cape cod, mountains & world-class boston culture

massachusetts has all the geographical features of the other states, from skiing and fall foliage drives in the western berkshire mountains to the beaches of cape cod and vacation islands of martha's vineyard and nantucket. boston, ma (and its neighbor, cambridge, ma) is a world-class city of top-notch cultural offerings and american revolutionary history.
ma quick links: great things to do - events calendar - state map



© thomas schoeller photography




massachusetts regions and highlights:
western mass. & the berkshires

western massachusetts is the state's mountainous area, with ski resorts and other mountain sports. this region also is split by the connecticut river valley. the towns of lenox, lee, great barrington, and stockbridge, ma offer live music and theater and many museums. tanglewood in lenox is the summer home of the boston symphony orchestra. amherst and northampton, ma jump with cultural activities. favorite museums celebrate norman rockwell and eric carle. west springfield, ma hosts the big e agricultural fair every fall.



© thomas schoeller photography




cape cod, martha's vineyard, and nantucket

 cape cod is a giant, curved peninsula that cradles the calm cape cod bay beaches; the cape's outer shores face the rougher atlantic. a large strip of the cape is occupied by the cape cod national seashore, which includes beaches and lighthouses, bluffs and dunes, freshwater ponds, walking and biking trails. the cape is a family-oriented vacation place to enjoy seafood, beaches, bicycling, camping, antique shopping, and more.
the islands of martha's vineyard and nantucket, in the waters south of cape cod, are paradises of beaches, bluffs, glorious sunsets, and sweet towns with interesting histories. both can be reached by ferry from cape cod (as well as a few other ports in coastal ma and ri) and both have small airfields. martha's vineyard is the larger island, with several cozy towns, good dining and summer theater, and beautiful beaches. nantucket is even more intimate and upscale, with all the same island pleasures as its larger sister.



© thomas schoeller photography




central mass.

central massachusetts is a place of lovely towns, small industrial cities and many farms that welcome visitors for fresh picked produce and fall harvest celebrations. it spans the entire state from north to south, and stretches from the connecticut river at springfield, ma to the eastern reaches of the i-495 loop between milford and harvard, ma.

the northern half, which follows the state border and the mohawk trail (ma route 2) west from about harvard to athol, ma is known as north central mass. the landscape here is dotted with small towns & lakes, farms and forests, perfect for a day out hiking at a state park or a weekend camping trip. small cities including clinton, fitchburg, gardner, and leominster, ma are hubs of the arts, education, nightlife and dining.
the southern half follows interstate 90 (the mass pike) and ma route 9 west from about milford, ma to springfield, ma. springfield and worcester, ma are two of the larger cities in the state and are home to several colleges, sports and large events, wonderful museums of the arts, history and sports, renowned annual festivals, dining and nightlife. there's also a lot of american history in the area, including old sturbridge village in sturbridge, ma, a living history re-creation of a 19th-century town.








greater boston & cambridge

boston has all the pleasures of a great city: theater, museums, excellent shopping and dining. the freedom trail, a walking circuit, passes many iconic settings of the american revolution. the boston commons and public garden are superb urban parks. the charles river with its picturesque bridges separates boston from cambridge, ma, home to harvard university. nearby lexington and concord have outdoor museums describing revolutionary war events.







north of boston/merrimack region

the merrimack valley and cape ann areas, including the towns of salem, gloucester, newburyport, marblehead, and lowell, ma, is known for its art galleries, seaside beauty, and fine food. gloucester and newburyport have fleets for popular whale watch cruises. the region has many art galleries. salem, site of 17th-century witchcraft trials, attracts thousands of visitors every october for halloween fun. lexington and concord, ma have outdoor museums describing revolutionary war events lowell and its historic mills are a showcase of early american industrial history.







south of boston/plymouth region

the south shore of massachusetts is famous for the town of plymouth, ma and its historic sites, including plymouth rock. on the coast you can catch a whale-watch tour and inland you can explore cranberry farms. quiet beach towns and popular horse neck beach are scattered along buzzard's bay. new bedford is an old seafaring city famous for its whaling and maritime history sites.
great things to do in massachusetts
























destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







