




rent to own homes and lease to own homes on homerun homes






























 

 home  find a home  sell a home  for investors  recent press  about us  

 connecting buyers and sellers of rent to own homes since 2002




 find a rent to own
 sell a rent to own
 for investors
 commercial property
 offer a service
 rent to own tips
 homes wanted
 homes available
 home services
 commercial property
 log in



looking for a rent to own home?



who is "homerun homes"?

ranked in the top  
		on the major search engines (google, yahoo, bing).
          in business longer  
		than any of our competitors (since 2002).
          the #1 website for rent to 
		own homes.

how can we help you ?




 
			find a rent to own



 
			sell a rent to own



 
			sell multiple properties





homerun homes in the 
		news:
  - homerun homes 

celebrates 9 years of rent to own homes
  - homerun homes 

achieves government-regulated pci web 
		security compliance
  - building trades association



				  approves homerun homes as their newest member 
  - aol/patch 

says homerun homes "knocks it out of the 
		park"
  - homerun homes



				  donates services to the wounded warrior homes organization 
  - real estate magazine q & a 

with the president of homerun homes











 



 






about us
blog
press
faqs
terms of use
contact us
site map




 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
 

 
 





 
 








 
		  receive our rss feeds



tell a 
		  friend about this page:




             

 




  find a rent to own home
  sell a rent to own home
  sell more than one home
   commercial properties and land 
   the "secrets" of rent to own 
  offer a home service
 bring your mortgage current...
  creative real estate investing 101 







at some time in your life, you've rented a 
		home or an apartment, so you're familiar with a lease agreement. if 
		you've ever bought or sold a house, you're familiar with a purchase 
		offer. the rent to own agreement is a hybrid of the two - a lease 
		agreement combined with a purchase offer (sometimes called an "option", 
		that is, the right to buy at an agreed upon price). if you are looking 
		for a rent to own home, we are the place for you! at homerun homes, we 
		offer prospective tenant/buyers a place to find rent to own homes, and a 
		place for prospective sellers to offer their homes as rent to own homes. 
		rent to own is a great alternative for people who want to purchase a 
		home right now but may need a little time before buying a home outright. 
		if you want to own your own home but cannot get a loan, you may want to 
		look at rent to own or leasing a home with an option to buy (also called 
		a lease purchase) and put your rent money to good use! usually, these 
		types of homes offer rent credits. with a rent to own, you basically get 
		to "try" the home before you buy it. you are test driving your potential 
		home of the future. you treat the home as if it is yours. if you feel 
		the home is not for you, at the end of your lease option or lease 
		purchase agreement, you can terminate the contract. however, if you 
		really like the home, you can convert your lease option or lease 
		purchase agreement into a sales contract and buy the home, and take 
		advantage of owner finance or seller finance. this is what makes rent to 
		own such a great option.
you can do the reverse if you already have a 
		home - you can find your tenant buyers on our website. as homes for sale 
		by owner (fsbo) are everywhere you look, few sellers realize the 
		benefits of rent to own (perfect for sellers with a home that needs 
		repairs, a home with zero, little or negative equity, or a home in a 
		buyer's market). you might have seen a seller's advertisement for "rent 
		to own, rent to own, or rent with an option to buy", and you contact 
		them. perhaps they tell you that they would like to find a tenant that 
		is interested in owning the house down the line, and you go to see the 
		property. going into foreclosure or facing a pending foreclosure? rent 
		to own just might be for you as either a buyer or a seller. we 
		specialize in the usa and canada, but our marketplace is open and 
		thriving in the philippines, australia, the united kingdom ("buy to 
		let"), new zealand, ireland, india and beyond. rent to own is becoming a 
		global option for buyers and sellers. in addition to covering the 
		residential market, we also cover commercial real estate. in fact, a 
		recent article in a local us paper indicated that the commercial real 
		estate has significantly warmed up to creative options (such as rent to 
		own). that is where we fit in: homerun homes is a centralized 
		marketplace which helps people find a rent to own property, sell a rent 
		to own property, and offer services nationwide and globally to the  
		thriving rent to own market.


"it's still rent to own to me"
		so, we ask you; are you looking for a rent to own home? have 
		you had a foreclosure and need a rent to own home? do you need a rental 
		property? are you a prospective tenant, prospective seller, or do you 
		provide home services? do you have commercial real estate and are you 
		stuck with a commercial property ? can't refinance your existing home? 
		do you already own a home and are looking for a creative way to sell it? 
		the answer is very simple: the place to "be seen" is homerun homes, the 
		premier website where buyers and sellers come to find people just like 
		you since 2002 !




	  	    need the forms/contractsfor rent to own deals?click 
			here...!!!


note: rent to own homes are also referred to as lease purchase, lease to purchase, lease to buy, rent to buy,
            lease option, rent with an option to buy, lease to own, lease with option to purchase, and rent with option to
            purchase. homerun homes is the premier website for rent to own homes.


site designed, maintained and programmed by
dcgws 
		internet solutions
web application development







x


your name:



your email:



message:











opt-in for newsletter and special offers:



          i have read and understood the privacy policy.








