



tampa divorce & family law attorneys | givens law group






































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			






















813-328-6159











search













								home
							


								the givens family
							









stann w. givens

chris givens




								divorce & family law
							









alimony / spousal support

child custody

child support

collaborative divorce

contempt of court

divorce mediation

domestic violence

gray divorce 

grounds for dissolution

high net worth divorce

military divorce

modification

parents' rights

paternity

property division

recovery of attorney's fees

relocation

same-sex divorce

uncontested divorce

visitation




								testimonials
							


								blog
							









2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

2018

2017

2016




								contact us
							





































like family



									we vow to fight for your family's rights as if you were our own. 



									at givens law group, we have made it our mission to provide justice and peace of mind for each family whose case we handle. 
								


										our family
									


























divorce
at givens law group we understand how difficult divorce can be. learn how we can help you through this time. 
divorce









child custody
at givens law group we understand the importance of ensuring that the welfare of a child is protected.
child custody











our marks of honor




































































tampa divorce & family law attorneys
experienced family law lawyers in tampa, fl, serving clients throughout
	 all of hillsborough county

if you and your spouse are considering divorce or have already decided
	 to dissolve your marriage, it's critical that you consult with an experienced
	 tampa divorce attorney to understand your best options.

	when you decide to divorce, you are separating so much more than just a
	 romantic connection. your home, your
	parenting time, your
	assets, and your
	debts, are all factors that must be divided and agreed upon.

at givens law group, our tampa family lawyers understand that this could
	 be one of the most difficult and traumatic times in your life and your
	 family's life - and we are here to offer the support, attention, and consideration
	 you deserve.
the experience our lawyers offer is invaluable, and our complete devotion
	 to our tampa clients is second to none.



contact us









							what our family brings to the table
						





our family of attorneys is dedicated to our clients and believe they should all be supported like family.




we believe that all family law issues should be resolved in a fair and timely manner. 




our firm uses our decades of experience to provide your family with the knowledge and expertise that you deserve.



















						meet the attorneys fighting for your family




						the first priority of the attorneys at givens law group is to give our clients our complete devotion- and our service is second to none. 
					


							meet our family
						














whatever situation you face, we encourage you to consult our florida law firm.

our in-depth understanding of family law allows us to provide personalized
	 and supportive guidance when you need it most. the knowledge and experience
	 of our divorce lawyers in tampa will maximize your chances of receiving
	 the type of outcome that you desire in your fl divorce or family law case.
our florida law firm is conveniently located in downtown tampa, close to
	 the westshore area and brandon, fl.



call now









								can our family help your family?
							

								contact us today!









first name

								            please enter your first name.
								        





last name

								            please enter your last name.
								        





phone

								            please enter your phone number.
								        

								            this isn't a valid phone number.
								        





email

											please enter your email address.
										

											this isn't a valid email address.
										






yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.

are you a new client?




											please make a selection.
										





message

												please enter a message.
											






send information















our tampa lawyers are experts in our legal field, and it shows.


	both founding partners, christian givens and stann givens, are listed in
	best lawyers in america and
	super lawyers, and have been chair of the hillsborough county bar association family
	 law section. givens law group has also been listed in "best law firms"
	 by u.s. news & world report.


	stann was honored by the family law inn of tampa when in march 2015, they
	 permanently renamed the organization after him –
	the stann w. givens family law inn of tampa. he was also recently honored by the thirteenth judicial circuit court
	 with the professionalism award, which is presented annually to only one
	 private practice attorney.

our tampa divorce lawyers at givens law group are known for their professionalism,
		 ethics, and passion for their clients.







amazing at your job
“i just want to take a minute to tell you how amazing you are at your job!”
- former client




had my best interests at heart
“stann, i just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how much i appreciate the hard work by the attorneys in your firm.”
- former client




thank you isn't enough
“stann, thank you doesn’t seem like enough. you are truly a master negotiator.”
- former client




total degree of trust
“the entire firm extended a personal interest in my case from the beginning to the end.”
- former client




best experience, by far
“i have worked with attorneys my entire professional career. my experience with the givens law group was the best, by far.”
- former client








 / 












more reviews








					divorce & family law faqs
				
the information you need to get started on your case.







q:who is eligible for divorce in florida?
							



a:to file for divorce in fl you must be a resident of the state for at least 6 months in order to file for divorce. an exception to this rule is if you are a military member who has been stationed outside the state.
							







q:do i need grounds to file for divorce in florida?
							



a:no, florida is a no-fault divorce state, which means you need not present any other grounds than the fact that your marriage is irretrievably broken. whether or not your spouse cheated on you will not necessarily impact your divorce.
							







q:who pays for divorce lawyers in florida?
							



a:florida law allows one spouse to make the other spouse pay for their divorce attorney's fees. the court may order one party to pay the other's attorney's fees and costs if the parties are in unequal financial positions. the court will consider the financial resources of both parties. if the court finds the requested fees and costs reasonable, it will order the other party to pay them.
							







q:does the wife automatically get half in a divorce in florida?
							



a:in florida, neither spouse is guaranteed to receive half of the marital property during divorce. the court will divide the property in a way that it deems fair. this doesn't necessarily mean a 50/50 split. the court can use discretion when deviating from equal division.
							















our goal is to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
we always attempt to work cooperatively with those on the other side of
	 your case to achieve a fair and timely resolution of the legal issues
	 in your divorce case. if, however, an out-of-court settlement is not possible,
	 with our vast depth of experience in litigation, we are fully prepared
	 to forcefully present your case at trial. our goal is to guide you through
	 the family law process with the full protection of your legal rights,
	 the least amount of delay and the most conservative use of funds possible.
with decades of experience, our tampa divorce attorneys have proven themselves
		 to be leaders in the field of family law in florida. our support staff
		 is trained to listen carefully to your concerns and to assist you in the
		 vigorous advocacy of your rights.





















								get in touch
							


								at givens law group, your family is our family. as such, we promise to fight for each client and voraciously protect their best interests.
							







first name

								            please enter your first name.
								        





last name

								            please enter your last name.
								        





phone

								            please enter your phone number.
								        

								            this isn't a valid phone number.
								        





email

											please enter your email address.
										

											this isn't a valid email address.
										






yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.

are you a new client?




											please make a selection.
										





message

												please enter a message.
											






send information

























813-328-6159









follow us


























local office


							1001 south macdill ave
							
								suite 200
							
						

tampa,
						fl 
33629
map & directions [+]




quick links



home

the givens family

divorce & family law

video center

site map












the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.
















