





brillianize #1 rated plastic cleaner and plastic polish
















    call toll free: 1 (800) 445-9344





























best selling complete kit
brillianize 8 oz pump spray bottle
		large suede micro fiber cloth
		brillianize instant detailer (wet/dry wipe)




deluxe cleaning kit with circular knit microfiber cloth
brillianize 8 oz pump spray bottle
		


 
#1 best selling item
brillianize 128 oz jug.


 
#2 best selling item
2 bottles brillianize 8 oz pump spray bottles.


 
#3 best sellilng item
2 carafes brillianize 32 oz trigger spray bottles













 this jquery slider was created with the free easyrotator software from dwuser.com. 

          need a powerful flash slideshow creator with built-in iphone/ipad/android support?  easyrotator is supported by the xml flash slideshow v4 software. 

ok 

          rotator powered by easyrotator, a free and easy jquery slider builder from dwuser.com.  please enable javascript to view.
        











microfiber germ fighting properties
    microfiber, microbes and spores
cleaning with microfiber cloths reduces bacteria by 99.0% (uc davis health). studies by uc davis medical center and the california department of pesticide regulation show that using microfiber cloth eliminates 99% of harmful bacteria, microbes and spores. download copies of this academic literature here. [uc davis medical] [california dpr] [microfiber q & a]
the brillianize cleaning solution does not contain any antibacterial properties. brillianize is engineered to protect plastic and glass by reducing grazing. brillianize is non-toxic and safe to use on all hard shiny surfaces. using brillianize with microfiber towels may eliminate 99% of harmful bacteria, microbes and spores without damaging your acrylic displays or furniture. 
machine or hand wash microfiber with liquid soap and warm water to kill the germs and microbes. do not use fabric softeners with microfiber towels. air or machine dry the microfiber on low temperature. best results are obtained by air drying so that lint and other contaminants are not transferred from the drier to your microfiber cloth. 
buy microfiber towels from our secure web store. 
    for additional information contact brillianize 1 (800) 445-9344 or customerservice@brillianize.com.
america's #1 rated  cleaner & polish 

safe

100% non-toxic
safe to use around people and pets
#1 choice plastic cleaner and polish
          
professionals
enthusiasts
manufacturers and fabricators


environmentally friendly formula
cleans and protects all hard shiny surfaces

quality

specially formulated to clean, preserve and protect plastic surfaces
use on:
          
acrylic, glass, formicaâ®, lexanâ®, luciteâ®, plexiglasâ®, stainless steel, chrome, bright metal and all hard shiny surfaces


made in the usa



at home, work or on the go

brillianize is packaged in convenient sizes for all size jobs
          
available  in 8 and 32oz. sprayers plus 128 oz. jug
instant detailer wet/dry wipes 
              
spill proof solution for portable cleaning
single use applications





complete solutions

brillianize deluxe cleaning kits
          
 unique cleaning fluid
optical grade microfiber cloths
                
ultra plush  suede style towel
high capacity terry style towel 


wet/dry instant detailer wipes


disposable aerospace grade towels
          
9.75" x 11.75" napkin folded
15" x 13.5" quarter folded
17" x 17" quarter folded




 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 





 
 
watch brillianize on jay leno's garage
watch brillianize how-to videos on 
go to the brillianize youtube channel.
 
download our ghs compliant safety data sheet
 
 




â© 2021 all rights reserved.
 
 
 
 
all products | bottles | combination packages | complete kits | cloths









