




  






home - farmington chamber of commerce, nm



































 


















 

    





















member login









member directory

















































pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events



































home
business directory

new chamber members

member application
membership benefits
business resources
marketing opportunities



community partners


city of farmington

city of farmington website
city of farmington newsletter


four corners economic development
san juan county
convention & visitors bureau
enterprise center
small business development center
wesst
farmington municipal schools
film four corners



the chamber

about us
board of directors
staff
contact us
info request
communications
committees



events

community events


4 corners energy conference
member login


menu
 home
 business directory
 new chamber members
-- member application
-- membership benefits
-- business resources
-- marketing opportunities
 community partners
 city of farmington
---- city of farmington website
---- city of farmington newsletter
-- four corners economic development
-- san juan county
-- convention & visitors bureau
-- enterprise center
-- small business development center
-- wesst
-- farmington municipal schools
-- film four corners
 the chamber
-- about us
-- board of directors
-- staff
-- contact us
-- info request
-- communications
-- committees
 events
-- community events
 4 corners energy conference
 member login































































































































































































































































































































































































hb11, paid family medical leave survey











as part of our continuing mission to advocate for our chamber members, the farmington chamber of commerce is closely monitoring hb11, paid family medical leave, and wants to hear from you, our members, business owners and non-profit organizations. i am sharing this survey with you on behalf of the pfml coalition. please take a moment to read the information below and respond to the brief survey using the survey link below. your input and feedback are very important to us as we continue to share information about hb11 and other legislation that could affect our local and regional business community.
 
as you may be aware, the new mexico state legislature is considering hb 11, which proposes paid family and medical leave legislation. this bill, which has not undergone any significant changes from last year, poses potential challenges for many businesses in our community.
 
to effectively represent the concerns of our business community, we are conducting a survey aimed at gathering insights and opinions from organizations like yours. the data collected will be invaluable in demonstrating the collective stance of businesses regarding this proposed regulation.
 
here is the business survey
















welcome to farmington chamber of commerce, new mexico
located in the northwest corner of the state, farmington, new mexico, is a wonderful place to live and do business. farmington is part of san juan county which covers 5,560 square miles. great shopping opportunities, progressive schools, state of the art medical facilities, and friendly people are all reasons to love sunny farmington, new mexico.
farmington is a community that energizes the life journeys of outdoor lovers and active families.




















































click here to view the 2024 annual report!


























new members
















































brochure about retirement in nw new mexico 












 



































chairman circle members





















     
 

 
      
     
         
     
      



















join the chamber





















who we arean association established to further the business interests of its community. incorporated as a 501(c) (6). the chamber is not part of local, state, or federal goverment, though we do partner with different organizations to help accomplish goals.















what we dopromotes commercial and industrial activities
works to improve the economic and civic vitality of our community
sponsors programs that promote community development
provides creative business leadership to help solve community problems
 
 
















what we do for our members
provide networking opportunities

recommend member businesses

promote the community

work to ensure a friendly business climate 


 

























chamber office hours



monday through thursday
9:00am to 4:00pm
friday
9:00am to 3:00pm
saturday & sunday
closed






















contact us!






 
farmington chamber of commerce
5101 college blvd
quality center for business
farmington, nm 87402
(505) 325-0279
chamber@gofarmington.com
 































































































 
copyright © 2023 | all rights reserved. | powered by chambermaster software.













   






























 


