g. wayne miller: home   





         








storyteller

national tv and radio

story in the public square tv and radio broadcasts year-round from our flagship station, rhode island pbs, in providence, rhode island, bringing some of america's finest authors, poets, artists, filmmakers, journalists, musicians, still photographers, scholars and other great storytellers to television, 
the web and nationally on siriusxm satellite radio. we also podcast every episode on itunes, spotify and other channels. we have been honored to receive  multiple telly awards  for our program. also, we have been honored with the newport historical society's first history starts here award.

following the september 2018 coast-to-coast launch, the program as of december 2024 is carried in 22 of the top 25 markets in america, 44 of the top 50, and 82 of the top 100, with nearly 84% of national coverage and more than 450 weekly airings. the 14th national season began in january 2025. i co-host and co-executive produce with  jim ludes. 


burnt cove

my 22nd book, a novel, will be published soon. for a chance to win an autographed copy and more, email pascoagwriter@gmail.com and write "burnt cove" in the subject field.




life happened

my latest screenplay.




follow me on instagram,

and on  facebook  and  linkedin. 




asylum: book two of the thunder rise trilogy

published in may 2024: the paperback edition of the second horror novel set in the haunted shadow of thunder rise.




king of hearts is still in print, in paperback, kindle and audio

first published in 2000. the true story of the maverick who pioneered open heart surgery.




unfit to print: a modern media satire

my 21st published book, from crossroad press, based on my four-plus decades as a professional journalist. published in the fall of 2023. available in print, ebook and audiobook editions.  order unfit. 




toy wars is now available in audio!

toy wars: the epic struggle between g.i. joe, barbie and the companies that make them, a critically acclaimed, best-selling book that has withstood the test of time, is now available as an audio book. check it out!  get the audio version. 




ocean state stories

in november, 2022, i left my longtime position as a staff writer for the providence journal to found, direct and write for ocean state stories,  an awarding-winning non-profit, nonpartisan media outlet based at salve regina university's pell center. our focus is journalism about issues that often are neglected or under-reported - stories that explore healthcare, education, public policy, socioeconomic and racial disparities and injustices, domestic violence, food and housing insecurities, the environment, agriculture, ageism, suicide prevention, mental health, veterans affairs, and developmental and intellectual disabilities, among others. they are told with data, expert input, and, importantly, the personal experiences of rhode islanders. we began publishing on february 7, 2023, and have published weekly ever since.




traces of mary

published in 2022 by crossroad press: "traces of mary," my 20th published book. this is just one of the many great reviews: "in the best tradition of stephen king and robert r. mccammon, 'traces of mary' expertly blends genres to fashion a world drenched in chaos that mirrors the condition of mary's soul in this psychedelic mindbender of a tale" - usa today bestselling author jon land. 
the bottom line: as a city is engulfed in mayhem, events race toward a stunning conclusion in "traces of mary," a one-of-a-kind mix of horror, science-fiction, thriller and mystery. order kindle and print editions! or if you prefer: the audio version, narrated by the great voiceover artist chris kenworthy!




blue hill

published in 2020, by crossroad press: blue hill, my 19th published book, in kindle, print and audio editions, available from amazon, barnes & noble, indigo, booktopia, smashwords and other places order now! about the book: part thriller, part fantasy and farce, blue hill is mostly a novel about who and what matter most in this short life. and the reviews are favorable! with the providence journal calling it "a bold and bracing tale that challenges our perspective and sensibility, 
as it confronts us with the fact that reality is a relative term... while the setup is pure harlan coben or joe finder, the execution is more akin to tom wolfe's farcical approach in
 'the bonfire of the vanities.' at times, that leads to rapid shifts in tone from potential thriller to a kind of parody which works, thanks to miller's elegant command of his story." read the full providence journal review and others at  the reviews page.




the growing season

now in kindle and paperback, one of the most inspirational stories i have ever told. the growing season: frank beazley and the meaning of a life really is a story unlike any other. i am donating all procees from sales to advocates in action rhode island, a wonderful organization. frank would surely approve!



kid number one

my 17th book, "kid number one: a story of heart, soul and business, featuring alan hassenfeld and hasbro," was published in hardcover and kindle and nook editions on september 24, 2019. read an excerpt, see exclusive photos, order the book from amazon, barnes and noble, 
and elsewhere,  check out the facebook page. and follow @kid_number on twitter. 



now back in print: toy wars!

first published in 1998 and quickly a critically acclaimed best-seller, "toy wars: the epic struggle between g.i. joe, barbie and the companies that make them,"
was republished in october 2019 in both kindle and paperback editions. this is the book that sets the stage for "kid number one" -- the book that usa today called "a story that has everything: strong, handsome men, beautiful and equally strong women, corporate intrigue and family secrets" and
the new york times called "an absorbing, lively chronicle of a family-owned company and its inanimate offspring... entertaining and informative... engagingly written."
 order the audio, kindle and paperback editions through the g. wayne miller books page.



#33stories
a story a day in the month of may 2018:  a retrospective of some of my non-newspaper work timed to coincide with my first major sale of a fiction piece, which was published in may 1985. every day in may 2018, i published an excerpt or an entirety of a work produced away from the day job from 1985 through 2018, roughly in chronological order, and with background as appropriate: short stories, books, screenplays, treatments and films. some were previously published, others not. so some days, you could look into the trunk. 
thirty-three years ago, #33stories. a bit contrived, yes. a bit interesting, hopefully. of course, may has 31 days. i published no. 32 on june 1, and no. 33 on june 12, a day of particular significance to me. read! go to the table of contents for #33stories.





public service journalism
in 2011, i wrote  the war on terror: coming home, a providence journal series, my 16th, on veterans of the wars in iraq and afghanistan.  the documentary from the series,  coming home, won a  regional edward r. murrow award and was nominated for a  new england emmy. 
another public-service initiative in which i played a key role is the journal's 2012 examination of the ailing rhode island economy in the  reninvent rhode island series. in february 2013, we published  a 12-day commemorative series marking the 10th anniversary of the station nightclub fire that killed 100; the journal was a finalist for the 2004 pulitzer prize in public service for its coverage of the tragedy.
in 2013, we published   #ewave: the digital revolution, a continuing series about the impact of technology on our lives. our 2014 contribution was  middle class squeeze, another year-long look at the economy through the prism of personal stories and an election year. 
our 2015 effort was race in rhode island, an 
in-depth exploration of one of the most pressing issues of our time. started in 2014 and continuing into 2017:  mental health in rhode island. 

story in the public square
i am director and co-founder of the story in the public square initiative at salve regina university's pell center in newport, r.i. this year-round program  to study, celebrate and practice storytelling in american politics and culture was established in 2012 and formally launched with  a day-long conference  on april 12, 2013, featuring former u.s. sen. gary hart and 
two-time pulitzer winner dana priest, of the washington post. the second-annual story day, on april 11, 2014, was also
a great success. our theme was moving images, featuring pell prize winner and keynote speaker danny strong, the emmy-winning actor, producer and screenwriter of the butler, recount, game change and the mockingjay hunger games finale. in june 2015, 

we honored best-selling author lisa genova with the third annual  pell center prize 
 for story in the public square. our fourth annual winner was pulitzer- and world press photo-winning war photographer and documentary filmmaker
 javier manzano, who received his award in newport on june 21, 2016. our fith winner was 
oscar-nominated and peabody-winning documentary filmmaker daphne matziaraki, who received her award in newport on june 5, 2017, and appeared on
 story in the public square tv and radio the weekend of june 24, 2017. pulitzer-winning new york times staff writer and bestselling author dan barry was our 2018 winner and he appeared on story in the public square the weekend of may 5, 2018. see the  list of all winners.
documentary
i write and produce feature-length documentaries, including on the lake: life and love in a distant place, about the tuberculosis epidemic of 1900s america and globally today, nominated for a new england emmy and broadcast nationally on pbs, and behind the hedgerow: eileen slocum and the meaning of newport society, about today's old-money newport, a world whose roots lie in the gilded age of vanderbilts and astors, also aired on pbs. the third documentary 
i wrote and co-produced is  coming home, based on my fall 2011 journal series. it premiered online dec. 29, 2011, and was broadcast on  rhode island pbs march 26, 2012, and later dates.
coming home won a  regional edward r. murrow award and was nominated for a  new england emmy. 

other films
in the short-documentary category, i shoot, edit and produce a variety of films, on such major topics as alzheimer's disease and neuroscience research, and less-significant (but nonetheless entertaining!) things as jelly fish meet autos, antique cars, and 'proof of heaven,' shot at some 30,000 feet. not really proof of heaven... or is it?! all are on 

 my youtube channel. 

the original story tv
on february 13, 2016, story in the public square debuted on national and overseas public television as a monthly feature of the long-running show white house chronicle. in the inaugural show, pell center head jim ludes and i, cohosts, discussed the stories and storytellers who were interviewed,
starting with bestselling author august cole the weekend of march 5, 2016, and pulitzer prize-winning author and new york times staff writer dan barry the weekend of march 26, 2016. links to subsequent broadcasts, including hasbro ceo brian goldner, brown university professor of africana studies and hip-hop author tricia rose, javier manzano, and raina kelley, of espn's the undefeated, can be found here. this was the precursor to the 2017 story in the public square pbs tv and siriusxm satellite radio, now nationally broadcast. 
archives
in my work, i have been privileged to receive access to significant people who are not always -- if ever -- accessible to all. only a percentage of information they have shared with me makes it into my books and movies, so in the interests of open scholarship, i have donated hundreds of my original and exclusive taped interviews to historical organizations that will preserve them for others. my nascar collection is housed at  appalachian state university's belk library in boone, north carolina. my newport society collection is at  the redwood library & athenaeum in newport, rhode island. my medical pioneers collection is at  
the center for the history of medicine, at the harvard medical school's countway library of medicine in boston. and in 2013, i donated some of my remaining archival material, including materials from my book 
 king of hearts, my frank beazley series, the growing season and my documentary on the lake to the university of rhode island library  special collections and archives department.

human hands now digital and audio

the los angeles times called the work of human hands: hardy hendren and surgical wonder at children's hospital "a song of suffering and redemption that is harrowing to read and impossible to forget." updated to autumn 2012, with all-new introduction, epilogue and photos, from crossroad press.
find on kindle
find on nook
the audio book, from audible.com


connect
read about my writing, writing-related events, and more of what i do at my blog. i post regularly. find me on facebook.  and on bluesky, i am @gwaynemiller@bsky.social



the works
for the g. wayne miller bibliography and videography, click here.

literary and screen representation
michael prevett

circle management and production
8931 ellis ave.
los angeles, ca 90034
(310) 691-7000
new york: (212) 343-0069








  contents copyright © 1997-2024 g. wayne miller






