 



 




 cmostomy supplies




































englishespañol






home
products

colo-majic liners

colo-majic liners
what the liners do for you
how to use the liners (video)
faq
tips


dry pro

dry pro
dry pro video
dry pro sizes
dry pro faq




our company
our blog
contact us
shop


home
colo-majic flushable liners
dry pro
our company
our blog
contact us
shop
englishespañol










 













































 
















colo-majic liners -a revolutionary product which brings freedom of movement and an expanded lifestyle to ostomates. live,work and travel with more confidence and less stress by simplifying the process.






"these liners have changed my life! what a tremendous difference the liners make. i have regained my freedom & independence. i'm finding out that the world is still out there, better than ever. i can't thank you enough for advising me to try the liners. now, i won't leave home without them and nothing stops me now. thank you for your dedication to improving the quality of life for ostomates."– c&m customer
oh wow! these liners have changed my life! what a tremendous difference the liners make. i love the liners and have regained my freedom and independence. i would have begged off to stay closer to home. not anymore! i'm finding out that the world is still out there and better than ever. i can't thank your company enough for advising me to try the liners. now, i won't leave home without them and nothing stops me now. –c&m customer
i have only good comments about the liners and pouch covers. i use them continuously, day and night, at home or out. i just do not want to ever have to clean another bag again. this solution is sooooooo clean.–c&m customer
the pouch support belt has greatly improved my lifestyle. no longer do i have to worry about the bag getting caught or the appliance ripping off. the appliance is kept secure with no restrictions and is comfortable and very discrete. i can't imagine how i would have been able to make it through those months with a bag without your help. –c&m customer








 
useful links

c&m policy

legal

glossary

travel certificate

ostomy webring




 
resources

european ostomy association

international ostomy association

phoenix magazine

united ostomy association of america

united ostomy association of canada

wound ostomy & continence nurses society 




 
additional links

healing well

living with ostomy

coloplast

hollister

convatec

living with a stoma






facebook
linkedin
pinterest
twitter
youtube



 






 back to top 


2025 c&m ostomy supplies | all rights reserved 

designed and managed by dyna process




































