



crossing east public radio documentary







 





store
programs
archive
producers
scholars
artists
stations
community
resources












crossing east:
our stories, our history, our america
the first public radio series on asian american history.
eight one-hour documentaries on the many waves of asian immigration into this country and their impact on the making of america.
winner of the george foster peabody award
(more here)
produced by peabody award-winning producer dmae roberts and mediarites.
audio & downloads for stations 
stations that have aired crossing east
what's new
crossing east at the peabody event!
oregonian article--crossing east wins peabody!!
dmae roberts receives major fellowship!! 
crossing east cds signed by george takei or margaret cho for sale! 
                          crossing east 8-cd set for sale! 





crossing east: relations

crossing east: relations is a one-hour documentary special produced by dmae roberts, executive producer of mediarites’ crossing east series with robynn takayama and alan montecillo. the documentary addresses aapis and the model minority myth and the historic relationship between aapis and african americans. as part of a 10th anniversary celebration of the peabody-winning radio series crossing east, which aired on 230 public radio stations around the country we’ve been producing this documentary as well gathering more than 100 hours of oral history recordings for the crossing east archive.
find out more at mediarites.org.


crossing east archive project
more than 10 years ago, mediarites debuted crossing east, (our stories, our history, our america), the first and to date only asian american/pacific islander history series on public radio.
we have embarked on an exciting project to save more than 100 hours of oral history recordings gathered for this groundbreaking peabody award-winning radio series hosted by george takei and margaret cho.
our goal is to put all the interviews, transcripts and photos online for the public to use for educational purposes. this act of preservation is called the crossing east archive project.
mediarites has been awarded funding from the oregon arts commission, the oregon cultural trust, the regional arts and culture council , the multnomah county cultural coalition and the pge foundation to begin building the multimedia crossing east archive. we will also create two event projects to celebrate the 10th anniversary year.

read more...
 
visit the crossing east archive project >


crossing east prx page 
crossing east pri page





find your local public radio station
                                        (opens in new window)
subscribe to the crossing east email list





















 get involved

pick something to see...
flash movies
podcast
events
store
downloads! 
slideshows



 get informed 

pick a program...
#1 - first contacts
#2 - frontier asians
#3 - raising cane
#4 - exclusion & resistance
#5 - brides & children
#6 - the post '65 generation
#7 - refuge from war
#8 - new waves, new storms
music features









more things to see...
flash movies on ing 'doc' hay, refugee dreams, and hawaiians in the pacific northwest and with slideshows for each crossing east show. 
5 minute music features on asian american artists 
download the crossing east poster 
do you know these facts? quiz yourself on asian american history... 

















the legacy of ing 'doc' hay 


daran kravanh: surviving pol pot, with music


pidgin english 


kanaka village: hawaiians in the pacific northwest 


cambodian deportation: andrew's story 


hear segments aired on npr's 'day to day' program 










contact us
home
support us







© 2006 mediarites 


 
hosted by 
 
              george takei

              margaret cho 

major funding 
              provided by 

              the corporation for public broadcasting 

with additional 
              support from 
 
              national endowment for the arts 

oregon council 
              for the humanities
underwriting support from 

 





 


 
 


