







get out of debt. build credit. reach new summits. - credit summit






















































 












		skip to content




 






 





main menu
 


debt consolidationmenu toggle

credit card consolidation payday loan consolidation student loan consolidation
debt reliefmenu toggle

understanding debt settlement debt settlement companies credit card relief credit card debt forgiveness
loansmenu toggle

best personal loans for debt consolidation auto repair loans hardship loans for bad credit small loans cash advance apps
 

 
 







 




















get out of debt.  build credit.  reach your summit.










expert financial advice for those who need it the most.















 










payday loan relief









 










debt consolidation









 










credit counseling














 










student loan help









 










debt relief
















































get on the road to financial freedom






honest, actionable advice to help ordinary people get out of debt.










researched, written and fact-checked by experts 










written in plain english so anybody can understand 










readers first - advertisers never influence our articles 









 

join our mailing list


actionable, weekly financial tips for everyday people.  unsubscribe any time.
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.subscribe 








join our mailing list







































getting out of payday loan debt.










view all










every year, nearly 12 million americans take out a payday loan, any many fall into the endless payday loan trap.  it's not easy, but it is possible to get out of payday loans without declaring bankruptcy.








 

 



15 ways to get out of payday loan debt for good


getting out of payday debt is tough but possible. here’s how to […]






 

 



16 alternatives to payday loans with no credit check


according to the center for responsible lending, there are more payday lenders […]






 

 



how do payday loans work? learn the dangers


more than 12 million americans take out a payday loan each year. […]






 

 



payday loan interest rates: they’re higher than they seem


payday loans are notorious for their high interest rates. but how high […]






























navigating student loans









americans owe over 1.6 trillion in student loan debt, and with 69% of college students taking out student loans, the problem only gets worse and worse.  read on for ways to make student debt less burdensome.







 

 




student loan consolidation: when should you consider it?



whether you’ve got federal loans or private loans, student loan consolidation is an option that […]





 

 




struggling to keep up with payments? here are the best student loan refinancing options



in 2021, the average person with student loans owed $37,113 and had to make monthly payments of […]





 

 




easy guide to student loan forgiveness: what you need to know



in 2020, america’s collective outstanding student loan balance reached $1.56 trillion. to put that into […]

































demystifying payday loan debt










view all











knowledge is power when it comes to getting out of payday loan debt.  here's what payday lenders don't want you to know.











 

 



11 cash advance apps that are better than payday loans + tips for borrowing [updated nov. 2023]



posted in
cash advances, loans 


if you think a payday loan is your only option, think again. a cash advance app — […]















 

 




how do payday loans affect your credit score?



if you’re in a tight spot financially, you might turn to payday loans to help […]





 

 




can you go to jail for not paying a payday loan?



although taking out a payday loan may seem like a quick solution to a temporary […]





 

 




can a payday loan company sue you?



payday lenders make all sorts of threats, but can they actually follow through and take […]

























credit cards: the good, the bad, the ugly







credit cards can be a great financial tool, can also lead you into a debt trap.  here's what you need to know about using credit cards, the right way.









 

 



14 ways to get out of credit card debt without destroying your credit



posted in
credit cards, debt relief 






 

 



8 effective ways to consolidate credit card debt



posted in
debt consolidation 






 

 



here are 10 of the best credit-builder loans to boost your credit score



posted in
credit, credit repair 






 

 



need to build your credit back up? try these secured credit cards + how to use them



posted in
credit 






























industry statistics







up to date facts and figures of all areas of lending.











view all












 

 



key u.s. payday loan debt statistics: what everyone needs to know



posted in
payday loans 






 

 



u.s. credit card debt statistics & data – updated 2020



posted in
statistics 






 

 



u.s. bankruptcy statistics & data – updated 2022



posted in
statistics 






 

 



american consumer debt statistics – updated 2020



posted in
statistics 






























debt relief: understand your options










view all










there are many debt relief options available for those struggling with their finances.  how do you know which one is right for you? learn more about debt relief and how to break the borrowing cycle.








 

 



debt consolidation: how to escape the debt trap


if you’re struggling to make multiple minimum monthly payments or are turning […]






 

 



debt settlement: is it the fastest way to get out of debt?


the average american has a little over $90,000 in consumer debt, though […]






 

 



8 best debt relief companies to get the help you need


americans racked up more than $180 billion in credit card debt in […]






 

 



6 best debt settlement companies of 2023


over 84% of adults in the u.s. have credit cards, and credit […]






























lender reviews










view all










fast cash may seem appealing at the time, but think twice about who you borrow from.  stay away from predatory tribal lenders, and consider alternatives like cash advance apps instead.








 

 



bright lending review: read before you borrow


taking out a bright lending loan can lead to a not-so-bright future. […]






 

 



majestic lake financial review: read before you borrow


editor’s note: majestic lake financial is no longer funding new loans, but […]






 

 



american web loan review: read before you borrow


personal loans are often a great way to meet unexpected needs. of […]






 

 



big picture loans review: read before you borrow


whether you need $500 to have a tooth pulled or $2,000 to […]



















 







payday loan helppayday loan relief
getting out of payday debt
jail for payday loans
what are payday loans?
having multiple payday loans
best online payday loans
 

getting out of debttribal loans
repaying payday loans
payday loans and credit scores
payday loan scams
getting out of payday debt
credit counseling
 

lender reviewsbright lending review
majestic lake financial review
mobiloans review
american web loans review
big picture loans review
plain green loans review
 

statisticsstudent loan debt statistics
us credit card debt statistics
us bankruptcy statistics
microfinance statistics
consumer debt statistics
payday loan debt statistics
 










student debtbest student loan refinancing options
jail for student loan default?
best private student loans
student loan consolidation
student loan forgiveness
 




 *credit summit or its partners may contact you by phone, sms, or email at the email address or phone number you provide, including for marketing purposes. credit summit may earn a commission for services you purchase by following a link on credit summit‘s site.
please see the terms and conditions and privacy policy for more information.

 
 










scroll to top









































