




kyudo: japanese archery














































dedicated to the art and practice of kyudo, traditional japanese archery
















all text and images on kyudo.com are copyrighted © and may not be used in any form without the express written permission of dan and jackie deprospero






kyudo.com is committed to the instruction and advancement of kyudo, traditional japanese archery.
							the site is maintained by dan and jackie deprospero, co-authors with their teacher, hideharu onuma, of the books kyudo: the essence and practice of japanese archery and illuminated spirit: conversations with a kyudo master. see below for a list of selected kyudo related websites hosted by kyudo.com































meishin kyudojo
					the meishin kyudojo is the personal dojo of dan and jackie deprospero. the site is a knowledge base for the instruction of kyudo and includes sections on technique, history, philosophy, equipment and resources for the study of kyudo.





books by hideharu onuma and
						dan and jackie deprospero













choose...
meishin kyudojo
presenters
about kyudo
history
spirit
technique
equipment
resources
lessons
images











asahi america
					an online catalog for the purchase of quality japanese kyudo equipment and supplies imported from asahi archery co., ltd., tokyo, japan. japanese bows (yumi), arrows (ya), archer's gloves (yugake), kyudo practice uniforms (keiko gi and kimono) and kyudo accessories. we sell only the finest kyudogu (kyudo equipment) hand crafted by japan's top kyudogu makers.





click on image to access book page











choose...
asahi america
introduction
resources
bows
strings & covers
arrows
nocks & quivers
gloves
clothing
accessories
ordering













american kyudo renmei
					resource for u.s. organizations, instructors and events operating under the auspices of the international kyudo federation (ikyf) and the all nippon kyudo federation (ankf)








choose...
akr
arizona
florida
georgia
indiana
kentucky
minnesota
nevada
north carolina
northern california
south carolina
southern california
texas
virginia
washington
wisconsin














top












this site is maintained by dan and jackie deprospero, co-authors with their teacher, hideharu onuma hanshi, of the books
kyudo: the essence and practice of japanese archery and illuminated spirit: conversations with a kyudo master

http://www.kyudo.com.html—revised june 2019
									copyright © 1998 dan and jackie deprospero






















































