









home - hampton house auctions



































we have a new location! 3301 hampton highway suite p & q, yorktown va. our phone is still 757-723-4459









follow










home
about us

our team
faq
gallery
community events
for sale


sellers

business property
estate property
transitions & moving


our services

estate services
appraisals
total home clean-out


auctions
bidding
contact












 











transitions are never easy.we’re here to help.







auction house hampton roads
hampton house auctions works with and serves the needs of attorneys, fiduciaries, executors, real estate agents, banks and trustees, as well as the most important person – you – the individual client!
integrity, service, and excellence
our experience, professional team can be trusted to support your transitionneeds and assist our clients in every step of the estate process!

talk to amory







about us



auctions















estate services



appraisals















total home clean-out



contact us















!
upcoming auctions and events
 
 
 
 
 





how to bid video tutorial



bid on live auctions







estate services & auction house in hampton roads

hampton house is the go-to auction and estate service company in virginia. we are a team of professionals in the hampton roads region who help our clients achieve success.
we offer more than just auctions – we provide resources to help you downsize and sell your estate. our team has over twenty years of experience, so you can trust that you’re in good hands.
let hampton house help you resolve your estate quickly and easily. we’ll take care of everything for you so that you can move on with your life. plus, our auctions are some of the most popular in the state and throughout the country – so you know your belongings will be in good hands.
guided by the founding principle – “we do not buy – we advise” – a client of hampton house has the assurance that their property will be professionally handled and presented and marketed. whether the fine art, antiques, furniture, jewelry, coins, or firearms, just to name a few areas of concern our clients have had, hampton house has always strived to maximize the value of property to the benefit of the client.







 












info@hhauctions.com
757.723.4459



hampton house3301 hampton highway, suite p & qyorktown va 23693



bid now







site developed by fresh look web design



 













