



wholesale suppliers directory wholesalers, trade distributors, importers


























































skip to content 





 

advertise now
 





menu 
home
categories
sectors
trade shows
advertise
about
testimonials
news
insights
 















wholesale directory of uk distributors, suppliers and products.
looking to buy wholesale products? finding a wholesaler can seem like a difficult endeavour, but it does not have to be.
a to z list of wholesalers that can connect you with the manufacturers and products your business needs to buy wholesale at bulk prices.

a to z wholesale suppliers









 food and drink wholesalers        food/drink


  clothing & fashions wholesale suppliers      clothing


  jewellery wholesalers            jewellery


 giftware wholesaler          giftware


 celebration & occasions wholesale supplier             seasonal


  created with fabric.js 1.7.22               beauty




search for suppliers by clicking a category link



adult
antiques & reproductions
aromatherapy products
art & craft materials
baby & nursery goods
badges & pins
bags & handbags
basketware
bath products
bathroom accessories
batteries
bedding and bed linen
belts & buckles
books
bridal & bridalwear
candles suppliers
celebration & occasions
ceramics
cleaning products
clearance & stocklots
clocks
clothing & fashions
collectables wholesale
computers & accessories
cosmetics
crystals
cushions & soft furnishings
desk accessories
disposable tableware
diet and nutritional supplements
display cabinets




dolls
dropshippers
e-cigarettes
electrical goods
electronics & communications
ethnic products
eco-friendly products
fabric wholesale
fancy dress
fair trade
fashion accessories
festive & christmas
flags and bunting
floral items wholesale
food & drink
fridge magnets
football
footwear
furniture
gadgets & innovations
garden & leisure
gems, fossils & minerals
gifts & giftware
golf wholesalers
glow products
greetings cards
haberdashery
hair accessories
hats & headwear
health & beauty




home & garden
housewares
incense
ipods/ipads
interior decor
jewellery wholesalers
keyrings
kitchenware
labelling
lamps & lighting
leather goods
licensed products
lifestyle
lighters
maternity
made in the uk
mind, body and spirit
mini motos & quads
mirrors
mobile phones
musical instruments
museum and heritage
new age products
novelties
outdoor goods
packaging suppliers
party products
pastimes and hobbies
pens & pen sets
pest control
pet products
perfume
pharmacy




photo albums
photo & picture frames
prints & posters
£1 lines
promotional & personalised
purses and wallets
retail equipment
rugs and floorcoverings
reading glasses
religious items
shopfittings
reusable shopping bags
salon supplies
scarves wholesalers
smoking paraphernalia
souvenirs
sports goods
stationery
sunglasses & eyewear
sweets & confectionery
textiles
tents and camping
toiletries
tools & diy wholesale
toys & games
travel goods
umbrellas
vaping
vegan
wall art and murals
watches
wedding favours




if you want to buy wholesale, you can use this site entirely free of charge.




wholesale food & grocery
food & grocery section covers everything from cash & carry wholesalers through to suppliers of specialist food and drink products to cater for the farm shop and delicatessens. producers of vegetarian fare, gluten and dairy free. alcoholic drinks bakery, beverages, cash and carry desserts


wholesale clothing 2025
shop wholesale clothing from thousands of brands. for retailers shopping for wholesale boutique products. with the latest clothing and fashion industry trends at competitive prices and also celeb-inspired range. retail service. huge bulk order discounts unique garments for bulk orders.


wholesale smart home devices
give your customers access to leading smart home products like smart doorbells plus the tech allows homeowners to control appliances, thermostats, lights, and other devices remotely using a smartphone or voice


wholesale gardening 2025
as green-fingered gardeners venture outside, the opportunity is there for businesses to grab a slice of the wholesale garden market in the uk in the run-up to spring. stock for planting and growing accessories, garden tools, pest killers and bbq






how to find the best wholesale suppliers uk
established in 1999, the wholesaler uk is an online business directory for retailers who are looking for products and stock to resell. you will find hundreds of suppliers listed within the categories. we only link to genuine wholesale suppliers who hold stock in the uk, supply in quantities suitable for an independent retailer and have supplied us with verifiable contact details.
finding a wholesale distributor
a wholesaler is a company that purchases products from manufacturers and resells them to other companies, such as retailers, stores, and ecommerce shops. the wholesaler does not own a store; instead, it provides merchandise to your small business, which you then sell to clients.
wholesale distributors are crucial in linking manufacturers and store owners, whether you run a brick-and-mortar business or an e-commerce site.





reboot your wholesale sales & marketing quickly & affordably with b2b advertising. rebound from the downturn with fresh ideas that generate new leads








mastering the art of wholesale diamante jewellery sales
in the ever-evolving uk jewellery market, diamante pieces continue to captivate consumers with their affordability and sparkle. as a wholesaler,



impressing in your new job
believe it or not, the secret sauce to impressing in your new wholesale or retail job isn’t in the big gestures; it’s in the subtleties that most overlook.



six tips on attracting talent for small businesses
imagine you’re a small business, much like the now-famous local coffee shop down the street that transformed from a hidden



 















grow your business
we empower big and small businesses across the uk to market themselves directly to retailers, independent shops, market traders and online stores. 



do you qualify









if you're looking for product manufacturers, drop shippers, wholesale importers or distributors of wholesale merchandise in the united kingdom, we're your best bet for finding uk suppliers faster than ever. 
we look to verify and authenticate suppliers to improve and maintain ethical standards throughout supply chains from wholesale to retail.


links


trader uk
about
testimonials
advertise with us
adult products
countrywear clothing wholesalers


prices
wholesale faqs
cookies
privacy policy
terms of use
retailers faq




locations
london
edinburgh
manchester
birmingham
liverpool

facebook
twitter




the wholesaler uk registered office:bronsens, albion street, chipping norton, oxfordshire ox7 5bhcompany registration no: 5631568 england and wales, vat no. 875861669© 1999 - 2025 the wholesaler for wholesalers & trade suppliers all rights reserved.made with 💛 ©  amd wholesale web design and marketing.










