ncca accredited exams
ncca accredited examrecertificationformsaboutfaqsign in0receive the credential you need!use the ncca accredited exam to elevate your status.achieve employment requirements and goals.broadly accepted.ncca accredited nccpt examthe national council for certified personal trainers (nccpt) has been supplying the fitness industry with certified fitness professionals for over twenty years!nccpt certified personal trainer (nccpt-cpt) examthe national council for certified personal trainers (nccpt) certification program is designed to validate expertise in personal training. accredited by the national commission for certifying agencies (ncca), the nccpt-cpt certification signifies that the holder possesses the knowledge and skills to provide authoritative fitness training and demonstrates mastery of the essential areas of personal training. by fulfilling the requirements and passing the nccpt certification exam, individuals can confidently showcase their professional competence in the field of personal training.add to carttestingexam information and eligibility criteriaonly candidates achieving a passing score may use the nccpt-cpt designation.the nccpt certified personal trainer exam is designed to test knowledge on industry standards and as such is not exclusive to any study material, study guides, and/or preparatory courses or certifications. the nccpt board does not endorse, support, nor participate in the preparation of exam study packages and/or materials and the participation, completion or purchase of any such exam preparatory study packages or materials is not required to sit for an nccpt exam, nor do any such items guarantee the earning of a passing score on the exam. additional information may be found in the nccpt exam policies and procedures manual.all nccpt certification exams are administered by prometric, a leading provider of technology-enabled testing and assessment solutions. candidates may choose to test on-site at a prometric testing center or via remote online proctoring. information on scheduling the exam may be found here. nccpt exam candidates have up to 12 months to sit for their exam from the date of purchase, which can be extended for an additional six months at no charge. a candidate can pay an additional fee to extend exam eligibility for six more months if needed. a new exam voucher must be purchased after two years.candidates must be at least 18 years of age and are required to provide government issued photo identification (such as a driver's license, passport, military id, etc.) and a valid cpr card (or certificate of completion) prior to taking the exam. a digital cpr certificate will not be accepted. please make sure the name on both your government issued id and proof of cpr match the name in your student account. the nccpt-cpt certification exam contains 140 multiple-choice items, 125 are scored as part of the candidate’s overall results and 15 are considered pre-test items and are not scored. pre-test items are used for research and development of future test questions and are interspersed throughout the exam. the exam is not open book/open note.the exam must be completed in two hours and a pass or fail result will be provided upon completion. there is a mandatory waiting period between attempts and a retake fee must be purchased should a candidate desire to retest if a passing score is not achieved.exam schedulingscheduling an exama student must log into their issa student portal to access their eligibility idonce in possession of their eligibility id, exam scheduling for both on site and remote testing may be done here.rescheduling or canceling an examrescheduling or canceling a future exam may be done here. a candidate who missed their exam date and still desires to sit for the exam should contact support@nccpt.com for scheduling information.exam retake/extensioncandidates have twelve months from the date of purchase to sit for the exam or retake it should they fail. candidates wishing to retake the exam must do so within this twelve-month testing window, with a 14-day waiting period following the first attempt and a 90-day waiting period after their second.in the event the candidate fails the exam and the waiting period to retest extends beyond the initial 12-month testing window, candidates may request an additional six-month extension for free. if after 18 months additional time is required, a six-month extension can be purchased for a fee. additional information on retaking an exam may be found here. purchase of the extension does not guarantee exam eligibility. candidates should contact support@nccpt.com if unsure about eligibility or exam deadlines.requesting special accommodationsnccpt complies with the americans with disabilities act of 1990 and other applicable laws and regulations. the nccpt will review and accommodate requests from qualified candidates with a diagnosed disability for accommodation to take an exam if the request is reasonable, does not fundamentally alter the examination or jeopardize exam security. once approved, the nccpt will then make accommodation arrangements with prometric. prometric may charge additional fees based on the candidate's accommodation needs. special accommodations may need to be properly documented and/or proper evidence provided by a physician, health care professional or government agency. contact support@nccpt.com to request special accommodation.cpr/aed certificationonce enrolled, you will complete an online self-paced, interactive, multi-media training course. the online course takes approximately 30 to 60 minutes to complete. after completing your online course, you can immediately download a printable course completion certificate. if you are renewing your cpr/aed certification for employment or insurance purposes, ask your employer or insurance carrier if online cpr/aed is an accepted method of renewal.add to cartfor more information about the program consult the nccpt exam policies and procedures.want to know who we are?meet our certification boardneed help? contact usemail: support@nccpt.comlearnncca accredited examsrecertificationhelpformsverify a certificateaboutfaqsfeesprivacy policycertification statsfollow us!how to become a certified personal trainerlearn morehow to become a certified personal trainerlearn more1applicable taxes and fees are added at checkout.|start for free is available in u.s. and canada only.|quebec tax registration number: nr00037753.|canada simplified gst/hst business number:711256701rt0001© 2024 the national council for certified personal trainers, all rights reserved.nccpt c/o issa - 11201 n. tatum blvd ste 300 pmb 28048 - phoenix az 85028-6039 - usa  - hours of operationmonday - friday 6am - 5pm pstcookie preferencesterms and conditionsback to top