






home | dcaa-on-demand support | cloud it services | google cloud services | google workspace support
 













































   

















home
google solutions

google products
google cloud next’25


oracle netsuite

govcon essentials
implementation plan
procure to pay
project to cash
record to report
employee center
additional resources


knowledge hub

latest news
white papers
video


about daston

our story
meet our team
our clients
careers


client center

google solution support
netsuite solution support


book consultation
 





select page


  
 



 



 










award winning leader delivering innovative technology solutions








smart companies know that integrated cloud-based software and solutions can make them more efficient while saving valuable time and money. the challenge? selecting the best solutions for their specific needs and integrating them into their business processes.
daston’s experienced google and netsuite certified project management professionals will consult with you to understand your needs, hand-pick the best technology tailored to your organization, and customize a solution to transform your business, all while keeping your data secure.

learn more 











google solutions 
daston is an award winning google workspace premier partner, google cloud partner specializing in google workspace solutions, cloud licensing, and google certified professional support services.

learn more 









govcon essentials 
as a netsuite solution provider and suite-app developer, daston helps you ensure dcaa compliance with tailored, cutting-edge, secure cloud solutions and outsourced accounting services to position you for future success. daston’s suiteapp for netsuite users enhance netsuite financials to allow for dcaa compliance.

learn more 








proof of excellence
at daston, our commitment to client service is unwavering, and excellence is our hallmark. with over three decades of industry experience, we’ve proudly assisted over 1 million end users through more than 10,000 successful engagements. our longstanding dedication to providing top-tier netsuite and google solutions underscores our relentless pursuit of your success.  our client’s success fuels our success!










customers




years in business




successful engagements




end users supported







latest news from daston










 

overcoming dcaa challenges: daston’s suiteapp as a solution

navigating the complexities of defense contract audit agency (dcaa) compliance can be a significant hurdle for federal government contractors using netsuite. the stringent regulations and rigorous audit processes demand meticulous record-keeping, accurate cost... 
read more 







 

streamline your workflow: gemini in google drive now supports folders

in today's fast-paced digital world, staying organized and efficient is more crucial than ever. juggling multiple projects, files, and information can quickly become overwhelming. that's why google continues to innovate and enhance its workspace tools, empowering... 
read more 







 

just announced! google workspace now includes the best of google ai

google workspace empowers businesses with integrated ai in a significant move to democratize access to artificial intelligence (ai), google has announced the integration of its advanced ai capabilities into workspace business and enterprise plans. this means that... 
read more 







 

a year in review – 60 of the biggest ai announcements from google

google ai's 2024 was marked by significant advancements and releases, including the launch of gemini 1.5 and the integration of ai into google search. these developments, along with the creation of new ai tools for the health and education sectors, illustrate google... 
read more 











client center

experience unparalleled client support at daston. our client center is dedicated to ensuring your success by providing timely assistance, expert guidance, and tailored solutions. from troubleshooting to optimization, we’re committed to being your trusted partner every step of the way.






netsuite client center



google support portal 



 











facebook




twitter


 
















