



national association of towns & townships – natat website



























































national association of towns & townships







 







 










 
member resources
federal advocacy
natat membership
natat history
weekly updates
contact
x
 





































1,500 local officials deliver letter to congress opposing bigger tractor-trailers more than 1,500 local government leaders and organizations from across the country, including natat-member... read more 






natat joins coalition urging alternatives to bead broadband grant letter of credit requirement natat and several of its state associations have joined a coalition of almost 300 broadband experts,... read more 






natat opposes truck weight legislation natat voiced its continued opposition to legislation that would allow significant increases to maximum... read more 






natat approves 2023 federal platform the national association of towns and townships board of directors met on february 27 and 28 in washington,... read more 






natat publishes special report previewing the 118th congress congress returned to washington on monday, november 14, for the post-election lame-duck session and will... read more 



 

























a strong voice for america's smaller communities 







 



how we got started 











the national association of towns and townships (natat) was formed more than 40 years ago to provide america’s smaller communities, towns and townships, and other suburban and rural localities a strong voice in washington, dc. eighty-five percent serve communities with less than 10,000 people and nearly half have fewer than 1,000 residents. nearly one-quarter of all americans live in rural areas, approximately the same percentage as live in central cities. 







 



our purpose today 











natat’s purpose today, as it was then, is to champion fair-share federal funding decisions and to promote legislative and regulatory policies designed to strengthen grassroots local government. since 1976, natat’s staff and members have strived to educate lawmakers and other federal officials about the unique nature of small community government operations as well as the need for policies that meet the special needs of suburban and non-metro communities. 







 



our agenda 











as the voice for nearly 10,000 towns and townships across america, natat has developed a proactive federal agenda to ensure that the needs and interests of small communities are reflected in all major federal statutory, regulatory, funding, and policy decisions made in washington. the natat board of directors identified the topics listed under legislative priorities. natat is working in collaboration with the other local government associations, the administration, and congress to achieve these goals. 


























the latest news & publications 























10 january 2023 natat publishes special report previewing the 118th congress congress returned to washington on monday, november 14, for the post-election lame-duck session and will... read more 






05 march 2023 natat approves 2023 federal platform the national association of towns and townships board of directors met on february 27 and 28 in washington,... read more 






11 september 2023 1,500 local officials deliver letter to congress opposing bigger tractor-trailers more than 1,500 local government leaders and organizations from across the country, including natat-member... read more 






11 august 2023 natat opposes truck weight legislation natat voiced its continued opposition to legislation that would allow significant increases to maximum... read more 






22 november 2022 natat publishes special report on lame duck preview & midterm election results congress returned to washington on monday, november 14, for the post-election lame-duck session and will... read more 






06 september 2023 natat joins coalition urging alternatives to bead broadband grant letter of credit requirement natat and several of its state associations have joined a coalition of almost 300 broadband experts,... read more 



 










read this week's latest legislative report 

























legislative report for february 10, 2025














meet natat's board of directors 
















executive director, michigan township association
 




executive director, michigan townships association
 
 



 



ms. heidi fought 



natat president 








executive director, ohio township association
 



 



mr. david sanko 



natat vice president 








executive director, pennsylvania state association of township supervisors
 



 



mr. jerry crabtree 



natat secretary/treasurer 








executive director, township officials of illinois
 



 



mr. neil sheridan 



natat board member 











 




executive director, association of towns of the state of new york
 



mr. chris koetzle 



natat board member 







 




executive director, wisconson towns association
 



mr. mike koles 



natat board member 














 




executive director, minnesota association of townships
 



mr. jeff krueger 



natat board member 







 




executive director/director of governmental affairs, north dakota township officers association
 



mr. larry syverson 



natat board member 












executive director, south dakota association of towns and townships
 



 



ms. terry sletten 



natat board member 


























meet our staff 















 



jennifer imo 



federal director 







 



david hoover 



legislative & policy manager 







 



tina dykstra 



administrative assistant 







 



marcusleen jones 



controller 


























 













contact information 











1901 pennsylvania avenue., n.w. suite 700. washington, d.c. 20006(202) 331−8500© 2022 national association of towns & townships. all rights reserved. website design by shumaker technology group 






 































 

