


































usagm – u.s. agency for global media
























































united states agency for global media

skip to content










							an official website of the united states government


here’s how you know









official websites use .gov

							a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
						






secure .gov websites use https

							a lock (
							

lock
a locked padlock



							) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
						







				menu			



navigation

who we are

mission
history
structure
ceo and entity leadership
international broadcasting advisory board
oversight and legislation
firewall


our work

strategy and results
transmissions and broadcasting
internet freedom
media development
award-winning work


entities

voa
rferl
ocb
rfa
mbn
otf


news

press releases
events
threats to press
press room
research and reports


work with us

contract opportunities
become an affiliate
eeo
careers
internships


searchsearch small 





                                new hq                  usagm signs lease to new downtown dc hq, initiating a move that will save the agency millions                                      threats to press                  trump administration secures release of radio liberty journalist andrey kuznechyk from detention in belarus                                      threats to press                  martí condemns the arrest of oscar elías biscet                                press releases                                                    february 14, 2025                  marc thiessen and ilan berman join rfe/rl board of directors                                     january 17, 2025                  usagm networks reached record global audience in fy 2024, according to new report                                     november 27, 2024                  usagm ceo condemns russia’s conviction of rfe/rl journalist nika novak                       usagm remembers former ceo john lansing                       martí launches groundbreaking new fact-checking service to counter propaganda in cuba                        usagm recognizes courage and journalistic excellence at its 23rd annual david burke awards                       our journalists, under threat                       careers                  the u.s. agency for global media is an independent federal agency overseeing public service media networks that provide unbiased news and information in countries where the press is restricted.                  rumors, myths and untruths -- there are many things people misunderstand about the u.s. international media. here is a guide to the facts.                  learn more about our firewall and the editorial independence of our networks and their journalists.        






confirm external link

            are you sure you want to navigate to this external domain?
            

cancel
continue












foiaig hotlineprivacy policyusa.govopen govaccessibility vulnerability disclosure policyartificial intelligenceemployee resources and guidelinescontact us 

























