



mls flat rate listing for $195. for sale by owner (fsbo), home, land or rental flat fee mls listing.
























































 list here  /   home 






 select premium properties, inc. 




service@selectpremiumprop.com












 




list here
contact us
about us
testimonials
home







 





mls listing plus 100's of websites for $195!






 

listing express.com has become express mls listings.com
covering northern & central virginia, maryland, southeast pennsylvania
list here!






 

carolina listing express.com has become express mls listings.com
covering most of north carolina and eastern south carolina
list here!







georgia listing express.com has become express mls listings.com
covering major metropolitan areas in georgia
list here!










 testimonials
what people say



this service is fantastic! i have now used it to sell my last two homes and saved thousands of dollars! thank you so much!
george - marietta, ga


thanks for your excellent services.â communication was excellent, questions were answered quickly.â staff were friendly, and extremely helpful.
wanda - angier, nc


we had a great experience with select premium, particularly since we were selling on our own. we received excellent service, very helpful technical advice and prompt and courteous communications. i'm telling all my friends - call select premium! 
michael - ellicott city, md



 read more here 






recently sold properties


  
  
  
  
  


 see more listings here 









license info

select premium properties is licensed in north carolina, south carolina, georgia, virginia, maryland, and pennsylvania, . stephanie smith is the principal broker and owner.

nc principal broker - lic # 233506 
              sc principal broker - lic # 55136
              ga principal broker - lic # 366731
			  va principal broker - lic # 0225063073
              md principal broker - lic # 641388
              pa principal broker - lic # rm423650








contact us



  1213 culbreth dr. wilmington, nc 28405 




 910-518-9280 or 703-831-6806 




  service@selectpremiumprop.com 


  open everyday, 365 days a year 













about us

 our purpose is to save property owners their hard-earned money by providing an alternative way to sell or rent your home quickly and in a professional manner.
 our mission is to provide a flat rate mls listing with excellent customer service. our turn around time for mls listing, listing changes and answering emails are usually within a few hours of receiving them.
our belief is that there is a better way to sell or rent your home instead of a commission based on your selling price. flat rate mls listing is the future and for sale by owners can save thousands by going flat rate!








 â©select premium properties, inc. no one may reproduce material herein. 


home 
contact us 
fair housing
terms
privacy 
site map 





























































