




 


florida watercolor society - about



 









log in














 











about



about us



policy documents




our history




contact







newsletters




other watercolor societies







events




25 convention




membership



join us







exhibitions



featured exhibitions




upcoming exhibitions 2025




archive of exhibitions




awards - who we honor







donations



memorial awards donations















s i t e m a p

 come and paint in your best light
 
artists at every level, from those just learning the media to seasoned professionals, will find opportunities for growth, learning, and showing their work with the florida watercolor society! we offer workshops, demonstrations, and instruction by renowned national artists and local professionals. we offer both juried and non-juried shows open to
all members that meet the florida residency requirements.   our
juried shows include our annual exhibition for the past 52 years and our
on-line associate members show.    please note: only members who are current with their dues as of april 1st are eligible to enter the annual exhibition. the deadline to renew or join fws is midnight march 31st every year.
 












































 






 



















© 2022 - 2024 florida watercolor society | all images on this site are the property of their respective owners. | all rights reserved.

please contact us at info@floridawatercolorsociety.org should you have any questions or if you require assistance. we will get back to you within 1-2 days or as soon as possible.

our social media links:














florida
watercolor society, inc.  is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit
corporation. a copy of the official registration and financial information may
be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free 1-800-help-fla) or from the website: https://www.fdacs.gov/consumer-resources/charities registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the
state of florida. registration #ch11285.
 
















powered by wild apricot membership software









