










 



horses and people - horse care, management and training




















































































about us
authors
stay connected
my account
shop












followfollowfollowfollow


















home
horse health

anatomy
dental
digestive
genetics
hoof care
infectious diseases
neurology
nutrition
reproduction
respiratory
skin
soundness
herbal directory
complementary therapies
worms & parasites


science

equine science
equitation science
horse breeds
horse welfare


property & pasture

transportation
property management
pasture management
facility design
equine permaculture


training

dressage
foundation training
groundwork
teaching and coaching
off the track


horse culture

horses & people in art
human mindset
recipes & camping tips
rider wellbeing
their stories


news












search for:

















 













welcome – to australia’s go-to resource on horse care, management and training that is holistic, sustainable and grounded in both, science and practice.


all

allnewssciencehorse culturehorse healthproperty & pasturetrainingbit blindness and questioning the concept of pain-induced musculoskeletal lamenessdecember 10, 2024bit-induced mouth pain and wider equine welfare assessments ignored in a paper on bridle and bit fitdecember 9, 2024critique of the film horses and the science of harmonydecember 8, 2024european veterinarians highlight relationships between animal behaviour, training and welfaredecember 3, 2024seven pillars of deception to delay action on horse welfareoctober 29, 2024





 





horse health & wellbeing












bit blindness and questioning the concept of pain-induced musculoskeletal lameness

by professor emeritus david mellor | dec 10, 2024 | equine science, equitation science, horse welfare, soundnessbit blindness the term “bit blindness”, coined in 2020, emphasises that after its inception four millennia ago, bit use in horses has long been normalised [1,2]. moreover, not only has the use of bits been normalised, so too were the distinctive behaviours associated...





critique of the film horses and the science of harmony

by dr robert cook, frcvs, phd | dec 8, 2024 | equine science, equitation science, horse welfare, respiratorya critique of the horses and the science of harmony film by emeritus professor robert cook, frcvs, phd. “horses and the science of harmony” is, as stated in its introduction, a “full length feature film, seen through the lens of cutting-edge science and groundbreaking...





a bit-free, pain-free future for the free-breathing horse

by dr robert cook, frcvs, phd | may 14, 2024 | horse welfare, respiratorywithout food, a horse’s expectation of life is measured in weeks; without water, in days; without air, in seconds. the purpose of this article is to provide an illustrated sequel to a previous article "horse sports’ option: ban or be banned” (cook 2024). a series of...





the evidence for allowing a bit-free option in equestrian sport

by dr robert cook, frcvs, phd | may 14, 2024 | horse welfare, respiratoryif equestrian sport remains in the grip of an iron age custom, and continues using the bit as the means of rider-horse communication, its social license to operate will be lost. it is time to relinquish the a.b.c. of atrocity, bit usage and cruelty that stems from the...





horse sports’ options: to ban, or be banned

by dr robert cook, frcvs, phd | jan 26, 2024 | horse welfare, respiratoryfirstly, this article is about a basic need of the ridden and driven sport horse, the need to breathe. secondly, it is about the role of veterinarians in drawing attention to this need to breathe. thirdly, it is about the responsibility of horse sport administrators...





how to protect your horse’s back

by horses and people | nov 14, 2023 | complementary therapieshorses’ backs are not designed to carry riders. are you doing all you can to protect them from painful injuries? many performance problems stem from back pain1. painful muscles are very common, but frequently not recognised1. there are many factors that can impact on...










horse training












thoroughbred horse welfare challenges: from rape to relegation

by james garnham | jul 11, 2024 | horse culture, horse welfare, off the trackwritten here as a poem, each verse is structured as a three-line haiku. the haiku is a japanese poetic form, in this case consisting of seventeen phonic syllables in a five-seven-five pattern. traditionally, haiku evoke images of the natural world. the author's aim:...





horses recognise human emotions. use that to strengthen your bond

by chloe campbell, bsc | nov 24, 2022 | equitation science, teaching and coachinghorses are incredibly good at recognising human emotions in your voice and expressions, but did you know how to leverage that super power to strengthen your bond?





the road to bridle-less explained

by manuela mclean | sep 26, 2022 | dressage, manuela mclean, trainingat the 1998 equitana, my husband, dr andrew mclean, decided he would demonstrate riding bridle-less, with a rope around the neck of the stallion tintagel magic. at the time, andrew was competing magic in dressage at advanced and prix st george level, and managed to...





the coaching sweet spot, part 4: the happiness factor

by sue halden-brown | jul 11, 2022 | teaching and coachinghappiness is like balance – it’s not something you can teach because it’s a result of what you’ve already taught. if you’ve ever wondered what motivates us to connect so closely with our horses, and what drives this life-long equestrian passion, you could cheerfully...





the coaching sweetspot part 2: the real meaning of coaching

by sue halden-brown | apr 30, 2022 | teaching and coachingin the last few years, the sporting world has raced ahead to professionalise coaching. in the process, teaching has receded into the shadows, and coaching has become the glamour-girl of the sports world! yet, teaching is the foundation on which everything we do is...





the shoulder-in: more than dressage gymnastics

by tanja bornmann, bsc, msc, msc, trainer b (fn) | aug 15, 2021 | dressage, equitation sciencerecent scientific findings support what many students of classical dressage principles have known all along: the shoulder-in exercise is not only good for the horse's physical development but it also influences their mental state - and the benefits of practicing it...










horse welfare










bit blindness and questioning the concept of pain-induced musculoskeletal lameness

by professor emeritus david mellor | dec 10, 2024 | equine science, equitation science, horse welfare, soundnessbit blindness the term “bit blindness”, coined in 2020, emphasises that after its inception four millennia ago, bit use in horses has long been normalised [1,2]. moreover, not only has the use of bits been normalised, so too were the distinctive behaviours associated...





bit-induced mouth pain and wider equine welfare assessments ignored in a paper on bridle and bit fit

by professor emeritus david mellor | dec 9, 2024 | equitation science, horse welfarea critique of “the role of the equestrian professional in bridle and bit fit in the united kingdom" in this compelling critique, professor emeritus david mellor examines a recent study published in animals by kathryn nankervis, jane williams, diana fisher, and russell...










thoroughbred horse welfare challenges: from rape to relegation

by james garnham | jul 11, 2024 | horse culture, horse welfare, off the trackwritten here as a poem, each verse is structured as a three-line haiku. the haiku is a japanese poetic form, in this case consisting of seventeen phonic syllables in a five-seven-five pattern. traditionally, haiku evoke images of the natural world. the author's aim:...





living history: saving the world’s last wild horse

by abby letteri | jan 10, 2024 | horse breeds, horse culture, their stories  takhin tal research camp, gobi b strictly protected area, july, 2023. lit only by a faint glow on the eastern horizon and the fading light of stars, we hike into the hills at 4am, stumbling on loose sheets of rock which shear away in thin vertical slices under...








sponsored content












financing your travel options for dressage competitions

by savvy, australia's trusted financial broker | oct 25, 2022 | sponsored contentgetting the right travel option for competitor and horses can yield dividends instead of sinking money into costs that you’ll never recoup. 





how to get more out of your next horse transport purchase

by savvy, australia's trusted financial broker | nov 19, 2021 | sponsored contentwe all want to save money on horse and transportation – equestrian, racing, and other horse related activities can add up to a lot! with the current international shipping delays, some horse goosenecks, trucks, and trailers may be delayed – and be quite expensive...





b-complete™ by banana feeds australia – the revolution in equine gut health

by banana feeds australia | jun 28, 2021 | sponsored contentthere’s a new supplement on the market, and we think you should know about it. green bananas are a powerhouse of nutritional and gut health value. they've been a staple diet in many human cultures and due to their very high content in dietary fibre, they have been...





from the all blacks to the stable… ice n easy cold therapy

by brought to you by ice n easy | mar 7, 2021 | sponsored contentpaid content ice n easy equine is now providing cold therapy solutions specifically for the equine industry. in the sporting industry, ice n easy is synonymous with quality. their cold therapy products see teams such as the new zealand all blacks rugby union, sunshine...





saddle fitting guide

by brought to you by fitton horseinsure | mar 7, 2021 | sponsored contentwelfare report sponsored by fitton horseinsure teach yourself to evaluate saddle fitting and recognise problems to ensure good welfare and maintain performance with this handy guide. finding the correct fitting saddle is essential to ensure good welfare and maintain...





protect and prepare

by brought to you by fitton horseinsure | jan 28, 2021 | sponsored contentsafety report sponsored by fitton horseinsure in a time of crisis there may be nobody to help you, no power, no communications, no emergency services, no veterinarian, no daylight... what is your plan? everyone’s situation differs according to the size and nature of...










equitation science












bit blindness and questioning the concept of pain-induced musculoskeletal lameness

by professor emeritus david mellor | dec 10, 2024 | equine science, equitation science, horse welfare, soundnessbit blindness the term “bit blindness”, coined in 2020, emphasises that after its inception four millennia ago, bit use in horses has long been normalised [1,2]. moreover, not only has the use of bits been normalised, so too were the distinctive behaviours associated...





bit-induced mouth pain and wider equine welfare assessments ignored in a paper on bridle and bit fit

by professor emeritus david mellor | dec 9, 2024 | equitation science, horse welfarea critique of “the role of the equestrian professional in bridle and bit fit in the united kingdom" in this compelling critique, professor emeritus david mellor examines a recent study published in animals by kathryn nankervis, jane williams, diana fisher, and russell...





critique of the film horses and the science of harmony

by dr robert cook, frcvs, phd | dec 8, 2024 | equine science, equitation science, horse welfare, respiratorya critique of the horses and the science of harmony film by emeritus professor robert cook, frcvs, phd. “horses and the science of harmony” is, as stated in its introduction, a “full length feature film, seen through the lens of cutting-edge science and groundbreaking...





horse welfare through the lens of the five domains

by horses and people | dec 2, 2023 | equitation science, newspostgraduate students, representatives from the equine industry, teachers and riding instructors came from as far as australia, canada, spain, hungary, great britain, finland, denmark and sweden and gathered at the picturesque and wintery equine centre wången in...





british vets embrace horse behaviour

by horses and people | sep 20, 2023 | equitation science, horse welfarethe value of behavioural science was in the spotlight at british equine vets association (beva) congress last week. gemma pearson and sarah freeman shared their considerable knowledge and experience in two complementary plenary lectures, on how embracing learning...





tool use confirmed in horses

by chloe campbell, bsc | jan 22, 2023 | equitation sciencehorse owners have helped researchers confirm tool use in horses. you may have seen viral videos circulating online of a horse picking up brushes to groom another horse, or another using a broom to "sweep" the floor. they are nor just incredibly amusing, these videos...










human mindset






making success a habit

by tanja mitton | sep 21, 2022 | human mindset, tanja mittonwhen you talk to yourself (in your own mind), do you tell yourself that you are heading for success? or do you tell yourself that you are failing? our thought patterns create a large part of our reality because we act on our thoughts. they can also become habits. i...





it’s the thought that matters

by tanja mitton | may 31, 2022 | human mindset, tanja mittonhow much of your life and riding is influenced by your thoughts? the answer is much more than you think! i have undergone some major changes in my personal life and, naturally, when big things happen to us, our mind goes into overdrive. as the changes unfolded, i...






horses and people in art






when dogs meet horses in art

by dr georgina downey | aug 26, 2022 | georgina downey, horses and people in artas we see above, in de vos and wildens’ dramatic ‘horse attacked by dogs’, dog and horse contact can end in disaster with both reverting to their raw primal selves and the humans ending in a heap. each day, different versions of the above scenario occur thousands of...





the gift horse in past and present

by dr georgina downey | apr 30, 2022 | georgina downey, horse culture, horses and people in artthe gifting of horses is an ancient practice in many cultures that continues today.  historically, offering a horse is a sign of respect or allegiance and is done to seal relationships whether they be public, political, and personal. it has been a way of bonding...








horse welfare






willinga park bushfire: planning and preparation paid off

by mariette van den berg, phd, bappsc (hons), rannutr | feb 7, 2022 | equine permaculture, facility design, mariette van den berg, property managementa decade of considered bushfire planning and horse property maintenance helped save an entire town. willinga park effectively blocked the advance of the massive currowan fire towards the coastal town of bawley point during australia’s catastrophic 2019-2020 fire...





open the gates to good horse welfare

by jessica morton | sep 13, 2021 | facility design, horse welfare, property managementwhen we picture scenes of animal cruelty, we generally imagine thin, malnourished horses in haphazard paddocks filled with abandoned cars, barbed wire fencing and empty gas cans. less commonly associated with mistreatment are luxurious stabling facilities housing...






news






a mission to make paris 2024 the olympic games of horse welfare

by cristina wilkins | feb 14, 2024 | horse welfare, newsthis post is an ai aided translation of the online article published by le parisien, following up on the french parliamentary report sent to the games' organising committee in 2022, and which included 46 recommendations for welfare reform. most of which have not been...





le parisien: what if the paris 2024 olymic games were about horse welfare?

by cristina wilkins | feb 14, 2024 | horse welfare, newslast sunday’s edition of le parisien, a french daily newspaper with a circulation of over a quarter of a million copies, devoted a full page to the welfare scandals of tokyo, and questioning whether enough will be done to protect horses and the sport from such...






 






 number of items in cart: 0

your cart is empty.
total: $0.00
checkout

         follow us





facebook





youtube





twitter





instagram




 
signup for regular updates






 



 

leave this field empty if you're human: 
                   
 
 
 

























horses and people would like to acknowledge aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples as australia’s first people and traditional custodians. we recognise their sustainable connection to country, water and community. we pay our respect to them and their cultures, and to elders past, present and emerging.
















































privacy policy
delivery & returns policy
website use terms and conditions
general competition terms and conditions of entry
















© 2018-2024 horses and people magazine



followfollowfollowfollow



 


 
 


































