











home - the alamosa news



























      sunday, february 16, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              









 




            12 °
          

            clear          

            forecast
          

















advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home



                    community news                  


                    sports                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  


                    marketplace                  



                    calendar 



                          view the calendar                        


                          post an event                        




                    classifieds                  



                    send us your news! 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          obituary announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          report news                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        





                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        




                    subscribe                  














breaking news







						alamosa leads class 3a after second day of state wrestling					


					denver – the alamosa high school boys wrestling team is in first place after the second day of the colorado high school activities association class 3a tournament friday at ball arena. 

 the  …				















 










top stories





sen. bennet candidly talks trump’s first month













						washington d.c. — u.s. senator michael bennet (d-colo.) held a call with the press in colorado on thursday morning to discuss president donald trump’s first month in the white house. bennet was candid about significant concerns he has with a number of issues. 					



county proceeding with downtown office work













						alamosa — in december 2023, alamosa state bank donated its old downtown alamosa building to alamosa county. the county's contractors have been renovating the old bank into new, modern office space. this renovation is necessary to provide a suitable and accessible location for 12th judicial district attorney anne kelly and her staff and the office of the colorado bureau of investigation. 					



public advised to avoid backcountry roads in conejos county













						conejos county — conejos county sheriff garth crowther is requesting cooperation and assistance in keeping conejos county’s backcountry roads safe during this winter-spring season.  					



prescribed burns planned alamosa, mv nwrs













						alamosa — through april 30, the u.s. fish and wildlife service plans to conduct prescribed fire operations on the monte vista and alamosa national wildlife refuges to remove old and matted vegetation and improve wildlife habitat. 					



project to revitalize regional gis services receives grants













						alamosa — the san luis valley development resources group (slvdrg), in partnership with the san luis valley council of governments (slvcog), is moving forward with plans to develop a comprehensive gis strategic plan for the region. the project, which aims to ensure the continuation of critical geographic information systems (gis) services in the valley, has been awarded two state of colorado grants. 					













						intersection del sol drive and clark becoming 4-way stop					


					alamosa – the intersection at del sol drive and clark street in alamosa is changing, according to a press release from the city of alamosa.  				








						historic market may open in march					


					san luis — after numerous delays over the last several years, the san luis peoples market may be opening soon. 				








						law enforcement, asd statements regarding ice					


					alamosa — in recent weeks, actions taken in major u.s. cities by agents with immigration and customs enforcement (ice) have raised questions about the role local law enforcement will play when ice conducts large scale immigration arrests in local jurisdictions.  				








						bombs discovered in hooper storage unit					


					hooper — two bombs were found among the contents of a storage container in hooper this week, prompting the pueblo police department bomb squad and individuals with the u.s. air force to come to the site for detonation.  				





classifieds

classifieds:   friday,   february 14, 2025

							221 help wanted 

 it computer/technician: (full-time) monday-friday 8 am to 5 pm. services local area and wide area network equipment, including servers, virtual servers, workstations and printer.  …						



				more classifieds				


 




e-edition







				read our e-editions				




















more news








apd makes drug bust

							alamosa — the alamosa police department, with assistance from the colorado bureau of investigation, executed a search warrant at 513 brown ave. on feb. 6, related to illegal drug activity						









slv health announces new state-of-the-art mri

							alamosa — in continuation of its ongoing commitment to providing high quality health care, slv health recently unveiled its new 128 ge signa artist evo 1.5t mri, which they describe as “highly beneficial for slv health and our patients”. 						









supply, demand and the elephant in the room

							monte vista — when stephen nicholson opened his keynote speech “our challenges and opportunities: there is much to consider” at the southern rocky mountain agricultural conference on wednesday, he began with the challenges facing the san luis valley. he didn’t pull any punches. but no one in the room was caught by surprise, either. 						












 lindo jalisco: authentic mexican cuisine with a warm, friendly smile
 

						alamosa — it’s 8 o’clock on a wednesday night, a typically slow time for many restaurants in alamosa. but at lindo jalisco? not so much. 					
read more.




			more news			


 



















						obituaries					
















cheri lee younkerman

							at 1:53 a.m., feb. 7, 2025, our amazing mother cheri lee younkerman took her last breath and went to be with our heavenly father for eternity. after battling chf for years and going through cancer,  …						









charlotte june sheely

							charlotte june sheely slipped the surly bonds of earth and touched the face of god on feb. 12, 2025. 						









anthony john montoya

							jaroso, colo. – anthony john montoya, lovingly known as “juan antonio,” passed away peacefully on jan. 4, 2025, in rio rancho, n.m., at the age of 71. born on may 21, 1953, in jaroso, colo., anthony lived a life defined by devotion to his family, service to his country, and unwavering kindness to all. 						









helen marie sanchez

							helen marie sanchez, a beloved mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on jan. 28, 2025, at the age of 89. 						









jon 'harold' garrison

							jon "harold" garrison, a cherished husband, father, brother, and grandfather, passed away peacefully on feb. 5, 2025, in alamosa, colo., at the age of 71. born on oct. 20, 1953, in fort collins,  …						






			more obituaries			


 












local news




						alamosa riverfront project designs are ready					








								city council approves creation of regional swat team							







								house passes bill to strengthen local fence construction laws							







						read more local news						







community








slvtu: cultivating conservation and inspiring future stewards

							the valley — the san luis valley chapter of trout unlimited (slvtu) is making waves with a year full of exciting updates, achievements, and initiatives aimed at fostering a love for conservation, education, and our valley's waterways. from new logos to student programs, scholarships, and well-deserved state recognition, slvtu is truly “cultivating conservation” in every sense. 						









fort garland museum celebrates paint date

							fort garland — fort garland museum and cultural center expressed thanks to taylor bradley hubbard for a successful paint date on feb. 8.  						









‘somos agua’, how water connects us all

							alamosa — there’s a new book on the shelves at narrow gauge book co-operative titled “somos agua” written by local author belinda garcia. the title of the book is simple. the images on the cover are vibrant and alive. and both are actually promises of what’s found inside the book which, simply put, is powerful and profound.  						






			more community			


 



















						sports					













prep boys basketball
alamosa boys snap long losing streak
monte vista – the alamosa high school boys basketball team tasted victory for the first time since dec. 20 on tuesday as they defeated monte vista 50-44 at the mvhs gym. 

 the win ended a  …





 








more sports


 

alamosa girls comeback nips monte vista

monte vista – the seventh-ranked alamosa high school girls basketball team had a tougher time than expected when it traveled to face monte vista on tuesday. 

 the lady pirates came out ready  …




			read more			


 










16 slv wrestlers advance to state semifinals
alamosa – the first day of the 2025 colorado high school activities association state wrestling tournament took place thursday at ball arena in denver. 

 a total of 16 wrestlers have  …








43 slv wrestlers qualify for state tournament
alamosa – the colorado high school activities association hosted its regional wrestling tournament at several different venues across the state with 43 competitors from the san luis valley  …








first round opponents for local state qualfiers
alamosa – the 43 san luis valley qualifiers for the state wrestling tournament found out their first-round opponents on monday. 

 the tournament begins on thursday afternoon and the end of  …












						opinion					
















planning for an early fire season

							considering the poor snowfall this year i thought it would be appropriate to revisit a question i’ve answered hundreds of times throughout my career. each spring people ask me “what do you think fire season will be like this year?” i always answer with the same reply: “you can never tell until the year is over.” in my mind however, this really begs the next two questions, what are my local firefighting agencies doing to prepare for the coming wildfires and what should i do to prepare? 						









slv area extension offers a myriad of educational opportunities 

							csu extension believes every person from every walk of life can experience their healthiest, happiest, most productive life if they continually engage in lifelong learning. at slv area extension, everything we do is designed to foster healthy youth and families; prosperous farms, ranches, and businesses; and strong, resilient, proud communities. we offer a myriad of educational opportunities to slv citizens, where they live, work, and socialize. 						









pensamientos

							the older i get, the more i find myself reflecting on why i often say, “i’m here to die.”  it's more than family roots in this area going back to a time before the united states showed up.   more than anything, i think. it's because i see people who want to be good citizens here. 						









beware the trojan horse targeting public land

							the folks who ideologically oppose public land are exploiting the housing crisis to argue that a fix for america’s housing problem is to sell off the public estate, writes ben long. there may be a screaming need for more housing, says long, but targeting public lands isn't the answer: we need public lands for flood control, wildlife, hunting and recreation, and most of the acreage is also in the wrong place to build housing.						









diversity makes america great

							in 1979, luis valdez’ zoot suit became the first play written and directed by a chicano theatre artist to appear in a broadway theatre. from its beginnings in 1735 to the late 1970s, were there no other hispanic works worthy to be presented on the boards of broadway? or, does this example demonstrate the reality that if you are not part of the majority group, often times, your values, beliefs, culture, art, and history are viewed as unimportant, inferior, and worthy of being ignored? 						






			read more			


 







						features					














								a hilarious play not to be missed							


							in the midst of sentimental hallmark christmas movies and those beloved holiday classics that come around every year, “christmastime: a holiday noir” is a delightful and unexpected surprise, especially for those seeking a different story but one still focused on christmas.  						

 









christmas music in candlelight 

blanca — the calvary blanca church, 607 broadway, blanca, will host a unique and free candlelight service at 1:30 p.m. on dec. 15. 









colorado music hall of fame creates colorado music survey


				denver — colorado music hall of fame (the hall) invites residents, visitors and music and tourism stakeholders to share their vision for colorado’s music scene through a newly launched survey. 			






			more features			













crhc celebrates safety net clinic week in alamosa




							alamosa – colorado rural health center staff travelled to alamosa recently to host a luncheon aimed at celebrating colorado’s rural safety net clinics during this year’s annual  …						

 




police reports



alamosa county sheriff’s office citations for week of jan. 29, 2025 




alamosa police department report jan. 24 to 31, 2025 




alamosa police department reports dec. 20, 2024, to jan. 17, 2025




alamosa police department report nov. 22 to dec. 6




alamosa police department report for dec. 9, 2024




alamosa police department report week of nov. 27 – dec. 4 





			read more police reports			


 







						feature stories from around the web					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









what are the most distinctive baby names by state?

							spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						




 












                  2205 state ave. alamosa co
                          phone: 719-589-2553







              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            






 



 











          © copyright 2025 the alamosa news        

powered by creative circle media solutions










