




eatwild














  
       getting wild nutrition from modern food


 









home






shop
              for 
          local grassfed meat,
    eggs & dairy
 

shop
               for  
            books





notes & news





grass-fed 
      basics




fruits & vegetables





food safety





healthier animals 





environmental
        benefits




benefits
      for farmers 





health benefits





links





meet
    jo robinson





how to donate





scientific references




contact









          
        

            
        








 

 


 


 



share
|
















 







 jo robinson in her garden on vashon island 
eatwild.com was founded by  jo robinson in 2001 to promote the many advantages of raising livestock on  pasture on small family farms. when nature’s model is followed, consumers,  animals, and the planet reap the benefits. consumers have access to more  healthful eggs, meat, and dairy products; the animals live relatively  stress-free lives; and well-managed grazing improves the fertility of the soil,  absorbs more greenhouse gasses, and helps retain more water and topsoil.
eatwild is now the #1 clearinghouse in the united  states for science-based information about  pasture-based farming. the site features a state-by-state  (plus canada) directory of local farmers who meet eatwild's criteria.  you will find farmers close to you who respect the  land and their animals, and produce delicious, quality food. the farm descriptions  in the directory point you to information on how and where to pick up food.  some farmers will deliver or ship their products directly to you. 
more than 9 million people have visited eatwild.com to find wholesome alternatives to products  from animals raised on unnatural diets and kept in confinement in abusive  conditions.
 jo robinson has been named one of the top 50 food activists in the country and is the author of the new york  times bestselling book, eating on the wild side. she has  visited pasture-based farms across the country and given presentations to  several thousand farmers and consumers. she is a highly regarded pioneer in the  rapidly growing grass-fed movement. 




find
						 your way around eatwild...

shop for local, pasture-raised meat, eggs and dairy.


new to pasture-based farming? read grass-fed
                      basics.


get the details on why raising animals on pasture is good for animals, for farmers, for the planet, and for you.



notes & news –
                       selected information about the benefits of choosing products from pastured animals and other related news. 


learn which fruits and vegetables have been linked to optimal health.


get your farm listed on eatwild or request a change to your existing listing. 



                       support eatwild. eatwild.com does not receive any
                       money when you buy  meat, eggs, or dairy products from farmers listed on our website—what you spend goes directly to the farmers. when
                       you donate to  or buy
                         books from us, you are helping
					  to keep eatwild online. thank you.



to
                             date, 
                             over 9 million people have visited eatwild.com. 
                           we have as many as 16,500 visitors per day. good news travels fast!



eatwild.com is
                     owned and operated by jo robinson,
                     an investigative journalist and new york times bestselling author
                    who specializes in science-based health information.                  
 site updated february 11, 2025.












books 
 by eatwild founder
jo robinson
    

      ny times bestseller
by eatwild founder
jo robinson    



pasture perfect      
      by jo robinson



book sales support eatwild.com


 
 



home | grassfed basics 
| eatwild 
store | meet jo | notes & news | find farms 
| resources | site map 
| contact 


  
    
© copyright 2002–2025 by jo robinson. all rights reserved. for permission
 to use copyrighted material send an e-mail. 






