


studdy-ing with bonzo; a site dedicated to g.e. studdy / george
		studdy & his canine creation, bonzo the dog







bonzo's
		  counter says
		  that you are visitor number ,
		  welcome!
this site was
		  last updated on december 15th 2020

much of this site is still
		  under construction ("yawn", i hear you utter), many images are still to be
		  added as well as some of the links - please visit often to see how things are
		  progressing. i hope what you see is useful and i welcome all feedback,
		  especially constructive feedback! thanks for visiting this
		  site.



pieter roovers has a vintage & collectable
				toys website, part of which is dedicated to bonzo. you can check it out at
				http://www.comictoys.info: there is a
				collectors forum, classifieds area, collectors information and links to other
				useful sites.


news
a superb new
		  range of bonzo collectibles are available from japan - take a
		  look!

to enquire about these please
		  contact me or drop an email to hideaki takemura, takemura@beautifulday3000.com.
		  as well as the bean-bag doll the range includes canvas tote bags, t-shirts,
		  enamel pendants/pins, playing cards and figurines. 
these bonzo's from
		  merrythought are still available, so if you want one please order them soon -
		  more than 90% have been sold - only 3 left!


merrythought
		  bonzo's





new stuff will continue to be added as often as i can do it so
		  please keep coming back. 
cheers!
		  reg  
on the pages that
		follow i have listed all postcards, cigarette & trade cards known to me, as
		well as a selection of other bonzo and studdy memorabilia. many of the pictures
		shown are taken from my own, modest, collection of bonzo items. 
if anyone has any bonzo items for
		trade or sale or have scanned pictures of other bonzo items that they would
		like included in these lists please forward them to me by email:

 

items included from
		other sources will be acknowledged where possible.


links to other pages - you
		  can also use the sitemap link above


 
 known studdy
		contributions to the sketch (pdf version)
postcard checklist a4 format (pdf
		version)

link to - the
		  life and work of george studdy- by paul babb & gay
		  owen 
 link to - george studdy & bonzo the dog
- by richard fitzpatrick 
the
		acknowledgements - (without the help of these people, this site
		would not have developed quite as much)

 
i am pleased to acknowledge the permission
		given by paul babb & gay owen and publisher richard dennis to reproduce
		illustrations used in their excellent book 'bonzo - the life and work of george
		studdy'  
bonzo is © the estate of george
		studdy
 

