









bibic charity - assessments and developmental therapy for children

































































skip to content


 bibic
changing children's lives



about us

about us
bibic developmental therapy
conditions we support
360 virtual tour
our people
join our team
reports, accounts & strategy
terms and conditions


for parents & carers

services
johansen individualised auditory stimulation
irlen syndrome
free live q&a
resource hub


for schools

supporting schools


training

for parents
for professionals
for the workplace


make an enquiry
support us

please donate
get involved
sponsor a bibic child
challenges & events
partners
gifts in wills
not everyone is back to school
corporate supporters


bibic news and stories

bibic family stories
sign up to our newsletter!


contact us

faqs


please donate
 






test


 





transforming lives through developmental therapy



 









 


every child and young adult deserves the best possible chance to reach their potential
bibic is a national charity based in langport, somerset. it delivers therapeutic programmes to children and young adults aged 6 months to 25 years. we support individuals with developmental and neurological disabilities and difficulties to achieve their potential and live happy and fulfilling lives. bibic sees them with or without diagnosis. we provide assessments and holistic, bespoke developmental therapy through working with our team of specialist developmental therapists.




enabling independence, confidence and brighter futures
we empower parents and carers with the support and strategies they need to improve not only their young person’s life, but their family’s too. we help children and young adults understand their condition better and live more independent lives; they become more confident and look forward to the future because of bibic’s therapy programme; several have gone to university and many are in employment citing bibic as playing a key part in their progress.


i don’t let myself think about mia’s future. it’s too hard. but, what i do wish for, is that mia would smile more. she deserves to be happy. for the first time, i believe that she will be and that’s because of bibic.
– mia’s mum








 





who we are…
we are a national charity supporting children or young adults with brain injuries, disabilities, neurological or developmental difficulties.
we are the only organisation in the uk providing bespoke and holistic therapy through sensory, cognitive, emotional, developmental and physical programmes that support an individuals specific needs.
we work closely with the family to develop a therapy plan to support the individual’s development, as well as strategies to support independence, communication and self-esteem.

learn more



who we see…
individuals we work with may have hidden, profound or multiple disabilities, including less understood conditions. these may include behavioural, sensory, developmental and communication difficulties.
we support individuals with neurological and developmental difficulties and disabilities. these conditions may include; autism, brain injury, cerebral palsy, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd), global developmental delay (gdd), dyslexia, dyspraxia, dyscalculia, down’s syndrome, sensory processing difficulties and many more.

learn more



how we help….
at bibic we look at the whole individual, rather than one specific area.
our team of highly experienced developmental therapists provide assessments and design tailored therapy programmes for every child and family to help:
children and young adults to manage their difficulties and to thrive in the world around them.
parents and carers to understand their child’s behaviour and needs.
teachers to support struggling children and young adults emotionally and educationally.

learn more



when asked, 96% of parents and carers agree or strongly agree that bibic has helped them better understand their child and their needs.









 


make an enquiry
get in touch today and our family services team will get back to you as soon as possible to discuss the right support for you and your family


enquire


















bibic old kelways,
somerton road langport,
somerset, ta10 9sj
01458 253344


© 2025 bibic charity registration no: 1057635company no:03217418















cookie policy
privacy policy
contact us
sitemap
join our team
 


site designed & built by zephyrus digital



 













