





home | team placement | team placement








































 











tps employees
meet our staff
jon c. burr foundation
contact us
 
























                                search
                            






 











            for candidates 


apply for:
dental
dental travel jobs
government jobs
medical jobs
 




            for clients 


dental practices
government customers
medical practices
dental payment and billing
 




























                    dental
                

                    learn more 










                    dental travel
                

                    learn more 










                    government
                

                    learn more 










                    medical / travel nurses
                

                    learn more 






who is team placement?
team placement is a woman-owned business, based in alexandria, virginia, and has been serving the healthcare community since 1983. we offer permanent, temporary and temp to hire staff to help companies and government agencies fill critical vacancies. our goal is to provide quality, availability and consistency to your organization. team placement is on a mission to simplify staffing and healthcare practices in the community. quality is our number one priority.





why use team placement?
we understand that the right professionals are vital to the success of any project or medical outcome. after 40 years, we have learned to connect employers with the best candidates and candidates to the right employer. to accomplish this, we utilize a unique skill — we listen. every employer and every candidate is unique and finding the right match requires understanding everything from the pace of the facility to what is the dress code. we provide the best jobs, period!





our mission

provide quality staff when it is needed
demand compassion and excellent patient care from all our partners
simplify staffing practice throughout the healthcare community
to give back through nonprofits such as the jon c. burr foundation






history
in 1983, the concept of team placement came to life at the kitchen table of our founder, betty peebles. starting as a local dental staffing company, we have grown to provide personnel in 17 states to institutions including private practices, military installations, and research facilities. the growth can be attributed to the quality of the employees we hire and develop to be a part of the team placement family. in the words of our founder, we “find the very best people, take really good care of them, so they can take care of the others”.


























                                2871 duke street
                            

                                alexandria, va 22314
                            

                                tel: 1 (800) 495-6767


                                e-mail: info@teamplace.com
























                        © 2025 team placement incorporated
                    



home
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
 







 

























