
































    
    swimming pool dealers | omaha, ne | olympic pool & spa
  
  





 













              olympic pool & spa, 16902 wright plaza, ste 160, omaha, ne 68130

     

 

 







    


 call us now!
402-896-1246



       home



  swimming pools


   inground pools



  pool shapes



  above ground pools





  saratoga spas



  photo gallery



  pool products


   pool heating omaha



  pool heating papillion





  spa products



  service & repair


   pool and spa services


   spa renovation





  pool opening form



  pool closing form



  request for service





  fire tables



  blog



  location and contact












    
 





          let the calming waters relax you
swimming pools | spas
free estimates
  

view our products

  

view our financing options







      let the calming waters relax you
swimming pools | spas
free estimates
  

view our products

  

view our financing options







    our swimming pools and spas will provide hours of enjoyment for you and your family


soak away the pressures of the day. we know life can get hectic and what better way to relax then a quick swim in a crystal-clear swimming pool or a soothing soak in a spa.
olympic pool & spa has been
providing custom-designed swimming pools and top-of-the-line spas and hot tubs for over 20 years. our swimming pools and spas not only help you relax and provide countless hours of enjoyment for your family, but they also enhance the look and value of your property.

  




  
     we work with you to build the pool of your dreams

our showroom is located in
omaha, ne, and we welcome customers from douglas and sarpy counties, including omaha, gretna, papillion, bennington, fremont, elkhorn, lavista, bellevue, and the surrounding communities. we are family owned and operated and offer military (active-duty and veterans) discounts and free estimates. our experienced and knowledgeable team will help you design your swimming pool and will work with at every step of the build until you end up with the pool of your dreams. we also carry a full line of spas and both pool and spa products.






       our complete swimming pool and spa products and services

 swimming pool designswimming pool constructioninground poolsabove ground poolsswimming pool repair and servicepool openingspool closingspool maintenanceswimming pool equipment and suppliesreplacement linerssafety coversheatinglightingpumpsdiving boardsslidespool toyspool chemicalsspas and hot tubsspa and hot tub repair and servicespa chemicalsfire tablesmilitary (active and veteran) discountsfree estimates








    see what customers are saying about our work

    
  ★★★★★
james has been really great to work with throughout this whole process. they just finished our pool and it turned out amazing. we wanted a little kiddie area for my daughter and they exceeded our expectations. we also wanted a basketball hoop and slide that they also did great work with. she already loves this pool and i imagine there will be many years of great memories that come out of it. i highly recommend james and his team!- alissa f.

  

button



 
  ★★★★★
thanks james & joni! as always, your team did a stellar job!  doug and brian did an amazing job with our new pool liner, and our conversion from chlorine to salt.  we love, love, love it - is just like a brand new pool.  can't say enough good things about them - so friendly, knowledgeable and dependable. james, the owner, engineered and put in our pool 15 years ago, and we have been using olympic pool & spa for all of our needs ever since. his team is the best! we wouldn't use anyone else.- cheri a.

  

button



 
  ★★★★★
i  had a 18x36 pool installed late last summer 2019.  the pool itself was precisely installed (location & level) and materials used seemed very high quality and well constructed.  james (owner) and his crew had the pool itself in working condition in less than 4 weeks and james communicated almost daily about progress and next steps.  i would recommend olympic pool & spa if you're thinking about having an inground pool installed.- christopher z.

  

button



 
  ★★★★★
james and every single one of his crew are extremely knowledgeable and wonderful to work with.  they are fast and are always there when they say they will be.  james was very thorough in explaining details to us and helping us come up with a design that would fit our budget and look amazing.   her has tons of experience and will keep you informed every step of the way.  we loved working with them and extremely happy with our new pool!  its gorgeous and you can tell that the team here cares about the quality of their work as well as you as a client.  very satisfied and would highly recommend!- megan b.

  

button



 
  ★★★★★
it has been a pleasure dealing with joni, as i felt she gave me a great price and great service after the sale and delivery.  eric was wonderful about coming to our house and making sure our chemicals were right and then provided valuable information during set up. so far, everything is working great. thank you joni, eric and the rest at olympic pool and spa!- ed m.

  

button



 
  ★★★★★
pool was out of commission for over 15 years. joni, james, and their crew really took care of us from beginning to end. james always kept in touch and answered any questions i had. before and after. it looks like a new pool. thank you very much.- jeff k.

  

button






stop by our showroom at 16902 wright plaza, ste 160, omaha, ne, or call us at
402-896-1246.



   
 
  






   

  
  










       




       

 

 







    contact information

address:olympic pool & spa16902 wright plaza, ste 160omaha, ne 68130phone: 402-896-1246email:
info@olympicpoolomaha.com

  business hours

showroom hours:
   mon - wed
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 thursday
 9:00 am 
- 6:30 pm


 friday
 9:00 am 
- 7:00 pm


 saturday
 10:00 am 
- 4:00 pm


 sunday
closed




  payment options

  







    

 

 







   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy

























































































































  
  share by:













