












apple


















apple

applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+







 

iphone 16 pro
hello, apple intelligence.

learn more
buy












 

iphone 16
hello, apple intelligence.

learn more
buy












 

apple watch series 10
thinstant classic.

learn more
buy














 

apple watch
united by rhythm. discover the new black unity watch band and face.

buy












 

macbook air
lean. mean. m3 machine.

learn more
buy












 


ipad pro
unbelievably thin. incredibly powerful.

learn more
buy



hello, apple intelligence.












 

airpods pro 2
now with a hearing aid feature.1


learn more
buy












 

apple trade in
get $180–$650 in credit when you trade in iphone 12 or higher.2

get your estimate












 

apple card
get up to 3% daily cash back with every purchase.

learn more
apply now
apply now














apple tv+



















fam gallery





watch now



strength with gregg





play now



nba 2k25 arcade edition





listen now




the official kendrick lamar interview





watch now



perfect your yoga balance poses 





play now



hello kitty island adventure





listen now




alpha












apple footer


1. hearing aid and hearing test: the hearing aid feature has received fda authorization. the hearing test and hearing aid features are supported on airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware paired with a compatible iphone or ipad with ios 18 or ipados 18 and later and are intended for people 18 years old or older. the hearing aid feature is also supported on a compatible mac with macos sequoia and later. it is intended for people with perceived mild to moderate hearing loss.

hearing protection: the hearing protection feature works with airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware when paired with a compatible iphone, ipad, or mac with ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later. feature is only available in the u.s. and canada. see support.apple.com/120850 for total attenuation and more information. the hearing protection feature is not suitable for protection against extremely loud impulse sounds, such as gunfire, fireworks, or jackhammers, or against sustained sounds louder than 110 dba.


2. trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply.

to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. 
if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card.
learn more about how apple card applications are evaluated at support.apple.com/kb/ht209218.
major league baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of mlb advanced media, l.p. all rights reserved.
 apple intelligence is available in beta on all iphone 16 models, iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, ipad mini (a17 pro), and ipad and mac models with m1 and later, with siri and device language set to english (australia, canada, ireland, new zealand, south africa, uk, or u.s.), as part of an ios 18, ipados 18, and macos sequoia software update. additional features and languages will be available in april, with more languages coming over the course of the year. languages supported in 2025 include chinese, english (india, singapore), french, german, italian, japanese, korean, portuguese, spanish, and vietnamese.

a subscription is required for apple arcade, apple fitness+, apple music, and apple tv+.

features are subject to change. some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.







shop and learn

shop and learn




store
mac
ipad
iphone
watch
vision
airpods
tv & home
airtag
accessories
gift cards




apple wallet

apple wallet




wallet
apple card
apple pay
apple cash






account

account




manage your apple account
apple store account
icloud.com




entertainment

entertainment




apple one
apple tv+
apple music
apple arcade
apple fitness+
apple news+
apple podcasts
apple books
app store






apple store

apple store




find a store
genius bar
today at apple
group reservations
apple camp
apple store app
certified refurbished
apple trade in
financing
carrier deals at apple
order status
shopping help






for business

for business




apple and business
shop for business




for education

for education




apple and education
shop for k-12
shop for college




for healthcare

for healthcare




apple in healthcare
mac in healthcare
health on apple watch
health records on iphone and ipad




for government

for government




shop for government
shop for veterans and military






apple values

apple values




accessibility
education
environment
inclusion and diversity
privacy
racial equity and justice
supply chain




about apple

about apple




newsroom
apple leadership
career opportunities
investors
ethics & compliance
events
contact apple






			more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.


united states


copyright ©
				
				2025
				 apple inc. all rights reserved.
			


privacy policy


terms of use


sales and refunds


legal


site map


















