

































































owasso reporter | tulsaworld.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















13°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout































news


obituaries


opinion


sports




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



tulsa world archives




our properties


broken arrow



owasso reporter



sand springs leader



skiatook journal



wagoner county american-tribune



tulsa world magazine




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



legal notices



tulsa world store




customer service


manage tulsa subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



report a correction



manage owasso subscription



manage sand springs subscription



manage skiatook subscription



manage wagoner subscription



help center



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy
























































































subscribe



























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

opinion

sports

e-edition

buy & sell









13°
snow shower















live








        
        
            live updates: winter weather creates dangerous conditions across tulsa area












                
                owasso reporter
                
                    





owasso reporter e-edition
sand springs leader e-edition
skiatook journal e-edition
wagoner county american-tribune e-edition














        
        
            owasso routs union for 6a-3 boys title in `electric' atmosphere | barry lewis' 5 takeaways

what we learned from monday's matchup between two of 6a's top three boys basketball teams, and what disappointed the union girls at the end of its ninth straight win. 


















        
        
            photos: union battles owasso in boys and girls high school basketball

see mike simons' photos from monday's games in owasso. 

















        
        
            boys basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 17

see who were the top players and teams from the past week.

















        
        
            girls basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 17

fort gibson is gaining momentum and prue ends a long district drought.

















        
        
            voting open in 2025 mr. inside/outside and ms. inside/outside contests

here are the top tulsa-area high school basketball players. check out the 60 candidates, then cast your vote for your favorite. we'll announce the four winners in march.

















        
        
            couples share stories of how they met for valentine's day

tulsa world readers shared the following stories from readers about the moment they met their true match.

















        
        
            ginnie graham show: the importance of investing in tulsa's youth

he once dreamed of being tulsa's first black mayor. now, berthaddaeus bailey is celebrating the election of monroe nichols while doing his own important work with my brother’s keeper tulsa.























        
        
            bill haisten: former broken arrow head coach josh blankenship joins father at owasso




resulting from the formality of approval from the owasso public schools’ board of education on monday night, bill blankenship and josh blankenship are reunited.




















        
        
            okpop museum acquires collection from 'blazing saddles' star, oklahoma native




see the photos of the costumes and other artifacts now in tulsa from the classic comedy starring chickasha-born actor cleavon little. 




















        
        
            owasso voters reject $193 million bond proposition




voters approved propositions from jenks public schools and allen-bowden, while a new broken arrow school board member was elected and a tulsa school board race advances to a runoff. #oklaed




















        
        
            girls basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 10




union and keys are teams with momentum.






























        
        
            oklahoma journalism hall of fame inducting two former tulsa world editors

mike strain and david fallis join 51 other current and former tulsa world newsroom staff members in the hall.

















        
        
            jenks prevails over bartlesville for class 6a swimming regionals sweep

jenks and bartlesville combined to win 17 of the 22 events.

















        
        
            okpreps extra show: why wasn't union qb shaker reisig higher on all-world, all-state teams?

one tulsa world reader questioned why the union quarterback wasn't more highly decorated on the world's annual list of the top players in the area and state. 

















        
        
            editorial: conservative lawmakers trying to doge their jobs by growing government

elected officials do many things from ribbon cuttings to fighting culture wars. but the main job remains overseeing tax dollars. don't let them doge their responsibility, the editorial states. 

















        
        
            union is way under ranked as it shows in upset over no. 1 owasso | barry lewis' 5 takeaways

the winning number for union is 54 in a pair of close wins.

















        
        
            oklahoma farm bureau president: protect against growing threats to private property rights

the freedom to make decisions about our property isn’t only a right — it’s a necessity, said rodd moesel, president of oklahoma farm bureau.


























        
        
            rep. suzanne schreiber: lawmakers have tangible ways to improve child care for workforce

several proposed bills would expand child care access by incentivizing businesses, eliminating red tape for providers and improving pay through dhs ratings, says rep. suzanne schreiber. 

















        
        
            lufthansa technik announces expansion, new jobs for tulsa

a german-based aerospace company on thursday announced a $20 million expansion at tulsa international airport and will add 100 jobs, with many more planned.

















        
        
            oklahoma treasurer todd russ: claiming unclaimed property could help state's economy

recovered assets, even in small amounts, create a meaningful impact when you reinvest them into your household, local business and community, says oklahoma treasurer todd russ. 

















        
        
            early walk-in voting starts thursday for 3 suburban school bonds

a new fifth grade center is proposed for owasso; another proposal would renovate and expand jenks freshman academy; and a new gym at allen-bowden is "very much needed." #oklaed

















        
        
            verdigris, grove announce new head football coaches

verdigris hires longtime owasso assistant and former tulsa football standout. grove's new coach helped wagoner win two state titles.

















        
        
            army vet, innocent bystander wanted to be a math teacher. police chase ended all of that.

the oklahoma agency originally in pursuit called off the chase within minutes because of the grave danger to the public, while two different agencies later picked it back up.





more owasso reporter



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


owasso reporter

sand springs leader

skiatook journal

wagoner county american-tribune

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter signup

join our team

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        tulsa world, 315 s. boulder ave.  tulsa, ok 74103
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































