

 







home - christian world service



































 





























 nz freephone 0800 74 73 72


donate now








home
about us 

staff and board
our values and policies
where we work
what we do
emergencies


emergencies 

vanuatu earthquake appeal
middle east emergency appeal
sudan appeal
ukraine appeal


get involved 

operation refugee
campaign
volunteer
fundraise


ways to give 

christmas appeal
gifted
partner for life – regular giving
leave a gift of hope in your will
direct partners


newsroom 

we are a changed people
more stories of hope
news and blog
cws update
resources
annual review





 menu 
contact us










clean water is a game changer!

learn more here
choose gifts of hope    
christmas resources    
donate to climate hope






welcome to christian world service
christian world service (cws) – providing water, food, and justice to people since 1945





our stories





sudan appeal
view article >








lebanon needs your prayers
view article >








donate to the middle east emergency appeal
view article >








vanuatu earthquake appeal
view article >









our work
fund groups tackling poverty and injustice
help people build decent livelihoods in their own communities
respond to humanitarian emergencies
increase people’s understanding in aotearoa new zealand of the challenges people face around the world
campaign against the causes of global poverty and injustice
 








 
gifts of hope >




 
become a partner for life >




 
leave a gift in your will >








who we are
christian world service began in december 1945 when the national council of churches made its first christmas appeal for overseas relief in post-war greece.  cws is the justice, aid and development agency of our partner churches:  anglican church of new zealand and polynesia, methodist church of new zealand, presbyterian church of aotearoa new zealand, christian churches new zealand and the religious society of friends (quakers).  it supports local communities build sustainable lives and have a say in matters that affect them.  cws assists people living in conflict zones and after disaster strikes.  cws advocates for action on poverty, peace and justice. it respects and responds to needs, regardless of race or religion.







our ethos
our starting point as a christian agency is our faith in the god of life.  we believe the provision and enjoyment of the basic necessities for living a decent, just and humane life is the will of god for all humankind.  we believe that a profession of faith in the god of life, revealed in the life and ministry of jesus christ, requires the rejection of those conditions, structures and systems which perpetuate human hunger, poverty and injustice.  all human beings have the right to a livelihood that ensures justice, human dignity and environmental integrity.
from partnership and letting go – a theological rationale for the work of cws 
 





cws memberships







 


 


 








sign up to our newsletter



nameemail

captcha
 




















donate now





contact details


aldersgate centre at durham street methodist church,
309 durham street,
christchurch
the office is open 9-5, monday to friday.
 










christian world service
po box 22652
christchurch 8140
new zealand




cws@cws.org.nz
+64 3 366 9274



christian world service is recorded on the charities register.  the registration number is cc22288.
our policies



            © copyright 2018 cws  privacy policy   |   site map
website by metadigital








homeabout us 

staff and boardour values and policieswhere we workwhat we doemergencies back
emergencies 

vanuatu earthquake appealmiddle east emergency appealsudan appealukraine appeal back
get involved 

operation refugeecampaignvolunteerfundraise back
ways to give 

christmas appealgiftedpartner for life – regular givingleave a gift of hope in your willdirect partners back
newsroom 

we are a changed peoplemore stories of hopenews and blogcws updateresourcesannual review back
 

























