















































airlift - wordpress performance plugin






















































skip to content



















about us
pricing
blog
contact us
 







sign up ->

login ->

























toggle menu

























ultra fast wordpress sites with the click of a button
airlift will instantly speed up your wordpress site and boost your google core web vitals scores. it is a complete performance solution for your website including caching, cdn, image optimization, css improvements and more.
get started now



















improve your ranking on googlespeed is an important factor when it comes to ranking your website. airlift will boost your google web vitals score and improve your seo. 
enhance conversions with a fast websitea fast website converts significantly better than a slow one. with airlift, you will immediately see a boost in revenues and engagement. 
better experience for your customersvisitors will spend more time and visit more pages on a faster website. airlift will improve the experience on your website and lead to more customers. 











website performance

complete wordpress optimization solution
airlift will optimize every part of your website within minutes.


integrated caching stackcaching is essential to having a superfast site. airlift creates a static version of your entire site. visitors have a magical experience with pages that load instantaneously.
asset optimizationairlift automatically optimizes every part of a wordpress to get the highest core-web vitals score. these optimizations have traditionally been very cumbersome and difficult to perfect. we learn from 1000s of websites to improve the performance of your site.
complete image optimization suitelarge images can slow down your website significantly. airlift automatically optimizes your images so that you have a website that loads instantaneously. we ensure the best image performance.
personalized support from expertsour team of experts are available to provide timely assistance with any queries you may have. with personalized support based on your website, our powerful plugin and our support team will give you the best experience possible.











airlift  

incredibly easy to setup with no manual configuration


install the plugin on your siteeasily install airlift plugin on your site.


setup in 60 secondsairlift will automatically configure the plugin


let airlift do the bestyour website is now ultra-fast










incredibly easy to usewithout any technical skills
airlift is truly a one-click solution. you do not need any technical skills or specialized coding knowledge to speed up your website. there are no complex settings or configurations. it is magical how easy it is to setup.
sign up now








 

















our wordpress plugins:












copyright 2025 airlift. all rights reserved.


privacy policy | gdpr | terms & conditions | cookie policy






introductory offer – save 50% off on all plans!
check the plans





we use cookies to provide and improve our services. by using our site, you consent to cookies. learn more ->
















about us
pricing
blog
contact us
 



sign up ->

login ->















