






home - southwestern school of botanical medicine

































































 







skip to content 





 
 


 
menu 







 
menu 
about
our founder
courses
resources
contact
donate
 


 













welcome to the southwest school of botanical medicine homepage, celebrating the legacy of herbalist michael rs moore, the “godfather of western botanical medicine.”
the southwest school of botanical medicine (swsbm), founded by herbalist michael r.s. moore, offered in person intensive botanical medicine programs from 1980 until 2006.  this site contains information he collected, discovered, elucidated, and cataloged about medicinal plants, after a lifetime spent using, selling, and teaching about them.  scanned texts of classic eclectic and physiomedical books, ecological and habitat distributions of medicinal plants in the western us, and downloadable versions of his teaching materials are also available for viewing.


learn more about swsbm






resources



master genus index
integrating all plant photos, illustrations, maps, abstracts, constituents, monographs, major papers and folios by genus and species.
view materials



all worksby michael moore
texts and herb manuals authored by michael moore, and teaching materials from the southwest school of botanical medicine.
view materials



research resources
classic eclectic medical and other historical texts and pictures hand-scanned by michael with his commentary.
view materials



bioregional herb resources
an updated resource list is in the works and will be added soon.
resources






please visit our courses page for free access to michael moore’s online swsbm programs. these lectures represent michael’s herbal wisdom and the unique knowledge that he accumulated during three decades of teaching and a lifetime of studying medicinal plants.

free courses








michael roland shaw moore
january 9, 1941 – february 20, 2009
husband | father | grandfather | great-grandfather | friend | teacher | musician | herbalist
so very beloved.


read founder’s memorial






remembering michael moore



michael moore was one of the “three leading lights” in western herbalism; w. lasassier, r. gladstar and m. moore. his books are treasures and incredible resources.
david winston




 

















pages



home
about
founder's memorial
courses
bioregional herb resources
contact





research



michael's master genus index
texts & manuals by michael moore
fenner's complete formulary and handbook
1918 dispensatory of the usa




british herbal manuals
eclectic medicine materia medica
eclectic medicine journals
herbology and herb growing




thomsonian medicine
ethnobotany & traditional plant use









donate here



newsletter sign-up


facebook
instagram
youtube



 





disclaimer: the contents of this website are presented for educational purposes only; as reference material and historical documentation, and are not intended for diagnosis or prescription nor to be used in place of consultation with a licensed health care practitioner. you are responsible for your own actions and their results.swsbm is a 501(c)(3) non profit educational organization dedicated to preserving the life work and legacy of michael r.s. moore. if you use or share information from this website, please provide a link when citing as a source, and consider making a donation to the non-profit organization. all donations will support maintenance and further development of the site and help make it freely available to all.

 


					© 2025 southwest school of botanical medicine | all rights reserved				














subscribe
* indicates required
first name 
last name 
email address *





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things – do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
 


 









			×			


 



search for:































