


split bean coffee news























    
	split bean coffee news
	
  


thank you for visiting our news coverage blog. here you will find all the news and news coverage on split bean coffee. for product information, visit our "official" website at www.splitbeancoffee.com





tuesday, november 03, 2009



	 

	 november 2009 - flavor of the month
	 
    


dear friends,with thanksgiving around the corner, we want to take a few lines to thank all of our loyal customers for their continue support. your patronage means a great deal to us, and we hope to continue to foster our relationship with all.please let us know if you have any special requests and we will do our best to create any special treats for your enjoyment.we would like to remind you to please be sure to order early for the holidays. it is never too early to order for xmas, or thanksgiving. we will schedule your order into production so that it arrives at your destination in time for you to enjoy.our deadline for thanksgiving is wed - nov 18th 2009.have a wonderful and safe holiday season.roger & paulsplit bean coffee flavor of the month - fall variety pack!for november our flavor of the month is our fall variety pack, available in both our alfajores and marshmallows.our alfajores variety pack includes our pumpkin, sweet potato and cranberry flavors. our marshmallow fall variety pack includes our egg nog, spicy, chocolate, pumpkin, and rum flavored marshmallows. they are a great addition to any cup of hot cocoa, or on s'mores.be sure to visit our flavor of the month page and try some of our great seasonal products including our version of mantecados & polvorones. two favorite holiday treats hailing originally from spain. we use a very old recipe to create a holiday favorite.split bean coffeeorder by nov 15th & you could wina split bean coffee gift box/basketplace any order between nov 2nd and nov 15th and you could win a gift box/basket valued at more than $75.00.this offer is only available to those in our official mailing list so your odd of winning are high!white chocolate peppermint barkavailable for a limited time, try our handmade white chocolate peppermint bark. made with organic peppermint oil, this is a treat for all ages.it is available through this newsletter at a reduced price. be sure to check out our holiday offerings page at our holiday pageone pound boxour price: $14.95list price: $16.95fall variety pack marshmallowsour fall variety pack is a seasonal favorite featuring our spicy marshmallows, eggnog marshmallows, rum flavored marshmallows and chocolate marshmallows.one poundour price: $12.95list price: $14.95alfajores - one dozen - standard sizetry our world famous alfajores. they make a great gift for the holidays. we have a great selection on our holiday pagebuy them here at a preferred price!our price: $12.95list price: $10.95polvorones - spain inspired cookiesmantecados and polvorones are a christmas season tradition in spain and latin america. these cookies originated in the region of andalusia and have become a favorite where ever spanish is spoken. split bean coffee now makes spanish style polvorones based on an old recipe, and using only natural ingredients. a great addition to any afternoon tea, chocolate, or coffee. our box contains 8 ounces of freshly made polvorones. polvorones are a crumble like cookie which is seasoned with spices and is fun to eat!our price: $9.95house roast - 1 lb.have you tried our micro-roasted coffees lately? if not, you are missing out in one of the smoothest roasts available.try it at a reduced price. available only to those in our mailing list.our price: $9.95list price: $10.95nuns sensationtour the usa 2009this is a fundraiser for the homeless in the los angeles area. if you are in the la area, come and see this great musical review, enjoy some split bean coffee goodies and help out the community.st. victor's catholic church8634 halloway dr. west hollywood ca 90069call 818-506-4060 to reserve your tickets!save 10% are you planning to place a holiday order? give us a call at 818-448-5185 or 877-448-5185 and we will take your order for christmas delivery. orders must be placed by nov 27th, and you will receive a 10% off your entire order. this offer is only available to those in our official mailing list.offer expires: 11/27/2009forward emailthis email was sent to rnavas@splitbeancoffee.com by coffee@splitbeancoffee.com.update profile/email address instant removal with safeunsubscribe™ privacy policy.email marketing bysplit bean coffee 15009 hamlin van nuys ca 91411



posted by split bean coffee at 8:04 pm






friday, october 09, 2009



	 

	 spanish fiesta
	 
    






posted by split bean coffee at 8:45 pm









	 

	 happy autumn to all
	 
    


having trouble viewing this email?click heremonth/yearhappy autumn from split bean coffeedear friends,happy autumn to all. this has to be one of our favorite seasons, not only because of the changes in nature, but also because of all the flavors that are associated with the fall. this is the season, when moms, grandmas, and yes even dads make all those great meals and sweets to share on a cool evening. we've prepared some great treats for all to taste and bring back some great memories. we hope you enjoy them.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~gourmet magazine - thank you and adieu, we will miss you!it is with great sadness that we all received the news that one of america's greatest culinary magazine is closing it's doors. we will sure miss gourmet...all the great recipes, articles and culinary tips.our best wishes to the staff!flavor of the month - pumpkinour flavor of the month is pumpkin. yes we have pumpkin alfajores and marshmallows for all of your seasonal needs, and they are on sale only through this newsletter.if you have any issues placing an order online, feel free to give us a call at 818-448-5185 and we will be happy to take your order over the phone.remember, we are donating one dollar from each sale to our charity fund. this time we are donating to an orphanage in guatemala. guatemala has been hit with a drought, that has left many children hungry and malnourished. the monks of the orphanage say they can feed 4 kids for a day with $5.00, so anything we can sen them helps.your purchase, will help provide food for many homeless children.featured productsclick here to view all products pumpkinalfajoresstandard 12 standard size alfajores filled with pumpkin preserve. all 100% natural, and made to order.specially priced for our customers our price: $10.95list price: $12.95pumpkinalfajoresbite size 24 bite size alfajores filled with pumpkin preserve. all 100% natural and made to order.specially priced for our customers our price:$10.95list price:$12.95pumpkin marshmallowsour original creation - pumpkin flavored marshmallows. if you like pumpkin pie, you will love our pumpkin marshmallows. the are great with hot chocolate, or on sweet potato caserole . our price:$12.95list price:14.95pumpkinfudge handmade, delicious pumpkin fudge. made to order using high quality ingredients. available for a limited time. one pound+ boxour price:$16.95list price:$19.95holiday orderingwe know a lot of you like to place holiday orders to share with friends and family members. please be sure to order early. we are currently accepting advance orders for halloween, thanksgiving, christmas, and chanukah.we can package any of our products into a special holiday boxes/baskets for your gifting needs. we can also do private labeling for corporate gifts.if your order needs to arrive by a certain day, please be sure to call us and let us know. we can acommodate most requests, and if you live in the los angeles area, we can even arrange for personal delivery.for large order, we highly advice you let us know in advance. sincerely, roger & paulsplit bean coffee forward emailthis email was sent to coffee@splitbeancoffee.com by coffee@splitbeancoffee.com.update profile/email address instant removal with safeunsubscribe™ privacy policy.email marketing bysplit bean coffee 15009 hamlin van nuys ca 91411



posted by split bean coffee at 8:41 pm






tuesday, july 07, 2009



	 

	 watermelon marshmallows - get your share
	 
    


special deals from split bean coffeevan nuys, california 91411coffee tip!!!a great way to keep ready-made coffee extract in your fridge is to take one pound of ground coffee and add 10 cups of water.  let it rest overnight and strain the grounds in the morning. when you want iced coffee, just add ice to a glass, add some of the concentrate, and water or milk to taste, and your favorite sweetener. voilá you have iced coffee.flavor of the monthfolks, it is summer time and it is hot outside.  time to layer up on the sun block and drink lots of iced coffee.  be sure to visit our recipes page to get some ideas on our favorite easy to make coffee drinks. our featured flavor of the month is our variety pack alfajores, which includes our 3 most popular flavors: dulce de leche, guava, and raspberry.  we are also featuring for a limited time, our tutti frutti box.  made with imported berry preserve, these cookies will make an ideal addition to your summer gatherings.going camping, having kids over, or just want a fat free treat?  try our watermelon marshmallows.....by the way, they make great s'mores!  try replacing the dark chocolate with white chocolate.....yummy!special of the month - free coffee mug!buy any two (2) pounds of any of our micro-roasted coffees and receive a free split bean coffee mug.tutti fruitti alfajores.  made with imported berry preserve.  buy standard size boxes (12 cookies per box) and receive a third box for free.  available only through this email - offer exp - 07/30/2009to keep on shopping click herewatermelon marshmallowsif you ever had a watermelon jolly rancher, you will love the flavor of our watermelon marshmallows.  made using our 3 day process, our marshmallows are made to order in small packages and make great gourmet s'mores.. one pound bag for $12.95 - a $2.00 savingsregular price: $ 14.95newsletter price: $ 12.95don't want to use pay pal?  call us at (877) 448-5185 or (818) 448-5185 an we will take your order over the phone.freemug!buy two pounds of any of our micro-roasted coffees and receive a free split bean coffee mug with your order.order by july 4th and receive 2 mugs with your order of 2 lbs or more.offer expires: 07/30/2009



posted by split bean coffee at 3:33 pm






tuesday, april 14, 2009




split bean coffee newsletteranniversary edition - no. 53in this issuecoffee for change2 for the price 1quick linksofficial websitejoin our listissue: # 53 april/2009dear friends,april marks our 5th anniversary of this great adventure called split bean coffee. in this short time, we have grown our offerings quite a bit. from offering just one type of coffee, and dulce de leche alfajores to our current selection of over 20 type of alfajores, a large selection of micro-roasted coffees, and becoming one of the top artisan gourmet marshmallow makers in the country, with over 20 flavors.over the years one thing has remain constant, we continue to make all of our goods by hand, and our coffees are roast to order.all in all, our greatest satisfaction is your repeat business. this is a sign that we continue to satisfy your sweet tooth, and that we continue to make our goods just as we did five years ago.along the way, we have also given back to our local and global community. giving back is one of main cornerstone. our charitable giving is funded by your purchases and in some case generous donations from some of you.thank you all for your loyalty and support.your friends,roger & paulpurchase coffee and we will donate $5.00coffee for changepurchase any bag of our micro-roasted coffees, and we will donate $5.00 to our charity fund. part of our fund will be used to help our adopted school in leon, nicaragua. in the past we have used the remainder funds to help pet rescue organizations, orphanages.just think, you can enjoy some of the best coffee in the world, and at the same time help us in our mission to make a small difference in someone's life.www.splitbeancoffee.comdon't wish to buy coffee? how about contributing $5.00 to our campaigns?anniversary special offeringget 2 for the price of one!a few weeks ago, we offered a pre-anniversary special. it was a great hit, and we were happy to see you take advantage of the special. so, we are extending it!buy any of our regular alfajores (chocolate covered excluded) and receive a second box free. offered is valid only on orders placed over the telephone (818) 448-5185. don't have time to call, take advantage of the following buy now button.buy two get one free$25.90buy two boxes of our traditional style dulce de leche alfajores and get a third box for free. they keep well in the freezer for future use, or make a great gift. you get 3 boxes of our standard size alfajores la misión - dulce de leche filled for the price of two. all 100% preservative free!flavor of the monththis month we have a surprise flavor. actually it is a surprise variety pack with several of our favorite fruit flavor including strawberry, apricot, peaches, figs and our standard dulce de leche. if you are interested in just one of seasonal flavor, give us a call 818-448-5185 .visit our flavor of the month pagesplit bean coffee invites our southern california customers to spend a saturday with la peña andaluza at their outdoor picnic - "feria de sevilla"yes, come a taste a little of southern spain, enjoy delicious tapas, spanish wines, beer, and lots of flamenco dancing. know how to dance sevillanas? put on your dancing shoes.this event is by invitation only. your invitation is this printed newsletter.poa park (antiguo gemmrig park)7390 carson st., long beach, ca 90808(on academy rd. behind the long beach towne center)come and bring the entire family, and invite your friends to one of the most authentic paella's in southern california.stop by the bar or kitchen and say hello to roger or paul.for additional info you may visit:peña andaluza en californiaroger navas-balladaressplit bean coffeeforward email



posted by split bean coffee at 7:52 am









	 

	 "feria" de sevilla en california
	 
    


sevilla´s fair in california 2009 abril 24 & 25organized by peña andaluza en californiacome and taste the flavor of the south of spainpoa park (antiguo gemmrig park)7390 carson st., long beach, ca 90808(on academy rd. behind the long beach towne center) 



posted by split bean coffee at 7:47 am









	 

	 april 2008
	 
    


split bean coffee newsletteranniversary edition - no. 53in this issuecoffee for change2 for the price 1quick linksofficial websitejoin our listissue: # 53april/2009dear friends,april marks our 5th anniversary of this great adventure called split bean coffee.   in this short time, we have grown our offerings quite a bit.  from offering just one type of coffee, and dulce de leche alfajores to our current selection of over 20 type of alfajores, a large selection of micro-roasted coffees, and becoming one of the top artisan gourmet marshmallow makers in the country, with over 20 flavors.over the years one thing has remain constant, we continue to make all of our goods by hand, and our coffees are roast to order.all in all, our greatest satisfaction is your repeat business.  this is a sign that we continue to satisfy your sweet tooth, and that we continue to make our goods just as we did five years ago.along the way, we have also given back to our local and global community.  giving back is one of main cornerstone.  our charitable giving is funded by your purchases and in some case generous donations from some of you.thank you all for your loyalty and support.your friends,roger & paul purchase coffee and we will donate $5.00coffee for change                   purchase any bag of our micro-roasted coffees, and we will donate $5.00 to our charity fund.  part of our fund will be used to help our adopted school in leon, nicaragua.  in the past we have used the remainder funds to help pet rescue organizations, orphanages. just think, you can enjoy some of the best coffee in the world, and at the same time help us in our mission to make a small difference in someone's life.www.splitbeancoffee.com don't wish to buy coffee?  how about contributing $5.00 to our campaigns? anniversary special offering get 2 for the price of one!a few weeks ago, we offered a pre-anniversary special.  it was a great hit, and we were happy to see you take advantage of the special. so, we are extending it!buy any of our regular alfajores (chocolate covered excluded) and receive a second box free.  offered is valid only on orders placed over the telephone (818) 448-5185.  don't have time to call, take advantage of the following buy now button.buy two get one free$25.90buy two boxes of our traditional style dulce de leche alfajores and get a third box for free. they keep well in the freezer for future use, or make a great gift. you get 3 boxes of our standard size alfajores la misión - dulce de leche filled for the price of two. all 100% preservative free!flavor of the monththis month we have a surprise flavor. actually it is a surprise variety pack with several of our favorite fruit flavor including strawberry, apricot, peaches, figs and our standard dulce de leche. if you are interested in just one of seasonal flavor, give us a call 818-448-5185 .visit our flavor of the month page split bean coffee invites our southern california customers to spend a saturday with la peña andaluza at their outdoor picnic - "feria de sevilla"yes, come a taste a little of southern spain, enjoy delicious tapas, spanish wines, beer, and lots of flamenco dancing.  know how to dance sevillanas?  put on your dancing shoes.this event is by invitation only.  your invitation is this printed newsletter.location:poa park (antiguo gemmrig park)7390 carson st., long beach, ca 90808(on academy rd. behind the long beach towne center)come and bring the entire family, and invite your friends to one of the most authentic paella's in southern california.  stop by the bar or kitchen and say hello to roger or paul.  for additional info you may visit:peña andaluza en california(619) 234-7897roger navas-balladaressplit bean coffee forward emailthis email was sent to coffee@splitbeancoffee.com by coffee@splitbeancoffee.com.update profile/email address  instant removal with safeunsubscribe™  privacy policy.email marketing bysplit bean coffee  15009 hamlin  van nuys  ca  91411



posted by split bean coffee at 7:44 am






tuesday, march 03, 2009



	 

	 happy st. paty's day
	 
    


  welcome to split bean coffee's newsletter.  be sure and visit our website.  see anything you crave?  order it online or by calling us at (818)448-5185 .  we will gladly private label any of our products for your special event. check out or corporate gifts section - our offerings are priced right, and make a unique gift for your customers.  location title 15009 hamlinvan nuys, california 91411split bean coffee newsletter n.51  roger's corner - flavor of the month dear friends, we want to wish you all a happy march, and a very happy st. patrick's day.  remember to always have fun, and most of all be safe. for st. patrick's day we are offering a very special variety pack filled with green marshmallows in the following flavors : coconut, lemon-lime, sour green apple, irish cream, and mint.  they make a great gift, and a great addition to your st. patrick's day dessert tray. if you prefer to order a bag of just one of the above mentioned flavors, give us a call, and we will prep a special order for you. tel (818) 448-5185 to order your st. paty's day marshmallows click here   peanut butter update a few of you have asked us if our peanut butter is safe to eat.  please note that our peanut butter cookies are 100% safe to eat.  our peanut butter source is not part of the contamination scare that has plagued most major manufacturers of peanut butter based products.   so, if you are craving peanut butter cookies, and are afraid to tried any of the commercially/mass produced products, feel free to try one of our alfajores americanos. they are 100% safe.  alfajores 3 for the price of 2buy two get one free$25.90buy two boxes of our traditional style dulce de leche alfajores and get a third box for free. they keep well in the freezer for future use, or make a great gift. you get 3 boxes of our standard size alfajores la misión - dulce de leche filled for the price of two. all 100% preservative free!  freecoffeesample  all order received by march 7th, 2009 will receive a free sample of one of our micro-roasted coffees.  orders over $50.00 will receive a free 4 oz sample of  our chocolate fudge.offer expires: march 7th, 2009forward emailthis email was sent to rnavas@splitbeancoffee.com by coffee@splitbeancoffee.com.update profile/email address  instant removal with safeunsubscribe™  privacy policy.email marketing bysplit bean coffee  15009 hamlin  van nuys  ca  91411



posted by split bean coffee at 6:23 pm






sunday, november 23, 2008



	 

	 split bean coffee - nov 2008
	 
    


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~split bean coffee newsletternovember 2008 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~in this issueflavor of the monthmantecados & polvoroneshelp us help othersdear friends, the holiday season is upon us and we are busy helping santa get all those alfajores, mantecados, polvorones, marshmallows, brittles and specially coffee ready for those who have been nice.   our holiday selections are now available on our website - holiday selections.  we would highly advise all of you to order early.  you can always order in advance by calling us at 877-448-5185.as always we use usps priority mail to ship all orders, and this service normally takes 2-3 business days from the time we ship.  please do keep in mind all of our offerings are made to order. holiday ordering deadlines: thanksgiving 2008 - please order by nov 18th christmas 2008 - please order by dec 15th if you need an order to arrive by a specific date, please give us a call.we wish you all a very happy and safe thanksgiving, as well as give you thanks for your wonderful support in 2008.    the split bean coffee familyflavor of the month - nov 2008 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~our flavor of the month is our fall variety pack! our alfajores fall variety pack is composed of pumpkin, cranberry, and sweet potato flavors.  they make a great gift for the holiday host. be sure and get a box for your home.our marshmallows fall variety pack contains our spicy, eggnog, rum, and chocolate mallows.  if you wish to order any of these in a single flavor bag, feel free to give us a call at (818) 448-5185 mantecados and polvorones - a brief history~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~september is when christmas begins in the small town of estepa, spain. this quaint town located in the province of seville, jump starts into full production of mantecados, a humble shortbread-like cookie native to the area.  mantecados bring much happiness to the millions of people who over the years have made of these delicious cookies a treasured christmas tradition.   over the centuries, estepa has become famous for their christmas sweets, but mantecados and their sister cookies polvorones and alfajores are more than just an ancient tradition.  the industrialization of these cookies has provided much needed development and economic growth to the town's people and surrounding areas.it is a very sweet reward to the people of estepa that such a traditional and artisan product has become much appreciated in the entire iberian peninsula and abroad.  today, mantecados, polvorones and alfajores are as much a christmas tradition where ever spanish is spoken, as turkey is the usa for thanksgiving.  as in the case of alfajores, both mantecados and polvorones are also quite popular in latin america where as with all other gastronomic traditions of spanish origin, they have been adapted and infused with local flavors and ingredients, and are now consumed year-round. the origin of the spanish mantecado dates back to the xvi century, a time when the region of andalusia experienced a surplus of grains and pork products.   around this time, a certain type of biscuit commonly known as  "lard cakes" were popular in every house and specially in the religious convents like the famous convent of santa clara, where the historical archives reference the kind of dishes and ingredients used to make these biscuits.  however, the first direct reference to mantecados dates to the end of the xix century, and is tied to the life of a woman named filomena micaela ruiz tellez.  the beginning of the mass production of mantecados is credited to micaela, as she was popularly known.  her husband was a peddler between the town of estepa and the city of cordoba, and she gave him a few of her cakes to sell on the way.  the biscuits where a hit and soon they turned into a full time enterprise.  micaela's success was primarily due to her baking method, which consisted of completely drying the cookies to produce a shortbread bread like biscuit which was crispy in the outside, yet tendered in the inside. by 1934 there were over 15 homes in estepa where families where fully devoted to the production of mantecados for the andalusia market.  today there are over 30 artisan factories in estepa which are dedicated to the production of mantecados and polvorones for the domestic and international markets. these artisan workshops continue to use the closely guarded original recipes and are organized into the estepa association of manufacturers of mantecados. although mantecados, polvorones, and alfajores are produced throughout latin america and where ever spanish is spoken, only a very selected few follow the spanish recipe for mantecados and polvorones from estepa.  we at split bean coffee have developed and tested our own recipe using as reference a recipe book dating to the xvii century found in a friend's personal library.  after many trials and taste tests we have reproduced a product that can proudly say is truly inspired in the mantecados first made by filomena micaela ruiz tellez from estepa, and still produced in estepa, spain. we are very proud to have discovered this old recipe and to pay tribute to many centuries of tradition by making our mantecados and polvorones using only natural ingredients.  you can order your own spanish style mantecados, polvorones and latin american style alfajores on our website at www.splitbeancoffee.com  . help us help others we are happy to inform you all that this holiday season, we are donating one dollar from each sale to needy children in leon, nicaragua.last year we donated a portion of our sales to an orphanage in lima, peru and the nuns were very thankful for the donation.  we hope we can count on you to make this campaign a success. giving a little back to less fortunate children is very important to us at split bean coffee.



posted by split bean coffee at 8:35 pm






friday, october 10, 2008



	 

	 flavor of the month - pumpkin galore!
	 
    


dear friends in coffee:october is upon us and with it my favorite season of all! autumn is a time for change, a time to prepare for the wonderful feast of the end of the year. with that in mind, we are proud to bring back some of our favorite flavors.flavor of the month - pumpkin galore!split bean coffee is proud to introduce once again our original pumpkin flavored alfajores and marshmallows. our pumpkin alfajores are made with homemade pumpkin preserve and a dash of secret spices to add a touch of heat, and our mallows are scented with a hint of pumpkin spice and special oils that brings us memories of grandma's fresh baked pumpkin pie. like rachel ray says "yummmo!". try a piece of our white chocolate pumpkin fudge and you will die and go to pumpkin heaven!if you are ordering for delivery by oct 31st - please order early - our deadline for shipping on time using usps is oct 24th, by noon.spanish style - mantecados and polvornes!we are proud to also introduce two new cookies for your enjoyment - mantecados and polvorones. for those of you who don't know what mantecados and polvorones are, they are traditional christmas cookies that originated in spain over 400 years ago. this delicious cookies are made with almonds, flour, spices, and lard. mantecados are like spicy shortbread cookies, and polvorones are crumble like little biscuits that make a delicious mess when you eat them.our mantecados and polvorones are based on a centuries old dating to the late 1700's. we had to do a lot of trials and taste tests on several willing victims.holiday gifts?as you make your list and check it twice, we would like to remind you that split bean coffee products make great holiday gifts. do you have a large list of clients? a large extended family? or just a small group of friends.....who you know would love our handmade goodies?give us a call and we will help you put something together. you can always order over the phone (877)448-5185 or at www.splitbeancoffee.com .~~~~~split bean coffee has a lot of friends who have small businesses. here are a few of our circle of friends. as the holiday approach, please be sure to visit our friend's site. you might be surprise what you could find!confession's of a brazilian bikini waxer:get your copy of...reny´s confessions of a brazilian bikini waxer. if you think sex in the city, and women on the verge were funny, read this book. you will be laughing your way to your next waxing. if tyler perry got a hold of this book, i am sure he would make it into a movie!www.waxconfessions.comlet there always be laugther.and absolutely, no hair.you may also order your copy at (925) 682-7369 .btw if you know oprah or ellen, we would both love to be part of their shows!www.splitbeancoffee.com 



posted by split bean coffee at 5:35 pm









	 

	 this is crazy crazy - a pound is always 16 oz.
	 
    


a few weeks ago a friend of ours asked us to send samples to a company they thought might like our products.  well, we normally don't send samples because when we started split bean coffee, people took advantage of our "newbie" status and were requesting samples left and right. so, we implemented a policy where by the sample requester pays for the samples and we will then deduct their payment from their first order.this policy has worked great for us, and i would say that 9 out 10 the sampler requester does place a large order.so, out of courtesy to our dear friends, we made a sampler box to this "possible customer', since they had been pestering our friends for the items.   i personally delivered the samples to press the flesh like i always do for local prospects and they seemed genuinely surprise when they saw the samples.  one of them even stuffed their face with our marshmallows and she couldn't swallow the big hunk of mallow.a few days later i called to follow up on the samples and they basically told me that business was slow, but in passing they also mentioned that our bag of marshmallows were too big! this i could not understand.  we sell our mallows by the pound and eight ounce bags so how could a pound of mallows be too big to be a pound of mallows?  follow me?well, it turns out the boutique environment doesn't lend itself for such a big bag of mallow.  they suggested i trim down the size of the bag and charge the same or more.  perhaps a nice bow or higher end bag would be best, they suggest. in a time, when we should be using less packaging to promote less waste and polluting the environment in the process, i honestly don't feel my customers should be made to pay for this pollution.  i am a big believer of the keep it simple stupid rule.  i try very hard to make our products look as nice as possible with as little cost to our customers, or impact to the planet.  furthermore, at a time when companies give you less for your money, it is nice to know that our one pound bag still weights one pound.  i guess this is why the wall street journal said we were the best value for your money in the gourmet marshmallow category.i promise that when you pay for a pound of something at split bean coffee, you will get a pound of what you paid for, not a pound of wasteful packaging!www.splitbeancoffee.com



posted by split bean coffee at 11:36 am











about me

name:  split bean coffee 
location:  van nuys, california, united states 
taking life one day at a time and reaching for the stars while keeping my feet on the ground. "spleep is practice for being dead". i will sleep tomorrow!
view my complete profile

links

split bean coffee - our official website 
alfajores blog - our sister/brother blog 
correo de salem - eduardo gonzalez-viaã±a  
everyone needs to read this book!  it is a true insight into the world of waxing and life!
norman's music
julio's adventures  
paulo coelho
 pilgrimage to el rocio, spain and el rocio in america
delcious cuban restaurant in la
the john adams center
la peña andaluza en california
sally's place - the daily dish
google news
2,000 days in the valley
van nuys resident's view

previous posts

november 2009 - flavor of the month
spanish fiesta
happy autumn to all
watermelon marshmallows - get your share
split bean coffee newsletteranniversary edition - ...
"feria" de sevilla en california
april 2008
happy st. paty's day
split bean coffee - nov 2008
flavor of the month - pumpkin galore!

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
january 2008
april 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
march 2009
april 2009
july 2009
october 2009
november 2009





 






 


