






defoor center


























skip to content



 

defoor center




















so much good stuffs the defoor center can offer4. accessibility the location of your wedding is very important, but the accessibility of the venue is even more important. a venue that is near busy streets can lead to unnecessary frustrations for the guests and wedding celebration. the wonderful thing about the defoor center is that it is relatively accessible and easy to find. it also gives you the option of serving as both your reception venue and wedding [...]read more







these are the reasons why you need to choose the defoor centerthe defoor center boasts one of the most unforgettable places to celebrate your nuptials. since 2002, the defoor center has been an artistic and stylish setting for different-sized weddings. therefore you are in perfectly safe hands with the defoor center and its experienced members of staff. conveniently located in the same location as the old americollect, the 5500 square foot hexagon-shaped forum gallery is ideal for both your reception and [...]read more







the defoor centre – a perfect wedding venue for youonce you find the person you want to spend the rest of your life with, the next most logical step is to select the place to hold your celebration of commitment and love for one another: the wedding venue! it is important to carefully select your wedding venue for a number of reasons. a wedding venue is one of the most significant aspects of the entire wedding planning process. it [...]read more

























so much good stuffs the defoor center can offer
author  marvin hunter posted on january 22, 2021january 22, 2021





4. accessibility
the location of your wedding is very important, but the accessibility of the venue is even more important. a venue that is near busy streets can lead to unnecessary frustrations for the guests and wedding celebration. the wonderful thing about the defoor center is that it is relatively accessible and easy to find. it also gives you the option of serving as both your reception venue and wedding venue.
5. provision of essentials
the defoor center provides you with all of the essentials that you will need during your wedding whether these include tables, chairs, decorations, dancefloors, glasses, and cutlery. this makes your wedding planning easier and gives you more time to concentrate on other aspects of your wedding.
6. sufficient parking
it is important to choose a wedding or reception with ample parking space. this makes your wedding convenient since your guests won’t have to drive in circles looking for a place to park their automobiles. the defoor center offers sufficient parking space within the premises, giving you and your guests an easy time.
7. accommodation for guests
whether you are holding your wedding close to where you stay, or a little further away, it is important to think of where your guests will stay. more so if most of your guests are coming from interstate or overseas. you might host the perfect wedding but if your guests are not able to access accommodation then the event can end on a low note. one of the things that make the defoor center an all-rounded venue is that there are many areas nearby where your guests can find accommodation. so accommodation for your guests is another thing that you won’t have to worry about.
8.custom menu
the defoor center offers an in-house catering service and can tailor the menu to suit your guests including gluten-intolerant guests, vegetarians, or those with religious food needs. the defoor center offers a wide selection of fine wines and quality spirits, as well as specialty sandwiches, fresh salads, soup, and homemade desserts. if these selections do not meet your requirements, you can make a custom request for your wedding’s menu.
the defoor center strives to make your experience as delightful as possible by taking away some of the hassles involved in planning an important event such as a wedding. this frees up time for you to concentrate on other aspects of the wedding. the defoor center is the perfect place to hold your wedding because of its convenient location, capacity to host many guests, availability, customizable packages, provision, and the relative ease with which guests can find parking spaces and accommodation. you will be hard-pressed to find a wedding venue in atlanta that offers a more well-rounded service like that provided by the defoor center. choosing to host your wedding event at the defoor center ensures that you will have one of the most memorable weddings ever.…







these are the reasons why you need to choose the defoor center
author  marvin hunter posted on january 17, 2021january 18, 2021





the defoor center boasts one of the most unforgettable places to celebrate your nuptials. since 2002, the defoor center has been an artistic and stylish setting for different-sized weddings. therefore you are in perfectly safe hands with the defoor center and its experienced members of staff. conveniently located in the same location as the old americollect, the 5500 square foot hexagon-shaped forum gallery is ideal for both your reception and ceremony, with sufficient space to comfortably seat 300 people, or 400 if you opt for the cocktail style. the 2900 square foot encore gallery easily accommodates one hundred and fifty guests or three hundred people cocktail style in its fun and unique space. the defoor center ensures that you and your guests create wonderful memories that will live on long after you dance, dine together, and toast to your happily ever after.
every room at the defoor center is special, and every event and adventure. it is one of the most unique venues to host your wedding event. the defoor center offers various wedding packages for different kinds of affairs. the pricing depends on various factors such as the amount of time you will spend at the event, the specific services offered, and the date of the event among others. however, most pricing and packages can be tailored to meet your budget and requirements.
reasons why the defoor center is perfect for your wedding
the defoor center is a perfect place to hold your wedding event for a number of reasons. these include:
1. availability
a venue’s availability is one of the main things you should consider when choosing where to hold your wedding. some public gardens and wedding venues are booked years in advance, particularly during holidays and special days such as valentine’s day. if your preferred wedding venue is booked on your wedding date and you are dead set on holding your wedding reception or ceremony there, you will either have to adjust your wedding date or look for a new venue. one of the wonderful things about the defoor center is that it is relatively easy to find a slot for your wedding. however, you need to book in advance so that you can get a reservation for your wedding.
2.size
another important aspect when it comes to wedding venues is the size of the venue. the choice of a wedding venue is influenced by the number of guests you would like to invite. what makes the defoor center such a great place to host a wedding is that the venue is suitable for weddings of different sizes. whether you plan on inviting 100 or 400 guests to your wedding, the deefor center’s got you covered. so, size will not be an issue.
3.customizable price
budget is an unavoidable topic in the wedding planning process. it determines how far the limits of the event can be stretched. in some cases, a low budget can even mean not being able to host your wedding at your preferred venue. the defoor center understands how important your wedding is to you and your loved one. that’s why it offers customizable prices tailored to your needs. this means that you no longer have to worry about your budget being too low.…







the defoor centre – a perfect wedding venue for you
author  marvin hunter posted on january 13, 2021





once you find the person you want to spend the rest of your life with, the next most logical step is to select the place to hold your celebration of commitment and love for one another: the wedding venue! it is important to carefully select your wedding venue for a number of reasons. a wedding venue is one of the most significant aspects of the entire wedding planning process. it is where you will share a meal as a married couple for the first and dance the night away. it will also act as the backdrop of all your wedding photos. finding the ideal wedding venue is a rewarding experience for you and your fiance.
with such a wide variety of wedding venues available, you might think that the quest for finding the perfect wedding venue is an easy one. i assure you it’s not. when deciding on the best place to hold your wedding reception, there are a variety of factors you must consider, and if even a single one of these factors does not suit your wedding requirement you probably have to find another venue. some of the factors you must consider when looking for a wedding venue include the availability of the venue, whether the venue can accommodate all your guests, your wedding budget, whether there is nearby accommodation for your guests, the accessibility of the venue, parking availability, in-house catering, provision of essentials such as chairs and tables, as well as the establishment’s regulations on hosting events.
established in 2002, the defoor center in atlanta is a premier wedding venue offering wedding services. the establishment’s galleries are perfect for weddings, corporate events, and mitzvahs. this unique space is situated in atlanta’s midtown westside just a few steps from ga 400, i-75 and i-85, midtown, atlantic, and buckhead station. the building was erected in 1860 and once acted as a hospital during the course of the civil war. a revivalist gospel church acquired the building in the 1970s, creating a 5500 square foot forum with a hexagon shape at defoor gallery. during the ’90s a team of artists created the rhombus room, gatsby room, the encore! gallery, and the warehouse space which is presently the bar/cafe.
the defoor center features a wide selection of fine wines and quality spirits by the bottle or glass and also offers specialty sandwiches, fresh salads, soup, homemade desserts, and daily specials. the casual and inviting environment is complemented by a table seating and lounge area that features constantly evolving artwork by local artists.
the defoor center’s award-winning chef offers a flavorful and wonderfully fresh menu during the day for guests. for special events, the establishment offers a selection of hors d’oeuvres alongside menu items that the chef artfully and carefully prepares to order. the defoor center’s experience, attention to detail, and unique gallery event spaces make every event special.…











search for:


search

categories

general




recent posts


so much good stuffs the defoor center can offer


these are the reasons why you need to choose the defoor center


the defoor centre – a perfect wedding venue for you





 









theme: by theme space















