             marching band visual design by robert strunks | rms visual designs                      

 

email

(800) 605-1608

get quoteskip to content


services
marching band drill
horn line visuals
custom color guard choreography
small and young band information
visuals dvd and pose books

drill examples
animated pyware drill examples
contest performance examples

testimonials
about us
who we are



click to get quote
take the field with confidence
more than 3,200 superior ratings
and high contest placements with rms

get price quote
  
marching band drilllearn more
horn line visualslearn more
guard choreographylearn more
small & young bandlearn morerms visual designs provides custom marching band drill design
for bands of all sizes and difficulty levelsevery show is custom tailored to each band's exact size and needs. i focus on delivering highly effective, teachable designs at affordable prices and always pay careful attention to the specific requirements of each individual ensemble.homecomplete visual packagescustom drill design
horn line visuals
guard choreographymarching band visual designby robert strunksrms visual designs can deliver marching band visual design that is custom tailored to your band size and difficulty level.  every aspect of your custom marching band drill will be personally designed by robert strunks. no assistants or ghostwriters are ever used.  he also works with 2 great designers who provide custom horn line visuals and color guard choreography for those who need a complete visual design package.  the guard, percussion and every other show element are always fully integrated into the designs.  recently, visual design clients ask that both stationary and movable props of all shapes and sizes be integrated into the show designs.  robert and his team have the ability to utilize props for maximum effect and understand that the props must be used effectively while not diminishing other important elements of the marching band show.robert focuses on delivering highly effective, cleanable designs at great prices. when writing your show, he pays close attention to the specific requirements of your individual ensemble. no matter the difficulty level or band size, he delivers the highest quality marching band visual design for your group. robert listens to his clients and uses a very detailed system which insures his designs meet your exact goals and needs.what my customers are saying:
each marching band drill has been a fantastic visual representation of the music, very easy to teach and fits my students’ ability level perfectly. robert provides my band with an incredibly professional and timely service. i can’t wait for my students to learn another marching band show by rms.
todd howell – warner robins, garead more testimonialsaward winning custom marching band showsbands have come to us in search of a designer who can create an award-winning marching band show for their program. rms visual designs has provided multiple groups with custom show designs that have resulted in more than 2,700 superior ratings and many high contest placements. several clients have won state and regional contests using his custom marching band shows.regardless of band size or difficulty level, he can provide an award-winning marching band show for your group. all drills are designed using the latest pyware 3d software making implementation as easy as ever. we also support the new ultimate drill book app in conjunction with pyware and will be happy to provide that output as well as the standard pdf charts and coordinates. your band’s success is always the top priority! our marching band show designs will bring your vision to life!
el diamante hs band in california. rms customer and 4 time wba champs
professionally designed marching band showsat rms visual designs, robert strunks has enjoyed many years of success for every conceivable concept. being a former marching band director and judge, robert knows exactly what you should expect from a marching band visual designer. you need someone who is punctual and professional that can provide you with an affordable, teachable drill that works for your specific situation with on-time delivery.you can choose your marching band show music from any source! robert can design a great show for any music that you choose! he also offers help in finding the right music for your marching band show.the marching band visual ideas that rms provides are personally written by robert strunks. at rms visual designs, we don’t rely on any outside assistance or ghostwriters for the drills. robert strunks will design an original drill for you that will exceed your expectations. he works closely with all of his clients, ensuring your visual and design goals are met. no matter the music, resources, size or difficulty we can guarantee a personally tailored, highly effective show design for your band. tight budget?save15%book by february 28th, 2025 and save 15%!
get quote
why choose rmssuccess is always my top priority for you and your students. 
award winning proven designs
on-time delivery / fast turnaround
30 years of experience
no ghost writers!
guard and percussion fully integrated
re-size service if section totals change
designed with pyware 3d
affordable prices starting at $500
unlimited consultation and support throughout marching seasondvd and posebooks now available!

click here
for horn line visualsis it better to hire a local designer?in most cases, no! 
it’s been my experience that local or novice designers add no value to the equation when putting together a marching band show. many of these designers also work for several bands that you will see all season. they offer the benefit of coming to rehearsal as a bonus. actually being on-site or attending rehearsals is not needed with my designs!i’ve worked successfully with many clients located in every corner of the us with no problems or delays. i can bring a fresh approach to your drill and visual program.my distance from your location is simply a
non-issue.client testimonials
“robert is a true professional. the marching band drill we received from him was on-time, complete and without error. he incorporated every concept we requested and followed all of the guidelines that we set...”
- jason boyden mona shores high school, michigan (118+ marching)

read testimonials

rms drill

4.9all of my drills are designed exclusively using the latest version of pyware.
rms visual designs provides custom marching band drill for bands at all sizes & difficulty levels. over 2,700 superior ratings and high contest placements.
 contact us(800) 605-1608
addressdallas, tx 75219
hoursmonday - friday
6 am - 9 pm cst
emailrobert@rmsdrill.comadditional linkshome
privacy policy
terms of service
sitemap
© 2025 rms visual design
site designed and optimized by ottaway digital
© 2025 rms visual design
site designed and optimized by ottaway digital
get a quotefill out the form below to receive a fast, customized price quote.exact section totals and show music do not have to be finalized.
i only need approximate section totals to give you an exact price.get quote






director name
*


director last name
*


school name & state
*


email
*

(must be accurate)

mobile phone number


(if provided, i will send a text to let you know the quote has been sent.)
winds marching
*

(approximate number)
percussion marching
*

(approximate number)
guard marching
*

(approximate number)
number of drill pages
*

(approximate number)select difficulty
* 
 easy/beginning 
 intermediate/some challenge 
 complex/highly competitive 
include the price for horn line visuals in the quote?
*
 
 yes 
 no
include the price for custom guard choreography?
*
 
 yes 
 no
other info, special considerations: show music, expectations for the drill, etc: (optional)


discount code or tell me how you found my website for 15% off



recaptcha




if you are human, leave this field blank.	

book by february 28th, 2025 and save 15%!submit
×	                        