




robin washington – columnist, editor, producer




























skip to the content





search for:







robin washington

columnist, editor, producer










home
about
appearances
you don’t have to ride jim crow!
jean birkenstein washington
contact


toggle search field






home
about
appearances
you don’t have to ride jim crow!
jean birkenstein washington
contact








robin washington
sticky post
 




 

robin washington grew up in a chicago family of black and jewish civil rights activists, participating in sit-ins and protests when he was three years old — events he recalls fondly as “family outings,” though history records them as dangerous… continue reading →
 

february 3, 2017








let’s make it president harris after all
 




 

minnesota star tribune november 10, 2024 by robin washington president joe biden should resign. no, not because he messed up the democratic party’s presidential selection process, or because he didn’t govern well, or because he’s too old and feeble. that’s… continue reading →
 

november 10, 2024








blue counties in a sea of red: analyzing the election in northwest wisconsin
 




 

tuesday’s vote was first under new district maps wisconsin public radio by robin washington november 7, 2024 election night viewers of cnn and other broadcasts saw the map of wisconsin flashed repeatedly on their tv screens, with a noticeable patch… continue reading →
 

november 7, 2024








cargill suits, now settled, sound cautionary note on family disputes
 




 

promissory notes between parents and son led to dispute and suggestion of forgery wisconsin public radio by robin washington october 31, 2024 in ashland recently, two lawsuits have been settled involving kathy cargill, the 1976 graduate of ashland high school… continue reading →
 

october 13, 2024








how to talk politics across the dinner table divide
 




 

‘superior dialogue’ series offers advice on reaching out across the political aisle wisconsin public radio by robin washington september 19, 2024 here’s little debate that the political divide in america is as deep as ever, perhaps going back to the… continue reading →
 

september 11, 2024








meet wpr director sarah ashworth, plus theme song composer bruce nelson on the final episode of ‘simply superior’
 




 

just ahead of the premiere of wpr’s two new networks — “wpr news” and “wpr music” — “simply superior” airs its final show this week. the regional news and features will continue, however, in new “morning edition” segments produced by… continue reading →
 

may 17, 2024








an ‘outsider’ on park point, kathy cargill is actually an oredocker from ashland
 




 

wisconsin public radio by robin washington ashland, wisconsin — to read the hundreds of social media posts about her in recent weeks, kathy cargill is an uncaring outsider interloping on duluth’s picturesque park point; an over-privileged billionaire intent on tearing… continue reading →
 

april 6, 2024








a beautiful, black, queen esther with braids — and readers are liking what they see
 




 

forward by robin washington march 20, 2024 it’s not at all surprising that a jewish newspaper would publish an illustration of queen esther just before purim. but a portrait of esther as black — dark skin, dark hair and braids… continue reading →
 

march 20, 2024








« older posts










search form


search for:












 
 



		follow robin on facebook: 


			© 2025 robin washington — designed by erin pelikhov — built using  wordpress


up ↑


 
 

