



[homoeopathic online education, david little] home




















 











"this site is dedicated to the study of homœopathy and provides educational information, articles and services to homœopaths all over the globe." 



menu 

home
little talks podcasts
little library (articles by david little)
first aid room
homoeo faq
 course information 
members login 
about h.o.e 
contact us 



the homoeopathic compendium  
ebook and hardcover
for orders, discounts and to find out more visit: friendsofhealth.com









 h.o.e - home 
you are:  / home / 






new: first aid room: 
                      homoeopathic treatment of 
                      smoke and fire due to climate change and increasing population, more and more human beings are being exposed to the effects of wildfires and their attendant health risks. this article focuses on the treatment of burns, smoke inhalation, toxic exposures and mental trauma associated with fire.


the homoeopathic treatment of smoke and fire



 


little talks podcasts
 david little presents a new series of podcasts on homeopathy based on his 50 years of experience. our goal is to contribute to education in homeopathy and the complementary healing arts.

we hope you enjoy the podcasts! like and subscribe to our youtube channel.





q & a with david little - episode 1





episode 7: hahnemann's advanced methods posology and case management





< listen to more little talk podcasts >




   
h.o.e. (homoeopathic online education) is an organization  founded by david little. david  has been practicing homoeopathy for the past 45 years. a collection of his articles and other educational information are the core part of this site. our goal is to provide valuable knowledge of the true methods of homoeopathy, so that it can be used in a safe and effective manner.



we have an extensive range of high quality free homoeopathic education through our website in an effort to improve the understanding and practice of homoeopaths around the world. we hope that you find this information to be helpful and enlightening  in your homoeopathic studies.
education:


little talks podcasts
little library (articles by david little)
 first aid room
homoeo faq






homoeopathy and the novel corona virus (covid-19) 


this article presents a homoeopathic study of the novel coronavirus (covid-19). part 1, a homoeopathic approach to covid-19 examines the nature of the disease state and potential prophylactic remedies. part 2, a comparative homoeopathic materia medica of covid-19, describes the indications for some of the potential homoeopathic remedies. part 3, administering the remedy, offers guidelines on dose, potency and case management protocols. part 4, preparation of the remedy solution, provides practical details on preparing the remedy for administration. part 5, remedy instruction sheets for patients, provides templates to be filled in with the posology details for clients.




part 1 : a homoeopathic                      approach to covid-19
part 2 : comparative homoeopathic materia medica of covid-19
 part 3 : administering the remedy
part 4 : preparation of the remedy solution
part 5: remedy instruction sheets for patients




 


 


like and follow us on facebook



facebook








homoeopathic compendium 
                (ebook and hardcover)  
this is the perfect time to own the essential guide to homoeopathic practice. the compendium is the most comprehensive and up to date textbooks suitable for all homeopaths.
for orders, discounts and to find out more visit:
friendsofhealth.com 


                 


 








 








 














simillimum.com | © david little, hoe: 1996-2023, all rights reserved.
home | top of page   










