





dive hmas brisbane: dive hmas brisbane scuba dive hmas brisbane
























hmas brisbane dive mooloolaba

we offer the leading diving service on the hmas brisbane.







 


home
diving courses
dive shop
contact us & bookings
live aboard diving
hmas brisbane
dive mooloolaba


contact information
  




hmas brisbane marine park
shark dives
dive overseas   - truk lagoon  - tonga - malapascua island
regions diving
mooloolaba
hmas brisbane  image gallery
dive hmas brisbane video
where we are
who we are
deposit & conditions
hmas brisbane history


	    mooloolaba 
	    
	    queensland
	    australia 
	    4557


 










10% off for summer
small rolling swell and southerly winds. divers are coming back to the dive centre just raving about the dives they have been having. we’re diving every day this week and over the weekend. 




this year we will see the 11th year anniversary of the scuttling of the former hmas brisbane as a dive wreck/artificial reef off mooloolaba. what a success it has been. when you dive the hmas brisbane we will see the life that is there, it is just amazing.
      i am sure the manner in which the soft and hard corals have colonised and the diverse marine life that now calls the brisbane it's home, has stunned everyone.
want to experience the ultimate adrenalin rush?
      then book a dive with the sharks at underwater world
new: an image gallery of the life of the hmas brisbane.
 blue water dive, mooloolaba to provide you with the ultimate diving experience. 
      catering to all  of your diving requirements. 
      blue water dive, mooloolaba is the only  accredited padi 5 star instructor development centre on the sunshine coast.  our training staff consist of very experienced, fully qualified instructors,  male and female, who are the primary educators for our scuba diving training  programs. we teach people from beginners right through to instructors.

the padi discover scuba diving course is a fantastic way to be introduced to the amazing underwater world which is only accessible on scuba!
 learn to dive  with the sunshine coasts longest established 5 star instructor development centre
 (this means we teach from beginners right through to instructors). 
 advanced diving  continuing the adventure is one of the best moves you can make and possibly the best course there is. 
 the padi rescue diver will expand your knowledge and experience beyond a purely recreational level as you will learn to look beyond yourself and consider the safety and well being of other divers. 
 dive master  take the first step in your professional dive career and become a padi dive master. working closely with a padi instructor, you'll expand your dive knowledge and hone your skills as you become a dive professional. 
 specialities  various specialities including wreck, deep, and nitrox 
 dive instructor courses  become a dive instructor with the sunshine coasts longest established
5 star instructor development centre. 

 "dive hmas brisbane".   we are the leading dive centre servicing the wreck of the ex hmas brisbane.
our extensive range of oceanic dive equipment, is from a world class manufacturer and is regularly serviced and maintained to ensure consistent serviceability and performance. for more info please visit the  dive shop. beautiful all year diving conditions and ease of access have  made former destroyer, the hmas brisbane, one of australia’s most talked about dive sites. hmas sydney, recently discovered off the west australian coast will not become a dive site. a unique conservation marine park has been created around the ex-hmas brisbane, a former warship that is now under 28 metres of water off the sunshine coast.
      tony and i have completed a number of dives to complete our tdi advanced nitrox and decompression diving instructor program. we will be offering both of those courses through blue water very shortly. it was a great program, very challenging at times, however very rewarding. special thanks to richard taylor for the very well conducted program.
  blue water dive is  one of only two scuba diving charter operators who are permited to dive on the wreck of the 
ex hmas brisbane

      australia's number one wreck dive site.
check the latest dive video and the myriad of fish and marine life making hmas brisbane home.





to dive the hmas brisbane you must complete appropriate paperwork. spend more time in the water. 
mooloolaba 
queensland
australia 4557


hmas brisbane blue water dive are one of only two south east queensland scuba diving charter operators who are permitted to dive on the wreck of the ex-hmas brisbane off mooloolaba.
for more information on australia's number one wreck dive site, follow this link to our ex-hmas brisbane web page. 

  by the way, we're diving on the wreck of the ex-hmas brisbane daily from our new centre at mooloolaba. 
this is a 'must see' queensland wreck dive, so don't miss out, book now!          




	 







homediving courses hmas brisbane dive mooloolaba regions divingmooloolaba
      hmas brisbane historydive hmas brisbane reportsdive  shopwhere we arewho we are | dive ex-hmas brisbane 
contact us & bookingshmas brisbane image gallery
shark dives underwater world top 
 blue water dive,  mooloolaba, queensland, australia 4557 
 copyright © 1998 2018 all rights reserved 12website.com
        sunshine coast 
      web design 




