










rosnet inc.
























rosnet inc.

home
our services
about us
contact


menu















rosnet data management  est. 1974
revolutionizing race analysis through data analysis

our services
contact us











our services







the future of the racing industry is undeniably tied to advancements in data analytics, predictive modeling, and the utilization of ai. rosnet offers two methods of data delivery that provide client access to the raw racing data required to feed these dynamic innovations in technology.
data axsâ©
enhance and optimize your ability to identify winning idicators and wagering discrepancies with rosnet's data axs service. ideal for advanced analytics and predictive modeling, data axs provides clients with access to our proprietary soap/xml feed with a monthly subscription. clients connect and consume live racing data daily with just a few clicks. this access includes event details, race information, runner performance, tote results/payouts, and more.
sample data xml can be provide upon request.
historical data
rosnet provides historical racing data packages spanning back as far as the early 1990's from 50+ racetracks from across the usa. clients can customize their requests with specific tracks and/or date ranges to build out their own custom historical data package that meets their needs. using the same database format/layout as our data axs product, clients are able to seemlessly integrate the two data services into one, and really get thier analytics "dialed in" and optimized.
sample data can be provide upon request.














industry leading data solutions and software development since 1974
contact us for additional information about the services and solutions we offer.

contact us













about rosnet







established in 1974 by our founder raymond j. barber, rosnet began as an in-house network database solution for maintaining, updating, and producing necessary files for the daily operation of pari-mutuel racing. rosnet (racing office systems network) was the first of it's kind, and the technology developed helped progress network access/utilities, data analytics, and file sharing capabilities. connecting race tracks across the globe allowed for exponential growth and transformed racing into the multi-billion dollar industry it is today.
with the advent of the modern internet that we know today in the 1990s and the access it provided to home users, rosnet began developing methods for making data available for race fans previously only available at the track. with this came advancements in data analytics and file compression methods. one of rosnet's next products was called 'statform', a printable visual representation of performance data, giving users an unprecedented look into race prediction. based on hundreds of historical factors (such as break speed, vertical and horizontal movement, time splits, and results vs. class), staform quickly became a 'must have' for professional and amateur handicappers alike.
with the success of statform came a desire for additional tools and resources, which led to rosnet developing our early 2000s flagship product 'gap' (greyhound access program). gap was an online subscription based custom software solution that allowed users to take data access and data visualization to an entirely new level. providing historical racing results, programs, instant replays, custom tracking, tote data, and much more on the fly, gap was an essential program for all race fans.
as internet speeds increased and advancements in browser capabilities improved, rosnet began developing our next gen of products, online/mobile wagering platforms, management software, and data access for large syndicate wagering groups. rosnet helped to advance live streaming video access for consumer consumption and helped transition users from software that was once only available as downloadable executables to the mobile friendly and powerful web based applications we all know and use today.
for over a half century (2024 was our 50th year in operation!) rosnet has provided our clients and customers industry leading products and unmatched support. this commitment was our priority when we were established by raymond j. barber in 1974, it was our priority when raymond retired and passed on his legacy to his daughter (lesley j. o'connell), his son (andrew barber), and his grandson (sean patrick barber) in the 2010s. it was our priority when raymond and his beautiful wife barbara left us in 2022. and it is most definitely our priority now, still as an industry leader, still family owned and operated, and still striving to advance the industry itself and the technology of today.















contact us



contact us by phone (828) 447-3687, email sean@rosnet2000.com, or use the contact form below to send us a message.




















send message















copyright © 2025-26 rosnet inc.




















