




zephz athletic footwear




































 
 





toggle navigation







home
products
technology
about us
care/sizing
contact us





 for the rigorous demands of today's athletecheerleadingteam sports 
 

product spotlight


 

widetraxx soccer lime green/black 


				zephz welcomes back an old friend with a new update, wide traxx soccer in lime green/black. an ee width shoe that features a modern looking one piece synthetic golf ball design embossed upper. tpu cleated outsole with rivets. includes nylon black laces and additional bonus colored laces.

			



 

zenith black 


				now available in black! the zenith is a sleek low profile design with synthetic leather upper that is easy to clean. the sole is an eva heel wedge and rubber outsole with great traction. the sole has a narrow heel design for comfortable stunts. heel support is provided with a thermoplastic heel counter.
			



 

thunder black 


				zephz introduces our most unique competition shoe! only 5 ounces, 142 grams*. the thunder has a sleek low profile design that has a technological advanced mesh upper. the 3d mesh upper is not only light weight but adds fit support. the shoe also debuts a new molded eva foam sole with rubber landing areas and 360 degree stunt edge for comfortable stunts. turbo dry linings and molded heel counter for support and torque control. available in black only.
			

click here for our full product catalog

click here for online and local locations to purchase zephz products
  all zephz shoes are specifically designed for the demands of their sport. before production, the designs are are evaluated by nicholas m. romansky, d.p.m. dr romansky is the team podiatrist for the u.s. world cup and national men's and women's soccer teams, and a medical consultant to many of philadelphia's professional teams. this allows us to insure that our shoes provide a maximum level of comfort while giving as much consideration as possible to injury prevention.learn moreabout usmanufactured for the rigorous demands of today’s athletefounded in 1998, by a former converse and adidas product engineer with a background in athletic footwear design and development, zephz brings over 30 years experience to your sport.  at zephz our commitment has always been to provide unique, high quality athletic footwear. we are designing shoes that will take athletes to the next level.     zephz products are designed for long life. for sizing, tips on getting the most out of your product and extending its life, click the "learn more" button.learn more 



get in touch 


















send message




 
 



398 circle of progress, suite 105
pottstown, pa 19464contact us

dealer loginhttps://ifccheer.org/http://ukca.org.uk
 
 
 














