











































    
    concessions event rentals in bergen county, nj | serving new york & new jersey | nj's #1 wedding rental company | chocolate fountains, photo booths, ice cream & more
  
  















                  about us



  faqs



  join our team



  blog



  contact us






   0





    

  






    


   










    
 





       we offer concessions & special event rentals for every occasion in ny, nj, ct & pacreate a wishlist todaycotton candyand classic concessions for parties and events!browse concessionsmake your wedding an event to rememberfrom dessert stations and late night snacks to photo booths and more! learn moredecadent chocolate fountainsdelicious and memorable for a dessert bar that is sure to impress!learn moremake your next birthday party unforgettable!our snow cones, cotton candy carts, soft pretzels or churros and hot dog carts are perfect for kids.browse concessionsice cream sundaes & morewe offer soft serve machines, ice cream sundae bars, ice cream cart rentals and more.checkout ice cream rentals



    taking events from good to great since 2008

proudly serving nj, ny, ct & pa 
we're not just an average rental company. conrad’s concessions events is an awesome full service event rental company in dumont, nj, with over 8,000 events under our belt.  whether you're planning a wedding, corporate event, or backyard party, we have everything you need to make your event extra special. our team is dedicated to providing exceptional customer service to ensure that your event is unforgettable. we can help you create a customized package that fits your unique needs and preferences, from elegant wedding decor to a playful carnival theme. we offer a broad range of fun products with the sole purpose of making your event special.
  featured rentals



    
      

  chocolate fountains
lorem ipsum
  

learn more






    

  photo booths
  

how to order






    

  soft pretzels
  

meet our team







     

  belgian waffles + ice cream
  

button






    

  churros
  

button






    

  hot nut cart
  

button












    all time favorites



       cotton candy
 our cotton candy machines are a nostalgic treat. easy to operate and fun to make! whether your event is large or small, we have a package for you.



     popcorn
 your party guests will love grabbing a red & white bag of freshly popped popcorn at your next big event.



     frozen drinks
 margaritas are our specialty but these machines are great for all kinds of parties and events for grown ups and kids too!





       hot dogs
 there's nothing more fun than an old fashioned hot dog cart. perfect for a backyard party or event.



     snow cones
 there's nothing better than an ice-cold snow cone on a hot summer day. great for fundraisers and kids' birthday parties!



     nachos
 chip warmers and hot cheese dispensers go hand in hand when it comes serving up finger food at your next party!





     

view all rentals




    our story
 
conrad's concessions events was founded in 2008 by an ambitious college student, addam agderian. what started as a small side business has since grown to include a team of employees and a full suite of rental products and special event machinery. since our earliest beginnings, we have remained committed to a number of traditions, but by far the most important one is the way we treat our clients. just look at the hundreds of reviews clients have left us over the years. this is what sets conrad’s concessions events apart from other rental companies.   

more about us


 



     


"conrad’s concessions did an amazing job for our daughters 1st birthday! the owner was very helpful and collaborative. the staff were extremely friendly and on top of everything throughout the party. thank you for the wonderful job! our guests greatly enjoyed all the fun treats you provided!"marisa s."i would like to personally thank conrad's concessions, especially adam who facilitated a last minute event planning for my non-profit ribbon cutting event. the staff he provided were extremely professional and very cheerful, although it was over 90 degree weather. everyone loved the vintage hot dog cart and the snow cones were a hit. we will definitely used them again in the future for our many events throughout the year. thanks adam!"abraham c."conrad's delivered! 2 fabulous attendants showed up early at our business event for our clients in plenty of time to pre-warm all the pretzels. the pretzels were fresh, the cart was adorable and the 2 attendants were always smiling and were extremely polite and helpful to our guests. i would highly recommend this service for your events or parties."trish g."when planning my grandson’s first birthday party and going with a baseball theme we decided on a popcorn vending machine. conrad’s concessions was great to work with! easy no hassle ordering, delivery and pick up! highly recommend! will call on them again for future events."terriann a."one of my clients used conrad’s concessions for their wedding! they were easy to work with and were so well prepared! addam and giselle did a great job and were both very nice! the guests all enjoyed the treats they served, conrad’s concessions was a big hit, you can’t go wrong!"sarah y.
view more
 




     


 new from conrad's concessions!



    
      

  yogurt parfait bar
  

button






    

  jalapeno poppers
  

button






    

  fried pickle chips
  

button






    

  waitstaff for your event
  

button









  

view more




    our clients
  
      




    




    




    




    




    





     




    




    




    




    




    





     




    




    




    




    




    






view more




    common questions
      do you offer concessions rentals in nyc?

   




  yes! we are located in bergenfield,  nj and cater to events in nyc, rockland county ny, all of northern nj, conecticut, and even parts of eastern pennsylvania. conrad's concessions is the premier party rental company providing a wide range of services for events of all kinds in the metro area. whether you're planning a wedding, corporate event, or backyard party, we have everything you need to make your event a success. our team is dedicated to providing exceptional customer service and ensuring that your event is unforgettable.



   how do i request a quote for my event?

   




  you can create a customized wishlist by clicking here. simply add the items you are interested in renting to your wishlist and be sure to provide your event date before you hit submit! one of our friendly team members will be in touch to provide pricing and availability.



   what are the best concessions for a casual event?

   




  when it comes to choosing the right party concessions for your casual event, it's important to consider the preferences of your guests and the type of event you're hosting. some popular options for casual events include hot dogs, nachos, and popcorn. hot dogs are a classic concession option that is easy to serve and can be customized with a variety of toppings. nachos are another popular option that can be served with cheese, salsa, and other toppings. popcorn is a fun and easy option that can be served in a variety of flavors, from classic butter to sweet caramel.our catered concessions can be customized to fit your event's unique needs and preferences. our team can work with you to create the perfect menu for your event. we also offer a variety of packages that can be tailored to fit your event's size and scope. whether you're hosting a backyard bbq, birthday party, or company picnic, catered concessions from conrad's concessions are a delicious and fun way to enhance your event and create lasting memories for you and your guests.



   why are photo booths so popular at weddings and events?

   




  photo booths have become increasingly popular at special events because they provide a fun and interactive way for guests to capture memories and create lasting mementos of the event. photo booths offer a unique way for guests to express themselves and have fun with friends and family. they also provide a sense of nostalgia, harkening back to the days of old-fashioned photo booths found in amusement parks and boardwalks.in addition to being fun and nostalgic, photo booths also provide a practical solution for capturing memories at events. with the rise of social media, guests can easily share their photos on various platforms, providing a wider reach for your event and promoting it to a broader audience. at conrad's concessions, we offer high-quality photo booth rentals that come with a variety of props and accessories, customized backdrops, and professional attendants to ensure that your guests have a fun and memorable experience.



   do you offer waitstaff for weddings and events?

   




  yes we do! conrad’s concessions offers waitstaff services for your wedding, birthday party, bar/bat mitzvah, corporate event, and more. our waitstaff service is perfect for events held in a home or venue where waitstaff is not provided. our legendary customer service is now available to serve and clean up after your guests while you enjoy your party!





view more >>

 







   

contact us today!


       

 proudly providing party rentals in
bergenfield,
paramus,
teaneck,
dumont,
englewood, and the greater metro area. free delivery throughout bergen county nj!

  featured rentals
     wedding packages



  photo booths



  chocolate fountains



  belgian waffle station



  deep fried oreos



  fresh squeezed juice



  funnel cakes



  new orleans beignets



  soft serve ice cream



  waitstaff






  quick links
     faqs



  about us



  contact us



  join our team






  contact us
 p:  
201-214-2125e:  
sales@conradsconcessions.com 38 west madison avenue dumont, nj 07628*by appointment only*     

 

 

 







      accessibility statement
  © 2025 
all rights reserved | conrad's concessions events | site design by rkc



       



   



   



   



   



     

 

 

   




   































































































































































  
  share by:










  




