



john elliot, master artist






john elliot, master artist

johnelliotart@gmail.com
 (845) 304-6988
 

home
landscapes
portraits
john elliot's book: oil pastel for the serious beginner
art lessons
contacts

    john elliot has long been convinced that
artists should no longer use toxic, life threatening materials to pursue their
creativity. he has been a pioneer in the use of professional
quality oil pastels — dustfree so the medium does not promote respiratory
problems — and watersoluble oils — which eliminate the need for toxic
petroleum distillate solvents and mediums. since the late 1950’s, john has
been instrumental in demonstrating that fine quality oil pastels can create as
vibrant and subtle pastel paintings as the traditional dusting dry, or soft
pastels.  he was an early artist
consultant for manufacturer of the new watersoluble oils starting with their
invention in the late 1980’s, early 1990’s. today john’s concern for not
only his own family’s health in his studio/home, but also all artists and art
students worldwide, and his special gifts as an artist and teacher, make a
unique master artist.
   when
someone asks, “who can show me how to use oil pastels?” the name that comes
to mind is “john elliot.” he is the pioneer in the use of oil pastels and
new technology for the pastelist. he is passionate about the medium, and
continuously shows its creative possibilities to students, art teachers,
workshops, art associations, and art conventions.
    john is now recognized as a practical,
hands-on authority on the use of watersoluble oils. what to do and why, how to
begin, how to get special effects, and how to complete and preserve finished
works — all the while avoiding the traditional distillate solvents and fumes,
so harmful to health and the ecology.
    an accomplished author, john wrote the
first article ever on how to use oil pastels for american artist magazine
in 1983. he was represented as an oil pastelist in watson-guptill‘s popular
book, painting with the pro‘s. he wrote three workshop manuals for
hk holbein: introduction to oil pastels, oil pastels and the portrait,
and oil pastels and the landscape. he is the featured artist for numerous
quarto books, including encyclopedia of pastels, painting heads,
faces, and hands, painting textures, he has written articles for art
news and is featured as an artist in numerous art publications and books. a
contributing editor for the artist‘s magazine, he has written on oil
pastel techniques, oil painting techniques, as well as general art how-to
topics. he wrote a column on oil pastels for the pastel journal. his book


oil pastel for the serious beginner was published november 2002 by
watson-guptill and republished in 2014 by echo point books.
    he is known in the art field as an
inspiring and entertaining speaker. he enjoys media interviews and thrives on
promotion events.  
    john elliot is founder and was formerly
president of the oil pastel association and and oil pastel association
international. he was a vice president of the pastel society of america, a juror and
member of the salmagundi club and society of illustrators. he was an academy
award winning documentary filmmaker on art history, historic preservation, and
the sociology of science.
    among his commissions are works for
ronald reagan, jacqueline kennedy onassis, katherine hepburn, and other
notables. he has work in the metropolitan museum, smithsonian/national
collection of fine arts, fogg museum, detroit museum, and kentucky highlands
museum. he is listed in who‘s who in american art, who‘s who in
the world , and others.


 

last modified: august 30, 2020. © copyright 2002-2020 by sheila elliot. all rights reserved.

