





nu-hope labs – just when you thought there was no hope, there's nu-hope!



















































































 skip to main content skip to footernu-hope labsjust when you thought there was no hope, there's nu-hope!faqs
about us
contact us
dealer locator
ostomate resources
videos
shop
main contentwelcome to nu-hope! 
ostomy pouches, skin barriers, neonatal ostomy products, non-adhesive pouches, fistula pouches, adhesives, accessories, hernia, and ostomy support belts.







request a sample 





generate your belt catalog number here



two-hole ostomy/hernia support belt instructions
click on images below to download guides.

























non-adhesive ostomy systems













the nu-comfort belt belt is a versatile, lightweight ostomy support belt made with a 2-inch band and a supportive plastic ring plate sized for your ostomy appliance. fully adjustable and available in regular or cool comfort elastic. 	to find out more about our nu-comfort belt click the image above!






nu-hope ostomy and hernia support belts are made just for you. available in flat panel or nu-form (pictured above) with an opening to fit almost every appliance on the market. our belts are customizable in many ways, including darts, contours, auxiliary belts, thumb loops, and more. see ourbelt guide for more information.






nu-hope offers a complete lineup of ostomy pouches. oval and round, custom openings, barrier pre-attached, and many other customizations. 





recent posts


how to use nu-hope adhesive


nu-comfort belt by nu-hope


controlling alkaline urine



footerfollow us




facebook





instagram





pinterest





videos on youtube





linkedin




copyright  © 2024 nu-hope laboratories, inc. 













manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent











































