





green audit, atomic, nuclear test veterans, atomic test veterans, nuclear science – atomic test veterans, nuclear science, nuclear justification





























































































































 




skip to content








call us  +44 12 37 42 35 05|christo@greenaudit.org 

newsservicescontactabout 



 












azande sciencescience & policy makingpublicationspapersatomic test veteranssurvivalbooks 


search for:












 









newschris2018-08-15t14:04:38+00:00



509, 2023 





new nuclear workers study results represent a legal game changer for nuclear power, propulsion and weapons


						new nuclear workers study results represent a legal game changer for nuclear power, propulsion and weapons					








new nuclear workers study results represent a legal game changer for nuclear power, propulsion and weaponsthe latest and largest study of nuclear workers published in the british medical journal in june of this year (1) must be a shocking revelation to the scientists and [...]

709, 2021 





the hiroshima a-bomb black rain and the lifespan study; a resolution of the enigma


						the hiroshima a-bomb black rain and the lifespan study; a resolution of the enigma					








the hiroshima a-bomb black rain and the lifespan study; a resolution of the enigmalow level radiation campaign; 8th sept 2021 1000gmt press release immediatebritish scientist discovers the cause of cancer in the hiroshima black rain survivorsmassive errors in the basis of legal [...]

1006, 2019 





ecnrr dose limits for exposure to 4g and 5g radiofrequency cellphones, cellphone towers and other sources including proposed 5g.


						ecnrr dose limits for exposure to 4g and 5g radiofrequency cellphones, cellphone towers and other sources including proposed 5g.					








ecnrr dose limits for exposure to 4g and 5g radiofrequency cellphones, cellphone towers and other sources including proposed 5g. european committee on non ionizing radiation risk ecnrr dose limits for exposure to 4g and 5g radiofrequency cellphones, cellphone towers and other sources including proposed 5g. the annual [...]

2303, 2018 





cancer, george monbiot and nuclear weapons test fallout


						cancer, george monbiot and nuclear weapons test fallout					








cancer, george monbiot and nuclear weapons test falloutgeorge monbiot, who has now been diagnosed with prostate cancer at the young age of 55, was therefore born in 1963, at the peak of the atmospheric test fallout. [...]

712, 2017 





explanation of child leukemia both near high voltage powerlines and near nuclear sites


						explanation of child leukemia both near high voltage powerlines and near nuclear sites					








explanation of child leukemia both near high voltage powerlines and near nuclear sitesin a new paper published today in the peer review journal pediatric dimensions, prof. busby presents the explanation for the increased rates of child leukemia found in those children [...]

312, 2017 





dumping radioactive mud near cardiff: new report.


						dumping radioactive mud near cardiff: new report.					








dumping radioactive mud near cardiff: new report.dr busby was asked by individuals in wales to comment on the proposals by the french nuclear company to dredge up 300,000 tons of radioactive mud from the sea [...]






links

chris busby cv
videos
low level radiation campaign
european committee on radiation risk
cerrie (committee examining radiation risks from internal emitters)
depleted uranium oversight board
perdana global peace organization


find us on facebook




 





close product quick view×


title
















 
 





 






 

 
 

 
 
 





 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 




























































































go to top




