






lake george attractions | events in lake george ny - lake george regional chamber of commerce & cvb







































  








    p.o. box 272 | 2176 u.s. 9, lake george, ny 12845 | (518) 668-5755
home
member portal
news blogcontact




to do 
browse all attractionsboatingoutdoor recreationhistoric walking tours and mapadirondack craft beverage trail passportwinterlodging 
lodginglast minute lodgingshoppingdining businesses 
businesses & services directoryour missionprogramsbenefitscommitteesadvertisingboard & staffjoin uscommunity job boardcommunity & business guide
events 
eventschamber & cvb eventsgolflgrcvb 
lake george regional convention & visitors bureauchamber & lgrcvb eventsmediatravel guidefaq



home
to do

browse all attractions
boating
outdoor recreation
historic walking tours and map
adirondack craft beverage trail passport
winter

lodging

lodging
last minute lodging

shopping
dining
 businesses

businesses & services directory
our mission
programs
benefits
committees
advertising
board & staff
join us
community job board
community & business guide

events

events
chamber & cvb events
golf

lgrcvb

lake george regional convention & visitors bureau
chamber & lgrcvb events

media
travel guide
faq
news blog
contact









yum!check out dining options




what to do this winter?explore events, activities and more on our winter page!




events calendarcheck out our full events calendar




outdoor winter fun!explore winter trails








new york's lake george regionthe lake george region is the crown jewel of the 6-million acre adirondack park. referred to as the “queen of american lakes,” lake george itself is a 32-mile water body decorated with approximately 180 islands and rolling mountains on either side. 
but the lake george region is so much more than lake george! 
our region spans several welcoming communities from glens falls and queensbury to the south all the way up to north creek, plus many more lakes and rivers. 
with 200+ attractions and 7,000+ rooms, there is no shortage of things to do and places to stay all year. the region is a family-friendly destination with cruise ships, charters, boat rentals, amusement parks, zip lines, ski resorts, rich history and cultural attractions including several museums and historical trails, 200+ miles of trails for hiking and biking, and so much more. lodging options range from luxury resorts and glamping to primitive camping. 





posted: 2/12/2025
february break specials in the lake george region
presidents’ day & february break specials in the lake george region
winter in the lake george region is packed with seasonal fun, from skiing and snowshoeing...
learn more


posted: 1/31/2025
get ready for the 2025 lake george winter carnival









experience the magic of the 2025 lake george winter carnival
embrace the chill and join us for the 63rd annual lake george winter carnival, a cherished...
learn more


posted: 1/17/2025
experience the funky ice fest at adirondack pub & brewery




get ready to groove into the coolest event of the winter! the funky ice fest is back at the adirondack pub & brewery in lake...
learn more









lake george regional chamber of commerce











all events
upcoming events






feb
2
 to 
	  feb
28


chocolate lovers experience









feb
2
 to 
	  dec
28


sunday brunch: bottomless mimosas!









feb
8
 to 
	  feb
22


sasaphras yoga at hillview free library









feb
16
 to 
	  feb
23


fire on the mountain


























lake george regional chamber of commerce & cvb
p.o. box 272 2176 u.s. 9lake george, ny 12845(518) 668-5755 
© 2019 - 2025 all rights reserved
privacy policy

join us
learn about what our chamber can offer you!
our missionprogramsbenefitscommitteesadvertisingboard & staffjoin uscommunity job boardcommunity & business guide


2024 travel guiderequest your 2024 travel guide now!


e-newsletter




subscribe to our e-newsletter
















web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design
















