






rejuvenation clinic |






































 
 



















501-228-4545
 












home
day spa
day spa pricing
med spa
spa packages
products
our team
shop

éminence
skinmedica®


careers
contact
gift cards
 






facebook




instagram




select page


  
 



 



 



















awarded “best of best” for many years running
because our spa treatments and products leave youfeeling beautiful, refreshed, and rejuvenated.







our services






day spa
our day spa has become a little rock staple, offering relaxing massages, luxurious manicures and pedicures, cleansing facials, and refreshing body treatments at the highest standard.

learn more





med spa
our medical-grade chemical peels, injections, and laser treatments are provided by a physician or registered nurse within rejuvenation clinic’s beautiful, calming atmosphere.

learn more








what our customers are saying…






“the medical spa is great. sara is very knowledgeable about the latest procedures—she explains everything in detail and makes me feel at ease. my skin feels great and i look much younger without the need for surgery.”








“i loved my entire experience here from beginning to end. i felt welcomed right when i walked in the door and my massage therapist, lanie, was amazing! everyone truly caters to your needs in every way! it was my first time and it will now be a regular thing for me.”
kayla b.








“my wife and i went for a couples massage and had a great experience. friendly staff, convenient location, great masseuse, and the location is very nice and clean.”
kevin p.













gift cards
easy, thoughtfuland always appreciated.a spa gift card isperfect for anyoneand any occasion.

purchase gift card



 










contact us
rejuvenation clinic day spa location11125 arcade drive, ste g | little rock, ar 72212phone: 501-228-4545
hours of operationtue–fri 9am – 6pm*sat 9am – 5pm*sun & mon closed
* closed for lunch from 12:50 – 1:50pm







rejuvenation clinic day spa © 2021 all rights reserved | spa policies



followfollow







brought to you by manattweb



 




 


×




 
 








facebook




instagram













































