


dictionaries and vocabulary tools for english language learners | wordsmyth





































































log in
|
register






 





home
|
subscription
|
feedback
|
about us
|
blog
|
widget
|
faq






































dictionaries





comprehensive


children's


wild (illustrated)








search tools   





browse


search filter


reverse search


a-z word parts


grammatical patterns








puzzle solvers





anagram solver


crossword solver








teacher tools





classes


students


lessons


assignments


reports








vocabulary center





activities


wordlist maker


writing tool (beta)


legacy activities








my wordsmyth





lookup history


my wordlists



legacy activities


























































comprehensivedictionary suite










beginner's dictionary



intermediate dictionary



advanced dictionary
































 




















comprehensive dictionary suite


the wordsmyth comprehensive dictionary suite combines our advanced dictionary, intermediate dictionary, and beginner's dictionary. within any entry, you can easily move up or down between the levels.





advanced dictionary


the advanced dictionary is suited to the needs of adults and students from middle-school age and up. it currently contains over 100,000 entries with extensive example sentence coverage, especially for academic vocabulary.


intermediate dictionary


written for learners at an upper elementary reading level, the intermediate dictionary contains approximately 35,000 entries and 25,000 example sentences. the definitions and example sentences are written with simpler vocabulary and sentence structure.


beginner's dictionary


the beginner's dictionary contains more than 14,000 entry words defined with a controlled 2000-word defining vocabulary. the beginner’s dictionary was designed as a dictionary for adult literacy and esl.


integrated thesaurus


included in all three leveled dictionaries is an integrated thesaurus with synonyms, antonyms, and similar words matched with each appropriate definition, helping to elucidate the meaning of the headword in a particular sense and making it easier to select an appropriate synonym or antonym as needed.






for dictionaries with kid-friendly definitions and example sentences, please go to kids.wordsmyth.net




individual subscription


for individual adult users, the wordsmyth comprehensive dictionary website offers dictionary and vocabulary resources for mature learners, from high school age and up as well as for second language learners. if you are a self-motivated learner, subscribe to wordsmyth to get access to the full set of learning features and tools that we offer. the children’s dictionary suite is also available to all learners.


premium dictionary feature highlights

a-z word parts: this is an alphabetic database of roots, prefixes, and suffixes, which also includes numerous example words for each word part. word part information is also included in dictionary entries throughout our dictionaries.
grammatical patterns: the grammatical patterns feature labels verb constructions in headword example sentences, explains and contrasts verb patterns, provides lists of verbs that follow patterns, and defines terms in a detailed grammar glossary.
spanish and chinese language support: headword and example sentence translations are offered for all words contained in the intermediate dictionary. headword translation is also provided for those same words in wordsmyth's other dictionaries.






vocabulary learning


to keep learners engaged and motivated, wordsmyth has developed vocabulary activities for study, play, and assessment. you can create wordlists and use them with any of these activities.





vocabulary activities

study: teachers can automatically create wordlists for their students, or select pre-made lists. students study these words with flash cards, glossary maker, or vocabulary notebook.
play: students become engaged learners as they play fun games such as tic tac toe, guess what, or crosswords, among other choices.
assess: students' vocabulary growth can be assessed with multiple choice, fill-in-the blank, matching, or spelling bee.


wordsmyth vocabulary inventory (wvi) provides pre-made wordlists appropriate for any reading level or grade band. these are ready to be used in any activity at any time.

wvi level 1 for grades k-2
wvi level 2 for grades 3-5
wvi level 3 for grades 6-8
wvi levels 4 & 5 for grades 9-12 and up


wordlist maker


both the wordsmyth comprehensive dictionary and wordsmyth kids' dictionaries feature our unique wordlist maker, allowing educators to set up their own lessons using wordsmyth lists or wordlists they create. these lessons can then be shared with their students.


there are two list-creation options:

for vocabulary learning: teachers or individual learners can create a "precise list" created from a list of words that are of interest for teaching or studying.
for reading support: "text analysis" automatically extracts the best academic vocabulary from any text and generates a wordlist with one click of a button.


after making their lists, teachers can use our teacher tools to share lists with their students directly, or create a vocabulary lesson, assign it to their class, and keep track of their vocabulary growth with student reports.




educational group subscription


the wordsmyth educational group subscription is designed for educators to manage and interact with their students using teacher tools. these tools allow teachers to set up their classes, create lessons with selected wordlists, and monitor their students' vocabulary learning.





in just a few easy steps, teachers and students will have full access to all wordsmyth dictionaries and the wordsmyth vocabulary center through a unique school url. students use a simple login in order to access the website using the url. they only need a simple identifier, such as their first name or initials, so that their teacher may recognize them. wordsmyth never collects personal information from students. (for younger students using wild, no login is required at all.) with an educational group subscription, teachers will find it rewarding to watch their students expand their vocabulary and their understanding of the world around them.









subscribe for ad-freewordsmyth and morelearn more





















home
send feedback
having a problem?
suggest a word
privacy policy










©2025 wordsmyth











