




















quality care homes across hertfordshire, bedfordshire and essex | quantum care

















































      skip to main content
    





advice line:
					01707 393293
   mon to fri, 9am-5.30pm





quantum care














menu








care homes


our care




residential care


dementia care


nursing care


respite care


day care


awards & recognition


testimonials






life in our homes




lifestyle and wellbeing


dining and nutrition


our people






advice




choosing a home


advice line


guide to funding


giving us feedback


faqs






news


careers




career benefits


career roles


activity care worker


care worker


catering assistant


chef manager


deputy chef manager


deputy home manager


home administrator


home manager


home receptionist


hospitality manager


housekeeper


housekeeping manager


maintenance coordinator


night care worker


senior care assistant




flexible working options


register your interest






contact



































bringing the very best in care home living to hertfordshire, bedfordshire and essex
our care homes










image
 


















for care, not profit
find out more










image
 


















day care - care during the day for the older person
find out more










image
 



























welcome to quantum care
discover quantum care homes, where compassion meets excellence. experience the familiar comforts of home - from the warmth and laughter to the sense of family and community. our spaces are designed to evoke a homely and relaxing atmosphere, complemented by the tailored care you deserve. at quantum care, we empower individuals to live life on their own terms, with care as distinctive as each person we serve. whether it's residential, dementia, or respite care, our support adapts to meet your unique needs.


















find the perfect quantum care home
high quality care homes across hertfordshire, bedfordshire and essex.





coordinates



latitude



longitude





town or postcode


      enter an address to be localized.
    






care home name





























image













our care
whether your journey leads you to long-term care, a brief respite, or you simply need the occasional helping hand, rest assured that our friendly and compassionate staff are here to provide support uniquely crafted to your individual needs.


more about our care









image













life in our homes
join our community, where every day is filled with companionship and care. our teams are here to support you to embrace life, pursue the things you love doing, meet new people and lead a fulfilling, enriching and happy lifestyle.


more about life in our homes









image













advice and support
we understand that choosing a care home is a big decision and that it is not just about finding a place to live; it's about ensuring comfort, dignity, and quality of life for your loved one. that's why we are here to offer guidance every step of the way. whether you're looking for a short or long term care for a loved one, or simply exploring future options, you will find information here that will help to guide you.


more about advice and support




















image

















new nursing care service
at quantum care we're proud of our commitment to provide a wide range of care services to our local communities. we have extended these services into nursing care which is aimed at supporting individuals requiring a higher level of care than would normally be required in a residential care setting. this nursing care service is currently being offered at melwood grange care home in royston.
find out more

























image

















we are a not-for-profit community benefit society
we are a not-for-profit community benefit society and operate entirely for the benefit of our residents within the communities that we serve. we have no shareholders and do not have any dividends to prioritise. our residents are at the heart of all we do.
find out more















 
testimonials
we are extremely proud of the dedication and commitment of our staff, and it is always lovely to hear of the difference it has made for our residents, their families and friends.
 









in the last few days of her life i witnessed the marvellous care and affection the staff gave to my beloved maisie. maisie was always a character, vocal about her needs and not always patient! although she could be challenging at times the staff managed her so brilliantly and with such calmness. they all seemed to really love her spirit.
many a time maisie was gifted favourite treats and received extra personal care. nicky (the manager), the kitchen and housekeeping staff and the carers all went the extra mile for her. maisie would happily tell me all the extra things that were done for her. on one occasion a fillet steak was bought in for her christmas lunch because she didn’t like turkey. her favourite apple pie and custard were brought in many times. her tv was replaced at lightening speed (no pun intended!) when a storm struck the building and burnt out the inner workings of her own set. her beloved divan bed was moved in and out of her room (between hospital bed swaps) so she would be happy and comfortable. her personal shopping was done by staff or the front of house receptionist when i wasn’t able to get to the home.
above all else it was the interaction with maisie and genuine care she received, that made all the staff her ‘family’ for the past 5 1/2 years. my family and i cannot thank the staff enough for allowing us to pass our precious maisie to their loving care .
i will always champion the work of your care workers, they are all exceptional .
 





i just wanted to say an enormous thank you for the love and support that the staff at courtland lodge showed to my mother during her 4 year stay. i know she was incredibly grateful. i would have no hesitation in recommending courtland lodge to others.
paul, marion, tim and becky
 





the best thing about my job is the residents that i care for and my colleagues. managers are very approachable and supportive. my abilities are recognised and i’m offered lots of qualifications, i have never experienced this before. i’m given the opportunity to learn and develop myself to progress my career.

claire, care worker and senior carer - mountbatten lodge
 





i have always been in the service industry and love helping others. it’s important to help our residents in the later stages of their lives.  the people make it a great place to work and we’re blessed with fantastic.
brian, hospitality manager – elm view
 





to all the staff at the mead. we just wanted to thank you so much for all the amazing love and care you gave to our dear mum.
she was always happy and comfortable with you all and very fond of everyone. we really can’t thank you enough for your care.
sent with much love and gratitude
jill and ian
 






















image

















why choose quantum care?
we have an excellent reputation for delivering quality care services to older people and have maintained that reputation for decades. operating in hertfordshire, bedfordshire and essex, we're proud of our dedication to our residents and run our services on the basis of strong, shared values which guide our continuous drive for high-quality compassionate care.
find out more















careers at quantum care
at quantum care we offer rewarding careers with the happiness factor in our purpose-built, not-for-profit care homes across hertfordshire, bedfordshire and essex.
find a job







contact our team
if you have any questions, or would like further information about our homes and the care services we provide please click the button below to visit our contact page and we’ll get back to you.
get in touch
























latest news and updates
see all news











image









victoria collins mp visits willow court

on friday 24th january victoria collins, liberal democrat mp for harpenden and berkhamsted visited willow court, our care home in harpenden to speak with residents and staff and to take a tour of the home.











image









results of the quantum care community challenge 2024

the quantum care community challenge was an event that saw our homes compete against each other to complete 12 challenges, each designed to further engage our residents with their local communities.











image









quantum care community challenge 2024 finalilsts

the quantum care community challenge ran from the 25th november to the 24th december last year and saw all of our homes compete against each other to complete a set of 12 christmas themed challenges.




























quantum care










©2025 quantum care.website by fluid ideas.

preserveaspectratio="xminymin meet"



useful links


residential care


dementia care


respite care


q-club day care


find a care home


advice and support


about us


careers


contact us


news




policies


gender pay gap report


complaints procedure


privacy policy


modern slavery statement




follow us












facebook







instagram











linkedin









©2025 quantum care.website by fluid ideas.

preserveaspectratio="xminymin meet"






























