






updata - better analysis, better trading decisions
































 linton price targets now on bloomberg

 using linton price targets

 linton price targets peer reviewed














 






 home
 analytics

 linton price targets
 technical analysis
 scanning and alerting
 reporting and workflow
 data visualisation
 backtesting
 compare updata versions


 compatibility

 all compatible feeds

 market terminals
 trading platforms
 data feeds
 databases


 research

 charts today
 morning call
 updata training
 updata partner research
 updata indicators


 videos

 all our videos
 program videos
 feed demos
 research & training
 chartstoday videos
 getting started videos


 about

 about updata
 press releases
 support knowledgebase
 faq
 partner program

 data vendors
 user research
 updata indicator & app programmers


 job opportunities
 contact us




 menu











better tools for better analysis
updataanalytics


start now!increase
your performance

updataanalyticscompatible
with all your 

data and
trading

making the
most of your systemmarket insightstraining & reports






updataanalytics
advanced technical analysis
increase your perfomance
start now!
updataanalytics
compatible with your datatraining, analysis, reports
make the most of your system










updata's technical analysis is world class which is why so many market professionals run updata analytics on top of their professional terminals like bloomberg and thomson reuters.

 
updataanalytics brings all of you data into one place allowing you to combine & cross compare, scan for virtually any criteria, annotate, use different visuals and apply advanced analytics

 
updata energyfeed gives energy professionals real-time exchange data, a unique source of real time otc trades with history and scraped data from the internet. the feed also carries premium third party data services such as argus, iir energy and nema.

 
updata's powerful back testing capabilities allow you to write systems in visual basic, c# and updata programming language. updata comes with libraries of over 1,000 pre-written custom indicators and trading strategies.



top charting software in the industry
updata analytics is one of the top technical analysis software platforms you will find with over 1,000 technical indicators. our point and figure charts are second to none along with other techniques such as ichimoku charts and market breadth indicators. updata adds an extra dimension to your bloomberg charting or thomson reuters eikon charts. the charting package is also compatible with a host of other data sources including: barchart, cqg, datagenic, dtn iq feed, easyscreen, esignal, futuresource, quandl and trayport. updata is also used for backtesting technical analysis, stock scanning technical criteria and producing technical analysis reports. we also provide technical analysis training courses and technical analysis research.





copyright 2006-2021 updata ltd | privacy policy  | terms & conditions  | sitemap
address: 7 bell yard, london, wc2a 2jr, gb | email: ta@updata.co.uk. registered in england no. 2095011 | vat no.gb 602 8609 52 | business hours are
     09.00 a.m. to 17.30 p.m. monday to friday


 











