



rolex watches cartier watches omega watches tag heuer breitling iwc

















   rolex omega cartier tag 
                heuer iwc breitling rotary longines piaget other 
                makes diamond set under 
                £100  rolex omegacartier tag 
                heuer rotary longines other 
                makes diamond set under 
                £100 gold 
                pocket silver pocketclocks  diamond 
                rings
rings over £100
rings under £100
cameos
brooches
necklaces
bracelets
earrings
 silver
antiquespens

 















vintage 
                                        watches vintage rolex watch vintage 
                                        omega watches uk secondhand pre owned 
                                        used old rare writwatches pocket rolex 
                                        cartier for sale uk




























 
 
 
as of 26th february 
                            2024 we are in the process of updating the website 
                            over the coming weeks and using it again and will 
                            be listing interesting watches and jewellery which 
                            we don't have on sale anywhere else apart from in 
                            our physical shop premises, the pages which are 
                            up to date are the ones like this with the grey 
                            background, we are updating it on a page by page 
                            basis and hope to have this complete over the next 
                            few weeks in the meantime the ebay shop is fully 
                            active and updated daily so have a look on there
* important * everything listed on here is either now on 
                            our ebay shop or if not has sold we have now a large 
                            ebay shop www.brittonsjewellery.co.uk  , which we 
                            now use for selling instead of this site , everything on our ebay site 
                            is live and in stock and we have 3500 plus items 
                            of vintage jewellery,watches etc. on there. 
                            click this link to enter    * important *

wanted - redundant 
ex-shop stock watches. job lots, parcels, shop clearance etc, we buy, all 
brands, including top makes, but also more ordinary named brands, e.g. rotary, 
rone, avia etc. all types of watches sought including digital, quartz, lcd 
etc.the watch information index:do you want to know 
                            more about your watch? want to know the origin of 
                            rolex, omega, seiko and more - or do you just want 
                            to know how old your watch really is. click here 
                            to find out more!
click here 
                        to see whats new in stock
you are 
                        guaranteed 100% satisfaction - 
                        see our testimonials.
glen  
                        will personally speak to you,we have the same customers 
                        dealing with us year, after year.
all our watches 
                        sold on the web are guaranteed as follows:pre 1960 watches 
                        for 30 days,all other watches for 3 months, (see item 
                        15. terms page).
read below  don't 
                        take our word for it, please click here to see our testimonial 
                        page
 see our no questions 
                        asked return policy on the terms page - your guarantee 
                        of satisfaction
see our jewellery 
                        & collectables pages, e-mail us your requirements,and 
                        we will be happy to e-mail you a photo of any similar 
                        items in our stock

 
for more information, 
                        please see our about us page.for our contact information e.g. telephone 
                            number / email adresses our location etc. just click this link  contact 
                            information
you can e-mail 
us at: enquiries@brittons-watches.co.uk                 everything listed on here is either now on 
                            our ebay shop or if not has sold we have now a large 
                            ebay shop www.brittonsjewellery.co.uk  , which we 
                            now use for selling instead of this site , everything on our ebay site 
                            is live and in stock and we have 3500 plus items 
                            of vintage jewellery,watches etc. on there. 
                            click this link to enter  
 















