




vietnam helicopter pilots association










  
  
 [ home ] [ reunion information ] [ donations ] [ our legacy ] [ membership services ] [ related web sites ] member login








home 
reunion information 
our legacy
member services
membership application
membership directory * 
members login here * 
change address * 
buy vhpa gear 
executive council
        forum * 
died after
        tour form  
died
        after tour name list 
membership publications 
related web sites 
helicopter units in vietnam 
helicopter photos 
vhpa museum 
scholarships
flight class pictures
unit histories
vhpa local chapters
war stories
kia info
        by date
kia info by
        name 
helicopter losses
products for sale
ec commo
contacts
comments 
vendor
        advertising
 




 
 search this site.





vhpa news


2025 scholarship program application
opens september 1, 2024
closes december 15, 2024
please note the following important upcoming dates for the aaaa scholarship program. 

september 1, 2024 - scholarship program opens. students desiring scholarships for the 2025-2026 school year need to apply now. learn more about the application process at the aaaa website. 
december 15, 2024 - deadline for students to complete their portion of the application. 
january 15, 2025 - deadline for students to send their fall 2024 semester transcript to aaaa. note that it is the student's responsibility to email their transcript that includes their fall 2024 grades to scholarship@quad-a.org by 1/15/25. applications are not complete and cannot be considered without this information. 
may 1, 2025 - notification of scholarship awards. 

learn more about vhpa scholarships here. for more information on the aaaa program, please visit the aaaa scholarship program page. 






recently announced unit reunions
reunion dates and locations have been announced for the following units:
              
227th assault helicopter battalion reunion
                  13-16 may 2025gaylord opryland hotel, nashville, tnsee details

              get the details for all upcoming vietnam helicopter unit reunions on the vhpa reunion page.






 the vietnam
          helicopter pilots association (vhpa) is a non-profit war veterans organization filed under
          section 501(c)(19) of the internal revenue service.  it is dedicated to the fulfillment of
          the following purposes:


our mission
 to enhance and accredit the cohesiveness, esprit de corps, and traditions of valor of
          rotary wing aircrews that flew in southeast asia during the vietnam era.
to seek out, using whatever means available, individuals who piloted rotary wing
          aircraft in southeast asia during the vietnam era and inform them of the existence of the
          vhpa and encourage all eligible individuals to become members. 
  membership is open to all helicopter pilots who flew in
          southeast asia during the vietnam era (1961-1975).  there is an explanation
          of what you can do online at https://www.vhpa.org/memhelp.htm#oda 
to preserve the legacy of all vietnam helicopter pilots, an endowment
          fund has been established at the vietnam center and archives at texas tech
          university.  donations can be made here https://www.vhpa.org/donate.htm 


the vhpa has a membership of over 16,600 (8,700 dues current) helicopter pilots from around the world out of the
          approximately 40,000 who served as helicopter
          pilots in the vietnam war. 
          in addition to an annual reunion held around july 4th, members keep in touch informally
          through mini-reunions (local get togethers) throughout the year and through the internet
          on vhfcn (http://www.vhfcn.org) , heli-vets and facebook also another facebook site. these websites, while used by vhpa members and others to keep in touch informally, are not administered or controlled by the vhpa and has no official affiliation with them. vhpa is not responsible for the content of any material posted on these sites and does not endorse or support any opinions expressed on them. any complaints about the administration of these sites should be directed to the site moderators and not to the vhpa. the vhpa is a social organization only and
          has no political agenda as is our brother organization, the vietnam helicopter
          crew members association http://vhcma.org/ 
the vhpa publishes six
          magazines, a membership directory and a calendar each year and periodically publishes
          historical reference directories, cd-roms and dvds.
magazines are included with vhpa membership and are available to non-members with a
          $36/year subscription.  (three years for
          $99)  to contact the magazine editor aviator@vhpa.org.  see an example of our magazine, the
          vhpa aviator (big file).  vhpa aviator magazine
          advertising and other information.
life member rates based on age are as follows (also
          applies to subscribers):

age 80 and above ---$75.00
          age 75 to 79 --------$100.00
          age 70 to 74 --------$150.00
          age 65 to 69 --------$250.00
          age 60 to 64 --------$350.00
          age 59 and below --$450.00

 please call hq on 800-505-vhpa (8472) to sign up to be a life
          member.
traditions:  the vhpa has developed some traditions over the
          years.  one of those is the missing man table at the banquet at each
          reunion.  here is an example done at the 2005
          reunion.  another tradition started in 1988 is a "cobra"
          plaque made from the mold for the ah-1g prototype collective grip.  it
          is passed from outgoing president to incoming president at each reunion. 
          also passed from president to president is a plaque with past presidents' names on it.  a third tradition is a bottle
          of 21 year old scotch purchased in 1971 by brian novak one of the original
          66 founding members.  
history of the founding of the vhpa written by
          larry clark and mike law in 1990.
please note:  this
          website may contain information that vhpa considers proprietary and
          confidential. information contained herein shall not be used for commercial
          solicitation purposes, or any correspondence related thereto. 
          correspondence relating to commercial purposes or solicitations shall only be
          sent to webmaster@vhpa.org whereupon
          it will be forwarded to the appropriate vhpa representative.  member
          information contained in this publication shall not be distributed to non-vhpa
          members without the express consent of the member. 





contact information
use this form to apply for membership .
please use the membership application form to submit
          address changes for the directory and use the comments form to
          submit other directory changes and updates.
online membership
          directory for dues current members.
communications with the executive council
          (ec)


hq telephone: 
800-505-vhpa (8472)
 
hq fax: 
817-200-7309

hq postal address: (new as of 1 may 2020) 
 

sherry rodgers
            vietnam helicopter pilots association office manager
            1601 e lamar blvd
            suite 117
            arlington, tx 76011 


hq e-mail: 
general information: hq@vhpa.org




       







[ home ] [ reunion information ] [ donations ] [ our legacy ] [ membership services ] [ related web sites ]
 * note:  the online membership directory is now
        updated each business day at noon central time.  during that 30 minutes or so the
        directory is offline so it is not available for use during the update.
 send mail to webmaster@vhpa.org with
        questions or comments about this web site.
        copyright © 2013-2020 vietnam helicopter pilots association
        last modified: september 16, 2020






