

































































richmond times-dispatch | breaking news | read richmond, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















44°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyer's guide



rtd merchandise




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









44°
sunny














                
                breaking news
                
            
















        
        
            richmond area could see 3 to 6 inches of snow wednesday

snowfall will likely begin wednesday morning after sunrise, with heavier snow coming in later that afternoon before winding down in the evening.



















        
        
            youngkin: all hands on deck for 'serious' snowstorm

the storm is forecast to bring up to a foot of snow to a far southwest virginia still reeling from weekend floods and last week’s ice storm.

















        
        
            ur expected to opt in to house settlement, with 'a lot of layers' to negotiate

“i think all of this is going to look so different in five years."

















        
        
            richmond area could see 3 to 6 inches of snow wednesday

snowfall will likely begin wednesday morning after sunrise, with heavier snow coming in later that afternoon before winding down in the evening.

















        
        
            new chipotle now open in midlothian

a new chipotle mexican grill is now open in midlothian at 13651 lake eloise loop. 

















        
        
            meet the 13 'women who drive richmond' in 2025

all over the world, women are stepping up and creating lasting change through their dedication, innovation and leadership. from grassroots organizers to business owners, educators and activists, these remarkable women are shaping the future of their neighborhoods and beyond. 

















        
        
            fulkerson, seniors lead saint gertrude basketball past collegiate in lis quarterfinal

“it’s about the relationships and connections. my fondest memories are never of winning. it’s always the people. it’s always the team."

















        
        
            'limp' notwithstanding, spiders 'just decided there’s no towel to throw'

“we think that we’re good, so i think we go out there and think we can win every game.”










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            mama j's to appear on 'good morning america' on tuesday


















        
        
            virginia ranked last in us for math recovery from 2019-2024


















        
        
            officials: dpu director retracted resignation, was fired















                
                the latest



















        
        
            photos: presidents day naturalization ceremony at the virginia museum of history & culture



















        
        
            update: eastern virginia under a winter storm watch wednesday and thursday – up to 5 inches of snow

the national weather service issued an updated winter storm watch at 7:55 a.m. on tuesday valid from wednesday 6 a.m. until thursday 6 p.m. the watch is for the richmond area as well as westmoreland, northumberland, lancaster, middlesex and essex counties. 





















        
        
            a1 minute! february 17, 2025:  city has $3 million for your project; padel plant now open inside haxall hydroelectric plant; talk sports coverage with rtd’s matt kiewiet[a1]

city has $3 million for your project; padel plant now open inside haxall hydroelectric plant; talk sports coverage with rtd’s matt kiewiet 




















        
        
            black wellness expo emphasizes mental health representation and support

the 2021 national survey on drug use and health found that of the 21% of black and african americans who had a mental health concern, only 39% of these individuals received mental health services. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            chris mooney: conundrum connected to struggling team




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            a1 minute! february 18, 2025: making a difference, helping people find homes; black-owned culinary brands show appreciation for community support; tj’s gough fast becoming top football recruit[a1]




















        
        
            storm watch: frigid temps continue; snow with minor accumulation possible thursday












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            girls basketball: l.c. bird keeps foot on the gas, cruises past monacan

the halftime message was little more than a gentle but purposefully delivered reminder.




















        
        
            virginia football prioritized 2026 ol commit dylan biehl

virginia football commit dylan biehl, an offensive lineman, said cavaliers offensive line coach terry heffernan made him feel like a priority throughout the recruiting process.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 




















        
        
            former freeman coach, current deep run ad bland is powhatan's new football coach

when an opportunity presents itself, george bland is one to take advantage.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            burnett & williams's unique approach to personal injury law

contributor content. in the event of a car accident, a wrongful death, or another unexpected incident that caused bodily harm, it is crucial to have an experienced and skilled personal injury attorney on your side. the team at burnett & williams approaches each case with one fundamental truth in mind: every case is personal.












contributor








        
        
            how vedamurthy yogeshappa is using predictive analytics to improve patient outcomes

contributor content. as a health care it specialist, vedamurthy yogeshappa uses artificial intelligence (ai) to streamline patient data management, enhance clinical decision-making and solve critical industry challenges. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            vcu women’s athletics, making a generational connection at center court

content by vcu athletics. the vcu women’s basketball team will demonstrate their vitality at the senior day game on sunday, feb. 23.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            the leukemia & lymphoma society



                                        10 g street northeast suite 400, washington, dc 20002
                                    






















        
        
            drio



                                        1014 w. 36th st, baltimore, md 21211
                                    






















        
        
            pulmonary associates of richmond



                                        6600 west broad street, richmond, va 23230
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jobs





        
        
            robinson, delores
























services





        
        
            thompson creek window company
























other





        
        
            erickson living
























furniture decor





        
        
            ufab
























services





        
        
            thompson creek window company
























events entertainment





        
        
            virginia museum of history & culture
























furniture decor





        
        
            ufab
























other





        
        
            watkins awning
























furniture decor





        
        
            virginia wayside furniture, virginia wayside
























services





        
        
            christian-lorraine rugs, christian-lorrai




































        
        
            2025 40th anniversary all-diamond team



















×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































