



how to compost.org


















  
  



















general info    
      products   
      vermi     
      compost tea     
      large scale   
      toilets    
      education    
      other sites








 







 interested in the various aspects 
                of composting? well, you've come to the right place. on our site 
                you will find articles and hundreds of links covering all aspects 
                of composting. 















 













 





 












































welcome!

from  beginners to experts this web site is designed to be a hub for all  composting information. no matter what your interest is, you'll find something  here worth your time. our goal is to be the best resource on the internet for  composting information. 

on our site you will find articles and links covering all  topics about composting and organic gardening. if you know of a good link to a  composting website that is not listed here please let us know and send us the link. if you have a question about composting  please ask it in our forum. we partnered  with the garden of oz and he agreed to host a composting forum and discussion  area on his site so please submit and join http://www.gardenofoz.org/ so everyone can enjoy.



start the year out right! - top 10 composting tips



1. gather all grass clippings and green yard waste but be sure to mix with the "brown" materials like leaves and shredded paper to add carbon. you will need both, but if you only add grass clippings your pile will compact and start to stink.
                            2. do not compost meats or pet droppings. stick with food scraps and yard waste only.
                            
read more...





make use of your fall leaves



composting allows decomposed materials to be reused as a nutritious supplement for your garden, lawn, and house plants. a variety of materials may be used for composting, including leaves, grass, weeds, and some kitchen scraps. autumn settling in and the leaves filling your yard is a perfect time to begin composting. 
read more...





 a new recycling strategy is catching on



 nantucket island in massachussettes is a leader in the zero waste movement, which (ideally) seeks to eliminate all waste being shipped to landfills. recycling, reusing, and composting are just a few of the methods used to achieve that goal. here is an informative article from the new york times on how nantucket has led the way in zero waste. photo is credited to nathaniel brooks for the new york times.
read more...





 what do worms eat?



 what worms eat depends in part on where they live. worms can live closer to the surface or much deeper underground. on the surface, worms eat a variety of organic materials, such as dead grass and leaves that have fallen from the trees. there are microscopic organisms that live on these leaves. these organisms provide the worm with a variety of algae, fungi and bacteria that are essential for the worm’s diet. read more...





 10 tips for making better compost



here are the top 10 ways we know of for making compost in less time and of   better quality than ever before.read more...





composting 101 - what is compost?


compost is simply decomposed organic material. the organic material can be plant   material or animal matter. while composting may seem mysterious or complicated,   it’s really a very simple and natural process that continuously occurs in   nature, often without any assistance from mankind. if you’ve ever walked in the   woods, you’ve experienced compost in its most natural setting. both living   plants and annual plants that die at the end of the season are consumed by   animals of all sizes, from larger mammals, birds, and rodents to worms, insects,   and microscopic organisms. the result of this natural cycle is compost, a   combination of digested and undigested food that is left on the forest floor to   create rich, usually soft, sweet-smelling soil. read more...








other articles you may have missed
                              crafty compost
as the snow begins to melt, washing  away what is left of winter, avid bird watchers everywhere anticipate the  arrival of spring and their feathered friends.   in fact, bird watching has quickly transformed from a mere hobby into a  way of life for millions of americans.   for these bird watchers installing birdhouses in the springtime has  become as routine as hanging christmas lights in december.  these days, providing nesting accommodations  for birds has become an ongoing effort to give back to nature what it has so  bountifully given to us.  this growing  eco-friendly conscience has spurred on innovative ways to recycle, reuse, and  reduce waste that might otherwise end up in the landfill. 
                              read more...







what is composting?
composting is the decomposition of plant remains and other once-living materials   to make an earthy, dark, crumbly substance that is excellent for adding to   houseplants or enriching garden soil. it is the way to recycle your yard and   kitchen wastes, and is a critical step in reducing the volume of garbage   needlessly sent to landfills for disposal. it's easy to learn how to compost.  read about the basics of composting here...









formerly



 












 
 

home 
          | general info 
          | products | vermi 
          | compost tea 
          | large-scale | 
           toilets | education 
          | other 


 
























 

        © 2013 howtocompost.org. all rights reserved. privacy 
        policy | legal notice

 














