






			

    university of the incarnate word | uiw home   
		

















 




 










  
       
 
 
 





loading...






skip to main site navigation
skip to content
skip to left navigation
skip to footer


off canvas
close off canvas










menu
















quicklinks






cardinal apps


email


alumni


uiw libraries


student service center


employees


help desk







apply


visit


give to uiw













close




about uiw



academics






college and schools



college of humanities, arts and social sciences
dreeben school of education
h-e-b school of business and administration
school of mathematics, science and engineering
school of media and design
school of professional studies





health professions schools



feik school of pharmacy
ila faye miller school of nursing and health professions
school of osteopathic medicine
rosenberg school of optometry
school of rehabilitation sciences






academic programs



uiw libraries



research and graduate studies



study abroad



global online







admissions







freshman students



direct admit



transfer students



graduate students



readmission to uiw





international students



military and veterans



school of professional studies



global online



brainpower connection



early college




health professions schools



feik school of pharmacy
ila faye miller school of nursing and health professions
rosenberg school of optometry
school of osteopathic medicine
school of rehabilitation sciences








financial aid







aid and award process



estimate your costs



calculators



scholarship resources





work study



loan assistance



forms



tuition and fees





verification process



consumer information



faqs






student support







campus life



residence life
student life
student advocacy
wellness & sports
counseling
health services




military and veterans center



mission and ministry





academic support



advising
tutoring
student disabilities services
writing and learning center
career services
testing services
trio program
first-generation




new student programs





registrar



register for classes
apply to graduate
transcripts
academic calendar




business office



view bill/how to pay
parking permit




study abroad




health professions student services



feik school of pharmacy
school of osteopathic medicine
rosenberg school of optometry
school of rehabilitation sciences




international student and scholar services



sps student services



title ix office







athletics



uiw online






apply


visit


give to uiw























 







your future starts here
apply now










apply
give
visit









your journey. our mission.

since our founding in 1881 by the sisters of charity of the incarnate word, we have paved new ways for tens of thousands of students to reach their academic dreams. uiw was the first institution to offer higher education for women in central and south texas, consistently ranks among the top schools for veterans, and ranks no. 1 in the nation among faith-based universities graduating hispanic students with bachelor’s degrees. as pioneers in catholic higher education, we continue to forge new roads for every student to reach their full potential and create positive change in the world. uiw is a proud hispanic serving institution.

start your journey today







uiw by the numbers
learn more about the university of the incarnate word through fast facts and figures.




#1
largest catholic university in texas




#1
ranked in the nation for military veterans




#1
nationally among catholic universities graduating hispanic students with bachelor’s degrees




23
ncaa division i teams




$212
million in financial aid awarded annually to uiw students



uiw by the numbers








explore our degree programs



academics at uiw
uiw offers over 100 undergraduate majors, minors and concentrations, and over 25 graduate and doctoral programs.
search  search programs



admissions
visit our admissions pages to learn about requirements, tuition and how to apply.
undergraduate / graduate / international / online / admissions events


take the uiw virtual tour
launch experience


schools and colleges

college of humanities, arts, & social sciences
dreeben school of education
feik school of pharmacy
h-e-b school of business and administration
ila faye miller school of nursing and health professions
rosenberg school of optometry
school of mathematics, science and engineering
school of media and design
school of osteopathic medicine
school of rehabilitation sciences
school of professional studies
uiw libraries
















admissions events
visit the admission events page for more event details and registration information.
the uiw admissions team is on the road. see our college fair schedule for when we visit your area.


saturday office hours
saturday, march 8 2025 | 9 a.m. - noon
join us on the uiw campus for a tour at 9:10 a.m. or 10:30 a.m. then meet with admissions counselors and financial aid representatives to discuss your future as a cardinal! 
register for saturday office hours


transfer get in friday (tgif)
friday, feb. 21, 2025 | 10 a.m. - 1 p.m.
are you ready to transfer to uiw? visit with admissions counselors and take a tour of campus! tgif is a great opportunity to learn about our degree programs and have your transcripts reviewed for an on-the-spot admission decision. 

register for tgif















cardinal student service center
whether you're a current or future student, you can get your questions answered all in one place at the cardinal student service center.

discover scholarships and financial aid options
connect with health and wellness resources
get help desk support from uiw tech check
find a student job

visit the cardinal student service center













campus tour options
uiw offers three campus tour options: in-person tours monday - friday at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.; group tours for schools or groups of 10 or more monday - friday at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m.; and virtual campus tours are available at your convenience.                                                                			    schedule a tour here









explore incarnate word
our five health professions schools prepare future healthcare leaders in such fields as pharmacy, nursing, optometry, osteopathic medicine and physical therapy.                                                                			    explore uiw health professions











uiw news







uiw names new chief information officer
february 14, 2025
the university of the incarnate word (uiw) is honored to announce that ben rueger has been named the university’s new chief information officer and vice president of innovation and technology. rueger comes to uiw from the purdue university system.









loves takes flight: uiw hosts annual cardinal couples mass
february 14, 2025
on sunday, feb. 9, alumni relations and mission and ministry celebrated the couples whose love originated at the university with the annual cardinal couples mass in our lady’s chapel. the lovebirds were welcomed back to the nest to prayerfully rejoice in their continued love for their partners and for the university that brought them together.









weaving the threads of history: uiw to host two fashion shows in celebration of black history month
february 14, 2025
in celebration of black history month, uiw will be showcasing the cultures and artistic talents of black fashion designers in two upcoming fashion shows: the “cygne noir” runway show and the african and afro-caribbean fashion show. 



view all news



campus events


view all events











named a best college by u.s. news & world report















about the university of the incarnate word
as the largest catholic university in texas, uiw is a leader in transformational education. we inspire students across more than 150 academic programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels to ignite change.
discover more







uiw emergency preparedness



visit preparedness page for updates









 back to top







4301 broadway, san antonio, texas 78209 1-210-829-6000 •                                                                                   1-800-749-9673 





ada/section 504
consumer information
contact uiw
faculty home
staff home
facilities and map
university police




uiw libraries
report an incident
ways to give
privacy policy and disclaimer
title ix
employment
health preparedness
policy library





facebook 
twitter 
instagram 
youtube 
linkedin 








© 2025. university of the incarnate word. all rights reserved.




































