




ndi foundation - for the cure of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus





















































 








        "supporting education, research, treatment and cure for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus."
    
home
about
contact
ndi facts

definition
description
diagnosis & treatment
history of ndi


patient/parent

overview
medical alert cards
nutrition guidelines


research
faqs

faqs – an overview
behavioral & social concerns
diet & nutrition
growth & development
healthcare
lithium-induced ndi
medications
pregnancy & ndi
what will happen in the future?
where can i find support?


links
support ndi research



take our survey! please help the ndi foundation support research and potential treatments for ndi by taking this short 2-minute patient and caregiver survey.

take survey





stay in touch with upcoming research and potential new therapies!
to sign up for updates and be notified of upcoming research or clinical trials, please fill out the form. view abstract and citation.







21-03-25 new therapy signup form







full name
        *




phone
        *




email
        *




questions/comments
        




recaptcha
        





submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				





δ





welcome to
ndi foundation


the ndi foundation was formed to support education, research, treatment and cure for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. our goal is to create a communication channel to serve the entire ndi community: patients and their families, researchers, physicians and other health care providers.





important update.


nephrodi therapeutics enters agreement to develop a first-in-class treatment for a genetic, rare disease of the kidneys


read complete article here.





ndi factslearn more about the diagnosis, history, and treatment of nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
researchreview the articles, publishers, and researchers helping to further understand and treat ndi.
contactlearn more about how you can support research and treatment for ndi






join the email list:
enter your email address below and be added to the ndi foundation email list, where you’ll receive regular information about research progress, clinical trial opportunities, treatment advances, and research related to ndi.




email address *




















		main street
		p.o. box 1390
		eastsound, wa 98245
		(voice) 888-376-6343
		(fax) 888-376-6356
		email: ndif.info@gmail.com


copyright © 
    2025    ndi foundation, all rights reserved.  powered by ultra graphics. this site uses cookies to track anonymous data from google.

 















