










        
    home

    
































skip to main content











  
                login
            


















510 south college avenue, salem, va 24153 | ph: 540-389-0130 | fax: 540-389-4135


















secondary quicklink menu/header





canvas
parent portal
faculty and staff
cafe menus
covid19













search















































main navigation menu





home
school board


                                schools
                                


salem city schools
east salem elementary school
g.w. carver elementary school
south salem elementary school
west salem elementary school
andrew lewis middle school
salem high school


about us
parents and families
calendar


                                departments
                                


administrative services
assessment
assistant superintendent
business
career and technical education
compliance
human resources
instruction
nutrition
region 5 adult education
request information
salem city government
school based mental health resources
special education
student services
superintendent
technology
transportation


contact us
employment



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































previous



next


























"love, engage, inspire"the mission of the salem city school division is to provide a loving and engaging environment that inspires children to reach their full potential.























we are pleased to offer resources to support mental health and wellness.























trending now in scs 















                registration for the 2025-2026 school year - click to find out more!
            










                2025-2026 board approved scs school calendar.  this calendar was approved at the january board meeting.
            










                powerschool data breach update
            










                powerschool data breach
            










                amy peterson named salem's 2025 teacher of the year
            










                open enrollment for pre-kindergarten for sy24-25 - see this flyer for all information.
            










                registration information for the 2024-2025 school year.  follow this link for more information.
            










                vpi or virginia preschool initiative in salem city schools is a grant-funded preschool opportunity available to families who live in salem city limits and meet certain criteria.  the first consideration is age. there are a limited number of spaces for students that will be three by september 30th. all other slots are open to students who will be four by september 30th. please apply at www.smart2start.org. if you have questions, please contact dr. megan crew, coordinator of state and federal programs at 540-389-0130. applications will be reviewed mid-april and parents will hear about the status of their application after this time.
            











































































thank you for visiting salem city schools’ website. your privacy is very important to us. the salem city school board is committed to complying with government data collection and dissemination practices act and the virginia
freedom of information act. the salem city school board does not collect
unnecessary personal information by means of its website, and collects only
appropriate personal information to the extent necessary to serve its
constituents and the community.

the following information is collected automatically by accessing the
website:

· ip address information and web browser information

our website does use "cookies" for system functionality such as whether a
user has seen and dismissed an alert. cookies are not used for any
personally identifiable reason, unless an individual is signed into the
website.

if you choose to share personally identifiable information with us -
sending us a message or filling out an electronic form with personal
information - we will use the information only for the purposes you
authorized. some of the information may be saved for a designated period of
time to comply with virginia's archiving policies, but we will not disclose
the information to third parties or other government agencies unless
required to do so by state or federal law. and if we are required to
disclose information about you by law, we will make every effort to notify
you of the disclosure in advance.

email addresses may be public records under the virginia freedom of
information act. if you do not want your email address released in response
to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this website.












copyright © 2025 salem city schools


 
















