
















lizbeth knits







































































lizbeth knits






























































































selasa, 23 desember 2014







sleeping with baby no need pillows and blankets





 tuesday, december 2nd, 2014
dock virginia
babies should be put to sleep in a safe mattress wrapped in soft linen and fitting measure is.
tabloidnova.com - more than half of american parents said that their baby to sleep on pillows, blankets, and other bedding, although the doctors and medical staff did not recommend its use. babies do not need to sleep with a pillow and blanket, concludes a new study released by the government.

let the baby sleep in bed with no sheets are loosely considered as one of the appropriate measures to maintain security and health of the baby. this method helped reduce the risk of suffocation and sudden infant death syndrome (sids), as written by researchers who also came from the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc).

"we have very little understanding of how many babies in the us are put to sleep with the environment in which the bedding and blankets are used," said carrie shapiro-mendoza, a senior leader of the study and researcher in reproductive health division at cdc, atlanta.

american academy of pediatrics recommends that babies resting flat on the mattress, without the use of a variety of bedding such as pillows, blankets, and bolsters. "the danger lies in the thickness of the blanket or pillow which can inhibit the baby breathe, and make them unable to breathe perfectly," shapiro said mendoza.

recommendations regarding the rules of safe sleep first made in mid 1990. in the journal pediatrics revealed that cases of sids decreased during the period 2000 to 2010. meanwhile, the average case of shortness of breath becomes more than doubled from 7 cases per 100,000 newborns be about 16 cases per 100,000 babies.

for this latest study, the researchers used data from infants under the age of 8 months, which was collected from the year 1993 to 2010 as part of the national infant sleep position study. researchers write, 86 percent of parents lull their babies with loose sheets between 1993 and 1995. then, the numbers dropped to about 55 percent between 2008 and 2010.

during the period of this latest study, researchers found that young mothers and mothers with low education level of junior high or high school unusual lull baby with loose sheets.

"maybe this action because parents see from magazines and television shows where the baby to sleep using blankets and pillows. this may be considered a good idea and a secure fit normal activities. parents should be intensive, warm and provide comfort to the baby does not mean to envelop the baby and make shortness of breath, "said shapiro-mendoza.

another study found that one in eight babies died from suffocation caused by babies put to sleep on the couch. shapiro also suggested that parents should know that the safest place for a baby while sleeping on the mattress is covered with thin sheets and fitting size. again, babies do not need to sleep with a pillow and blanket.

ridho nugroho / shine

tempat 

jual sepatu sneakers online terpercaya | tempat 

jual sepatu sneakers online terpercaya | tempat jual sepatu sneakers online 

terpercaya





diposting oleh



unknown




di

01.28



tidak ada komentar:
  









kirimkan ini lewat emailblogthis!bagikan ke xberbagi ke facebookbagikan ke pinterest




label:
tips












beranda




langganan:
postingan (atom)















mengenai saya




unknown



lihat profil lengkapku



arsip blog








        ▼ 
      



2014

(1)





        ▼ 
      



desember

(1)

sleeping with baby no need pillows and blankets


















































tema sederhana. diberdayakan oleh blogger.
























