






hybrid poplar trees | help america and the environment

































 





































home
about
products

kits & cuttings
trees
garden goods


info

hybrid poplar uses
heating with wood
propagating
shipping charges
money orders
november














checkout



donations







help america and the environment.






610-942-9114 / 610-304-4762








fgomez@hybridpoplars.com





 











hybrid poplar trees





















emails
any e-mails you send will be replied by me, i answer the phone, and all concerns will come to me, no one else. at the end, i am the person responsible for making you so happy, you want to tell your neighbors about me! my guarantee: if any of my trees dies within a year, providing it was planted in fertile soil, ph from 5.5 to 7.5, you watered it and protected from frost if needed, i will replace it free of charge. i only ask you to pay for the shipping expenses.
if 5% or more trees die, you know there is something wrong with the soil and that has to be addressed before you try and plant any more trees. i suggest you get a soil test. get the cheapest one, that is all you needdo not to plant hybrid poplars in clay, the trees will die. when there is clay in your soil, you must figure out a way to plant the trees so they can reach water. either plant deeper or drill until good soil is found and replace the clay with good soil before you plant.if you ordered cuttings and none of them sprouted, the answer is simple: you planted them upside down. that is not covered under the warranty.







 more  on emails
while it is nice to hear your voice, and my cell is always within reach, i am much more comfortable reading your emails. i do have hearing aids and i tell people they are mostly for show, (i am close to deaf)
i also have a “caption call phone”  which spells out everything that the caller says. it is backed up by some genius at the other end, and they type the words  the machine misses, however, it is not always accurate.
to be sure you get me, please call me at my home number, 610-942-9114.







 










copyright © 2022 hybrid poplar trees. all rights reserved. | privacy policy

designed by inetusa




 




















