


home - michigan geocaching organization (migo)





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember login


menuhomemembership honor roll member levels join migo renewal upgrade extend gift membership login problems former memberschallenges migo hiker dude geoart migo 83 county challenge historic mi county caches mi 5 icon county caches mi county century caches mi county grid challenge mi geo-trails mi geo-artlinks adopt-a-forest fairs & festivals geocaching toolbox geocaching 101 materials mi cacher stats mi fireworks mi top favorite caches michigan festivals  50 things to do in michigan event calendar storeabout bylaws contact us code of conduct donations expense report faq leadership mission and history resources volunteering







welcome!!!!

you have reached the homepage of the michigan geocaching organization (migo). the purpose of our organization is to promote the sport of geocaching in michigan via improved communications and to provide information to the public about our activities and the sport of geocaching. please spend some time on our site. if you have any questions, feel free to contact us or visit www.geocaching.com for more details.


join migo today! membership gives you many benefits. migo is one of the oldest and most respected geocaching organizations in the country. since our inception in april 2002, we have grown both in size and stature. in 2007, we were granted an organizational land use permit by the michigan dnr. this permit enables migo members to place caches on permitted dnr lands, with the appropriate permit where required, at no fee. this is just one of the many benefits of your membership. you'll also become part of a local and tight-knit geocaching community with an active interest in caching in our state. members have access to our forums and are encouraged to participate. we also have a very active facebook group, which is a great place to meet cachers and learn the game.


to join, renew, or upgrade your membership, pull down the membership menu.announcements
camp migo 2025
august 2, 2025

gcapn57

for more details, please see the event page.
please check the event page often for updates!


2025 winter social
wild wild west (michigan)

gcav1e6
a weekend full of fun and wonder
february 20-23, 2025, with the main event on saturday, 2/22/25

first evangelical covenant church
1933 tremont blvd nw
grand rapids 49504

  to register for winter social, please click here: registration
to purchase a meal, please click here: ws25 meals
for more details, please see the event page.ongoing promotions


michigan county
grid challenge





a really big challenge for everyone! this is not a contest. everyone can qualify for a reward, not to mention bragging rights!  





the challenge is a multi-year commitment by the migo challenge committee, ec, and board. can you cover half of the state (bronze), three quarters of the state (silver), or the entire state (gold), finding an assortment of geocache types in 42, 63, or 83 counties? who will top the leaderboard out of the gate? who will be the first to claim a prize? who will be first to reach for the gold?

check your progress here: checker








dnr centennial geocache trail - 
trust the tradition
the michigan department of natural resources is celebrating its centennial year in 2021. jay's sporting goods is celebrating their 50th anniversary. to celebrate, the dnr is partnering with jay's sporting goods with help from migo putting together a geocache trail (not a geotour) of fifty caches in four regions of michigan, one region at a time. jay's is supplying the actual geocaches that will be hidden with our assistance. search the state for caches named "dnr ttt - adventure" in their name.

we want to recognize the following cachers for stepping up to help. numbers in parenthesis indicate multiple sites:

2277, aghudley, bainers1103, bgscrabble, ccsquire, cinamuck, coolmamaof5, dantman&co (2), gdpunkgirl73, grayseelou' hellolola, iatsemedic, ifollowroads, k&a enterprises (2), kirtlandii (2), kitedancer, liteoncache, loumiester, mermaidsh, piperollie1, pirate sunflower (3), ranger4+1, redwings01win, seasonsguide (3). stuffedcabbage, team nix (2), the macho homemaker, theworldisoutthere (5), tjpost (2), traveling dave, usyoopers (5), ypsimom (2).

we would also like to recognize the following additional cachers who volunteered as backups for the primary hiders:

beenhere, dirtbikegranny, epoch13, working4cache

thank you all so much for helping bring this joint effort to fruition.more from migo
promote migo on your geocache page
migo members are encouraged to identify geocaches as being owned by a migo member. we have a page containing sample logos and other graphics for migo cache owners to include on their own cache pages:

 
add a migo logo to your cache page

migo newsletter
migo encourages members to submit content for its quarterly newsletter. submissions should be related to caching or the migo community and can include (but are not limited to) write-ups on specific caches or events, a story about a caching experience, a tribute to another cacher (past or present), or even caching tips. please use this link to submit your content for consideration:

 
newsletter submissionsupcoming eventsupcoming local eventsupcoming eventsupcoming major events





content on this site is the property of the michigan geocaching organization (migo) and may not be duplicated without consent unless specifically stated. 



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









