

texas tech university system | texas tech university system



























about


news
contact
careers
giving
directory
public art



offices


regents


current meeting
watch live
past meetings
meeting calendar
former regents



leadership


chancellor
executive leadership
organizational chart



universities


texas tech university
texas tech university health sciences center
angelo state university
texas tech university health sciences center el paso
midwestern state university 



policies


reports




toggle menu





















developing people, advancing tomorrow.










the texas tech university system
focused on advancing higher education, health care, research and outreach, the texas
                     tech university system is taking a leading role in meeting the global challenges of
                     today and the future.
our component institutions—texas tech university, texas tech university health sciences
                     center, angelo state university, texas tech university health sciences center el paso
                     and midwestern state university—are impacting the lives of individuals not only in
                     west texas, but across the entire state, country and the world.













our stories








                                 ttu system
                                 


ttu system sets enrollment record for 2024-25 academic year












                                 ttu
                                 


texas tech officials cut ribbon on newest academic facility












                                 ttuhsc
                                 


the kenneth h. cooper institute at ttuhsc unveiled in dallas












                                 asu
                                 


ribbon cutting dedicates new housley tower on campus












                                 ttuhsc el paso
                                 


fox family announces $25 million gift to ttuhsc el paso












                                 msu texas
                                 


renovation, expansion of bolin science hall underway






view more stories








5 universities
our distinct and distinguished institutions are recognized leaders in higher education
                     and health care.
21 academic locations
the system’s footprint spans the lone star state and the globe with our universities focused on developing
                        leaders and advancing innovative solutions for the world of tomorrow.




64,000 students
student success is the core mission for our institutions. numerous academic programs
                     are accessible to students throughout the footprint of the system.










$16.4 billion economic impact
our system plays a critical role in the thriving economy of texas. our universities
                        provide exceptional academic offerings, world-class research, and innovation in health
                        care to develop work-force ready graduates who serve our communities and beyond.




$3 billion enterprise
through strategic growth and vitally impactful support from the state of texas, our
                        system is one of the largest public university systems in the state.










400,000 alumni
graduates from our institutions make their homes in communities across the globe, including
                        all 50 states and in more than 120 countries around the world.




21,000 employees
our system consistently has universities recognized as great colleges to work for® by the chronicle of higher education, a designation determined primarily from employee
                        feedback.










$1.7 billion endowment
thanks to the generosity of our dedicated supporters and long-term investment strategy,
                        our nationally recognized endowment has provided our institutions with strength and
                        sustainability for a promising future.




1 of 9
our system is one of just nine in the nation to offer programs that include undergraduate,
                        medical, law, nursing, pharmacy, dental and veterinary education.








ttu system values culture




people first



integrity



community



respect



exemplary service



learn more




our institutions





texas tech university
president:lawrence schovanec, ph.d.
founded: 1923joined ttu system: 1996
















texas tech universityhealth sciences center
president:lori rice-spearman, ph.d.
founded: 1969joined ttu system: 1996
















angelo state university
president:
                              ronnie d. hawkins jr.
founded: 1928
                              joined ttu system: 2007
















texas tech university health sciences center el paso
president:
                              richard lange, m.d., m.b.a.
founded: 2013
                              joined ttu system: 2013















midwestern state university
president:stacia haynie, ph.d.
founded: 1922joined ttu system: 2021














see all institutions













                                 texas tech university system3 rivers ranch
                                 


learn more












                                 texas tech university system public art collection
                                 


learn more












                                 texas tech university system’s values-based culture
                                 


learn more












                                 give to our universities
                                 


learn more

















developing people, advancing tomorrow.





texas tech university
texas tech university health sciences center
angelo state university
texas tech university health sciences center el paso
midwestern state university


fraud & misconduct hotline
careers
general policy information
title ix
open records request
site map
webmaster


state of texas
statewide search
online institutional resumes
texas homeland security
texas veterans portal
sao fraud reporting
mental health resources
energy management
ttu system regulations


©2024 texas tech university system
1508 knoxville avenuelubbock, tx 79409
806.742.2011























©
