






journalism & creative media – college of communication & information sciences







































































mybama






            college of communication & information sciences
          



expand title bar menu



close title bar menu



            search this site
          



submit



news



expand news menu



close news menu

 communicator


about



expand about menu



close about menu

 accreditation
awards
community
resources


research



expand research menu



close research menu

 the institute for communication and information research
labs and workspaces
office of research
opcam
research offices
the speaking studio


departments



expand departments menu



close departments menu

 advertising & public relations
digital media center
communication studies
journalism & creative media
school of lib and info studies
ua online


undergraduate



expand undergraduate menu



close undergraduate menu

 advising
camp
career services
engagement portal
funding and scholarships
get involved
industry immersion
internships
living-learning community


graduate



expand graduate menu



close graduate menu

 advertising & public relations ma
book arts mfa
communication studies ma
doctoral program
funding and scholarships
journalism & media studies ma
lib & info studies mlis


alumni



expand alumni menu



close alumni menu

 alumni events
board of visitors
giving
update your info


people



expand people menu



close people menu

 dean’s office
academic departments
digital media
offices
research
doctoral students





journalism & creative mediahome to award-winning journalists, producers and creatives, the department of journalism and creative media (jcm) empowers students to become skilled storytellers who use media to lead and inspire.become a media expert who understands the social and critical underpinnings of your work, with the technical and leadership skills to adapt to the professional landscape. undergraduategraduateequipment checkout

journalism & creative media


majors



creative media
from creative fiction and documentaries to hard-hitting news and sports, learn the skills you need to tell stories that affect people.




news media
study the ways news and information are produced, from the traditional news outlets to the emerging world of media start-ups.




graduate program
work with award-winning faculty to study the principles and practices of journalism and scholarly inquiry. students choose between a professional, one-year option or a two-year, research option.




minors





creative media






news media






sports media






advising
all c&is undergraduate students receive academic advising through tisch student services. you should meet with your academic advisor at least once per semester to review your academic progress, degree requirements and involvement opportunities.



funding
c&is empowers students to write, speak, design, film and explore through scholarships and awards.

fund your education




get involved
sharpen your skills and expand your circle by joining student organizations.

find your student organization






rising tide film festival
rising tide film festival empowers young filmmakers across the nation, giving them a platform to showcase their passion projects.




office of student media
gain industry experience with publications like alice, the crimson white and nineteen fifty-six. 






new internship listings

country music hall of fame creative intern
the goal of this internship is to engage the intern in various areas of graphic design at the museum including print, digital, content, project management, and vendor relationships. 

brand journalism intern – law school communications
the brand journalism intern plays an essential role in researching, writing, and promoting stories that connect with the school of law’s key audiences. 

public relations / social media intern: children’s healthcare of atlanta
children’s healthcare of atlanta is seeking a public relations/social media intern to support the external communications team in summer 2025. 



more internshipsfor more information on internships, reach out to mark mayfield for news media, maya champion for creative media or teresa gawrych for production.more internships
digital media center











c&is’s most cutting-edge facility, the digital media center (dmc) is a state-of-the-art teaching facility, and production house located in bryant-denny stadium. the dmc is home to alabama public radio, the center for public television & radio, crimson tide productions and wvua 23.

explore the dmc

the holle awards






the holle awards for excellence in creativity and communication is one of the nation’s most prestigious celebrations of creativity in communications, honoring innovative, out-of-the-box work from students, faculty and communication professionals.

apply for a holle award




scholastic journalism
jcm is home to the alabama scholastic press association and the national elementary scholastic press association. through these organizations, the department supports k-12 newspaper, yearbook, news magazine, literary magazine and broadcast staffs around across the state and nation.
equipment checkout
students enrolled in specific journalism & creative media courses are eligible to check out cameras, sound, lighting/grip, and other equipment for use in partial completion of course assignments.

check out equipment


links

film-alert listserv
media writing center
screen-l listserv
screenlex
screensite
shot logger
screenpedia



news




visit tuscaloosa content creation and management internship






alumna kaitlan collins featured in time100 next list 






journalism professor honored by aha 














contact us
have a question for us? reach out.

name(required)

first



last


email(required)

who are you trying to reach?(required)undergraduategraduatenewsadvancement/alumni/givinggeneral inquirywhat's your story about?(required)send us three to five sentences describing your news story. consider “who, what, when, where and why” in your answer.media contact(s)(required)who should we or the media contact with additional questions? be sure to include their email.featured image(s)add up to ten images about your story. 

drop files here or 
select files

accepted file types: jpg, png, max. file size: 100 mb, max. files: 10. recommended run datewhat is the latest date this story can run?

mm slash dd slash yyyy

let's narrow it down.(required)


advertising & public relations



communication studies



journalism & creative media



other
let's narrow it down.(required)


advertising & public relations



communication studies



journalism & creative media



school of library & information studies



ph.d. program



other
campus(required)


main campus



online (if applicable)
message(required)have questions? ask away. 
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











office: reese phifer hall, room 490hours: monday – friday, 8:00 a.m. – 4:45 p.m. phone: 205.348.7155
facebook
twitter










contact us
 box 870172 tuscaloosa, al 35487
 uaccis@ua.edu
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
x
mail
log in



 accreditation
 apply to ua
 c&is brand resources
 c&is faculty and staff resources
 communication & advancement
 course catalog
 experts database
 giving
 graduation
 office of disability services
 opportunities, connections and success
















copyright © 2025
 the university of alabama


(205) 348-6010


contact ua






accessibility


sacscoc



                taskstream
              


equal opportunity


data access request


disclaimer


privacy


about this site














this website uses cookies to collect information to improve your browsing experience. please review our privacy statement for more information.
i understand

























