















smithtown, ny - official website | official website









 















skip to main content




















parking stickers


	resident parking permits extended
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      elected officials      departments      services      how do i?      community  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 





 










     





 
 
 

 












 














public meetings








maps / gis










 
 














view / pay your property taxes








town parks & beaches registration










 
 














construction information








notify me®










 
 
 



 














top links








news








calendar








contact










 
 
 



 














recreationrecreational programs & servicesread on








pets & wildlife rescueanimals for adoption & wildlife rescueread on










 
 














senior servicessenior citizens center & programs read on








youth servicesyouth bureau, programs & servicesread on










 
 
 

























 














news & highlightskeep informed with the latest news and highlights
 






  
 
 















smithtown opioid and addiction task force 


town of smithtown town board unanimously approve the creation of an opioid and addiction task force aimed at community awareness, support for families and combating the substance use crisis						read on...







smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, wall-e! 


adopt wall-e						read on...







smithtown senior center gets an a 


smithtown senior citizen center honored as the subject of members grandson’s college paper						read on...







winter storm watch - useful tips, numbers & info 


a winter storm watch is in effect from saturday at 7pm through sunday at 11am (est)						read on...







smithtown animal shelter’s pets of the week, frankenstein and catapotumous! 


adopt frankenstein and catapotumous!						read on...







smithtown’s monthly recycling tip: february – recycle your k-cups 


each month, the town of smithtown shares valuable recycling tips and resources to encourage waste reduction and responsible disposal. in february, we’re focusing on recycling k-cups and single-serve coffee or tea pods.						read on...







smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, morris! 


adopt morris!						read on...







now hiring for summer 


town of smithtown now accepting applications for seasonal employment for the summer						read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, candied yams! 


adopt candied yams!						read on...







home field advantage for youth athletes 


town of smithtown announces plans for the highly anticipated state-of-the-art athletic fields for youth football, cheer and lacrosse at charles p. toner park						read on...







smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, cranberry sauce! 


adopt cranberry sauce!						read on...







inaugural 2025 calendar featuring adoptable pets 


smithtown animal shelter inaugural 2025 calendar featuring adoptable pets						read on...







recycle your christmas tree at the curb 


start the new year off with the town of smithtown’s christmas tree recycling program. check out two ways to recycle your tree.						read on...







smithtown pets of the week, goldie and kate! 


adopt goldie and kate						read on...







smithtown’s annual menorah lighting ceremony 


read on...







pay/view your property taxes 


read on...







holiday cheer through annual giving tradition 


town of smithtown employees and officials spread holiday cheer through annual giving tradition						read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, butterball 


adopt butterball!						read on...







smithtown senior center gives back 


smithtown senior citizen center collects over $2000.00 in gift cards to donate to the angels of kings park						read on...







town of smithtown disability advisory board hosts successful sensory-friendly movie night 


read on...







town of smithtown celebrates groundbreaking on destination kp sports park 


town of smithtown celebrates groundbreaking on destination kp sports park. state-of-the-art sports complex to bring athletic facilities, economic growth, and community revitalization to kings park						read on...







smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, fleetwood mac! 


adopt fleetwood mac!						read on...







celebrate the festival of lights 


celebrate the festival of lights with music, latkes, donuts, and community spirit at the town of smithtown’s annual menorah lighting ceremony
thursday december 26th at 4:30 pm | smithtown town hall						read on...







new york inflation refund coming soon 


governor kathy hochul is calling for new york’s first-ever inflation refund.						read on...







smithtown’s annual tree lighting ceremony 


read on...







construction begins at smithtown welcome center 


construction underway for new welcome center at paul t. given park						read on...







federal assistance for long island residents and businesses affected by august 2024 flooding 


governor hochul announces that homeowners, renters, and businesses in suffolk and nassau counties, affected by the august 2024 flooding can now apply for u.s. small business administration low-interest loans						read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, leslie! 


adopt leslie!						read on...







emergency operations grant awarded 


town of smithtown awarded $200,000 for emergency operations center upgrades						read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, lucky! 


adopt lucky!						read on...







the tender years treasury 


town of smithtown recreation & senior citizens department to host; the annual children’s holiday shopping experience, the tender years treasury						read on...







ohm for the holidays 


horizons counseling and education center presents a stress management class geared towards holiday burnout						read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pet of the week, flap jack! 


adopt flap jack!						read on...







showcasing the american dream 


town of smithtown exhibits historic property records and tax documents at town hall showcasing san remo american dream story						read on...







epilepsy awareness month 


town of smithtown hosts first annual epilepsy awareness month ceremony with young resident who inspired the celebration						read on...







nesconset – approximately 700 feet of new ductile iron water main will be on installed on blackwell 


read on...







smithtown secures sewer expansion funds 


smithtown awarded $21.3 million for sewer district expansion, secures over $80 million in grant funding since 2017						read on...







commack community gathers for unveiling of survivors park project sign at valmont park in commack 


read on...







meet the smithtown animal shelter’s pets of the week, sammy & gorgs! 


adopt sammy & gorgs!						read on...







student artists showcase red ribbon week “life is movie, film drug free” artwork virtual gallery 


“ life is a movie, film drug free” virtual art gallery						read on...







smithtown pet of the week, snoop bird! 


adopt snoop bird!						read on...







smithtown shreds 9.43 tons of paper 


18,860 pounds of personal documents successfully shredded						read on...







smithtown pet of the week, bronco! 


adopt bronco!						read on...







smithtown seniors celebrate 90 years and over 


town of smithtown senior center celebrates the birthdays of members ranging from 90 years to 103						read on...







smithtown community holds september 11th remembrance ceremony 


wednesday, september 11th, 2024 at 3:00 pm						read on...







guidance for homeowners & businesses affected by record rainfall 


read on...







award winning callahans beach reconstruction 


callahan’s beach reconstruction honored with asce long island branch quality of life award, libn top green project and ny state society of professional engineers (long island chapter) outstanding engineering achievement award						read on...







town of smithtown teams with trex® to turn household plastics into sustainable decking 


residents can now recycle plastic bags, packaging and film at the municipal services facility						read on...







smile for autism awareness month 


the town of smithtown to kick-off autism awareness month with the announcement of two recreation programs for people living with neurodiversities						read on...







the town of smithtown maintains coveted aaa bond rating for 2024 


the town of smithtown maintains coveted aaa bond rating for 2024, bolstered by investments in downtown revitalization, a robust economy and fiscal prudence						read on...







smithtown deemed 37 years as tree city usa 


the town of smithtown, deemed tree city usa for over 37 years by the arbor day foundation						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














events & highlightskeep informed with the latest events and highlights
 






  
 
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












thu, feb 20  

town board meeting

town board meetingread on






tue, feb 25  

board of zoning appeals

board of zoning appealsread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 














welcome to smithtown ny
city hall



welcome to smithtown ny
the landing



welcome to smithtown ny
the bay with boats


















						1
						city hall




						2
						the landing




						3
						the bay with boats








  
 
 



 














stay connectedconnect with us through social media
 






  
 
 














   exciting news for smithtown athletes and sports fans!join us for an inside look at the all-new, state-of-the-art turf fields and courts across the smithtown township! from upgraded soccer fields and basketball courts to fresh tennis, and pickleball facilities, our township is now home to some of the best athletic grounds in the region. designed for athletes of all ages, these improvements mean our community can enjoy enhanced sports experiences and events year-round! don't miss this first look at the future of sports in smithtown!
 




  the jewel of smithtown: hoyt farm nature preservetucked away in smithtown, hoyt farm is the go-to spot for families, nature lovers, and history buffs alike. this spotlight video takes you on a tour of the preserve, exploring all the ways hoyt farm brings the community together—from interactive educational programs and rescued farm animals to historical tours, scenic picnics, and free music concerts under the open sky. join us for a closer look at the premiere park that smithtown calls the jewel of the township.
 




 sweetbriar nature center: wildlife rehab & education take a closer look at sweetbriar nature center, a 54-acre sanctuary of wildlife rehabilitation, environmental education, and conservation nestled on the picturesque banks of the nissequogue river. in this video, we’ll take you on a journey through sweetbriar’s diverse landscapes—lush gardens, serene woodlands, vibrant fields, and peaceful wetlands—all providing essential habitats for countless plants and animals. sweetbriar’s mission goes beyond simply caring for the land; they also rescue and rehabilitate native wildlife, offering a second chance to animals in need.
 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







town of smithtown


general information


phone number: 631-360-7512


contact us
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







town code



new york state department of environmental conservation



department of public safety brochure(pdf)



refuse/recycling calendar









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



copyright notices



accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














home







site map







copyright notices







accessibility













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









