






justin hall - an active mind...









































creative technologist, ai developer, agile coach, artist, writer
based in lexington, kentucky by way of elkhorn city, kentucky     and a small holler called biggs branch 



 









  




about
social
talents

connect with me















here i am around the age of two playing with my cat thomasina in a coal pile near my home on biggs branch.


howdy, friends and neighbors!
i was born in pikeville, ky in 1974.  my parents had a bluegrass band and my father was an artist. even though i grew up in the hills of eastern kentucky where coal was king i never was interested in that world.  i loved the mountains, history, and heritage, but i had other interests.
i graduated from elkhorn city high school in 1993 and pikeville college (now upike) in the summer of 1997. shortly after graduating from upike i discovered an interest in web design and development.
the web held my attention and captivated my imagination.
in 2017, i was chosen as one of fast company's 100 most creative people in business for teaching a coal miner how to code and helping start bit source, a company located in eastern kentucky that employs former coal miners as coders. 
currently, i am the building an ai startup, dark holler comics.
i'm also involved in several start ups and entrepreneurial efforts across the commonwealth.





21+
years experience




1001+
ideas




9+
current projects














my talents

i've been blessed with talents and a drive to want to achieve goals for myself and others around me.






  
digital artist
nothing can match the feeling of creating characters, landscapes, and worlds, and bringing them to life.




 
software developer
problem solving and creating experiences for users of different types on various devices is very rewarding. 




  
agile coach
i enjoy watching other people grow by building teams around agile principles via agile learning. agile manifesto




  
entrepreneur
building a business or making something out of nothing and turning it into a value is a huge undertaking.  it is also an addiction. 




  
lifelong learner
when you stop dreaming and learning it is simply time to step aside.  adapt and evolve to survive. #surviveandadvance




  
storyteller
in the very near future we are all going to be fixing robots and/or telling stories.  what do you want to do? i am enjoying doing both now.











social media

connect with me on the networks below:






social:


  twitter 


  github 


  youtube 


  instagram 


  twitch 


  steam 


  pinterest 


  stack overflow 


  linkedin 


  patreon 










got any great ideas?
connect with me








copyright © 2021 justin hall. all rights reserved.

blog
about
social
portfolio
talents
 terms & policy
 disclaimer













terms & policy
 × 












copyright & disclaimer
 × 

































