






mortgage field services industry | safeguard properties














































 








 











 






property inspections

insurance policy inspections

property data collection

single-family rental

insurance loss inspections

property preservation

fha conveyance
real estate owned (reo)
resources





skip to content


























it is more than a motto. it is a promise to our clients that we will deliver mortgage field services efficiently, effectively and at the highest levels of quality.











nppc 2024
the national property preservation conference is set for 2024! the national property preservation conference 2024 is headed to the mgm national harbor resort! join us november 11-13, 2024. registration and sponsorship opportunities will be announced soon! check back for more details!

learn more ➝


➜
➜









safeguard featured in property preservation executive forum
the latest five star institute property preservation executive forum newsletter featured an article from safeguard properties offering insight into three key areas of business mortgage field servicers providers should focus on to ensure that mortgage servicer portfolios remain secure and protected.

learn more ➝


➜
➜









disaster alert center
as flooding, tornadoes, hurricanes and wildfires continue to occur at an accelerated rate, keep track of the latest developments with safeguard’s disaster alert center.

learn more ➝


➜
➜









covid-19: fema declaration activity
as the coronavirus covid-19 pandemic continues, actions are being taken by fema to assist impacted areas. stay informed of the latest with safeguard’s declaration resource.

learn more ➝


➜
➜






property inspectionsproperty inspectionstimely and accurate reporting of the condition and occupancy status of a property.learn more ➝insurance policy inspectionsinsurance policy inspectionspremium commercial and personal lineslearn more ➝property data collectionsproperty data collectionsverified property data collector for hybrid valuationslearn more ➝insurance loss inspectionsinsurance loss inspectionsassessing damage repairs to ensure work is done effectively and efficientlylearn more ➝property preservationproperty preservationkeeping vacant properties secure, safe, and well-maintained.learn more ➝fha conveyancefha conveyanceproperly managing the fha post-sale process to avoid reconveyances.learn more ➝real estate ownedreal estate ownedmaintaining the real estate assets of our clients to protect value and improve marketability.learn more ➝become a vendor


join safeguard’s vendor network and be your own boss.















featured resources









fema emergency declaration – kentucky severe storms and straight-line winds

february 16 - safeguard



monthly u.s. foreclosure activity increases in january 2025

february 11 - safeguard



rodney e. hood announced as acting comptroller of the currency

february 7 - safeguard



mortgage delinquencies increase in the fourth quarter of 2024

february 6 - safeguard






sign up for industry alerts


have the important information at your fingertips as soon as it is released.





subscribe



 



leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 











contact usreach out to us via phone, email, or the form below.
fields marked with an * are required

 







our information


safeguard properties
7887 hub parkway
valley view, oh 44125


216.739.2900
media inquiries: safeguard.communication@safeguardproperties.com


24-hour complaint hotline:
855.563.9154


transparency in coverage information - click here






connect








our partners














© copyright safeguard properties 2025


privacy


legal information














cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. by browsing our website, you agree to our use of cookies.


accept









x






ceo
alan jaffa

alan jaffa is the chief executive officer for safeguard properties, steering the company as the mortgage field services industry leader. he also serves on the board of advisors for scg partners, a middle-market private equity fund focused on diversifying and expanding safeguard properties’ business model into complimentary markets.
alan joined safeguard in 1995, learning the business from the ground up. he was promoted to chief operating officer in 2002, and was named ceo in may 2010. his hands-on experience has given him unique insights as a leader to innovate, improve and strengthen safeguard’s processes to assure that the company adheres to the highest standards of quality and customer service.
under alan’s leadership, safeguard has grown significantly with strategies that have included new and expanded services, technology investments that deliver higher quality and greater efficiency to clients, and strategic acquisitions. he takes a team approach to process improvement, involving staff at all levels of the organization to address issues, brainstorm solutions, and identify new and better ways to serve clients.
in 2008, alan was recognized by crain’s cleveland business in its annual “40-under-40” profile of young leaders. he also was named a neo ernst & young entrepreneur of the year® award finalist in 2013.






x






esq., general counsel and evp
linda erkkila

linda erkkila is the general counsel and executive vice president for safeguard properties, with oversight of legal, human resources, training, and compliance. linda’s broad scope of oversight covers regulatory issues that impact safeguard’s operations, risk mitigation, strategic planning, human resources and training initiatives, compliance, insurance, litigation and claims management, and counsel related to mergers, acquisition and joint ventures.
linda assures that safeguard’s strategic initiatives align with its resources, leverage opportunities across the company, and contemplate compliance mandates. she has practiced law for 25 years and her experience, both as outside and in-house counsel, covers a wide range of corporate matters, including regulatory disclosure, corporate governance compliance, risk assessment, compensation and benefits, litigation management, and mergers and acquisitions.
linda earned her jd at cleveland-marshall college of law. she holds a degree in economics from miami university and an mba. linda was previously named as both a “woman of influence” by housingwire and as a “leading lady” by mreport.






x






coo
michael greenbaum

michael greenbaum is the chief operating officer of safeguard properties, where he has played a pivotal role since joining the company in july 2010. initially brought on as vice president of reo, mike’s exceptional leadership and strategic vision quickly propelled him to vice president of operations in 2013, and ultimately to coo in 2015. over his 14-year tenure at safeguard, mike has been instrumental in driving change and fostering innovation within the property preservation sector, consistently delivering excellence and becoming a trusted partner to clients and investors.
a distinguished graduate of the united states military academy at west point, mike earned a degree in quantitative economics. following his graduation, he served in the u.s. army’s ordnance branch, where he specialized in supply chain management. before his tenure at safeguard, mike honed his expertise by managing global supply chains for 13 years, leveraging his military and civilian experience to lead with precision and efficacy.






x






cfo
joe iafigliola

joe iafigliola is the chief financial officer for safeguard properties. joe is responsible for the control, quality assurance, business development, marketing, accounting, and information security departments. at the core of his responsibilities is the drive to ensure that safeguard’s focus remains rooted in customer service = resolution. through his executive leadership role, he actively supports sgpnow.com, an on-demand service geared towards real estate and property management professionals as well as individual home owners in need of inspection and property preservation services. joe is also an integral force behind compliance connections, a branch of safeguard properties that allows code enforcement professionals to report violations at properties that can then be addressed by the safeguard vendor network. compliance connections also researches and shares vacant property ordinance information with safeguard clients.
joe has an mba from the weatherhead school of management at case western reserve university, is a certified management accountant (cma), and holds a bachelor’s degree from the ohio state university’s honors accounting program.






x









business development
carrie tackett

business development safeguard properties































