






crafts, projects, science experiments, and recipes for moms with young children – funology







































 crafts, projects, science experiments, and recipes for moms with young children - funologya huge collection of activities for moms with young, elementary school-aged kidshome
crafts
recipes
science
magic
games
jokes
trivia
blog
 



easter placematsmake these fun placemats for the easter dinner table.
bunny maskpretend to be the easter bunny.

 more arts and crafts projects…



switching fingershave a friend watch as a rubber band jumps from finger to finger!
phantom coinrub two coins together and a third one magically appears!

 more magic tricks…



pita pizzathis is a great idea for a personal sized pizza!
ooey-gooey browniesmarshmallows make these brownies ooey-gooey good.

 more recipes…



color a flowerturn a white flower into a pink one, or a green one!
london fog – anywhere you want it!try this experiment to make your own fog!

 more science experiments…



the throwing gamekeep your eye on the ball!!
dragonshave you ever grabbed a dragon by its tail?

 more games…



seasonal jokeswhichever way the winds blow–warm or cold–we have plenty of jokes for you.
christmas jokeschristmas fun for little elves.

 more jokes and riddles…



facts about the human bodywho knew your body was so strange?
facts about hanukkahcelebrate the festival of lights!

 more trivia and strange facts…



advertisement







recent blog posts
the rules are there for a reasonat a recent scout meeting, we were talking about what it means to be a good citizen. we've had … [read more...]good sportsour youngest son plays on a soccer team that is blessed with two amazing coaches. these two dads … [read more...]top 10 tips for traveling with kidssummer is almost here, and for many of us, that means hitting the road (or the skies) and going on … [read more...]
advertisement






advertisement




advertisement

 


food advertisements by
   

 


connect with us:
emailfacebookpinteresttwitter
advertisement





 

advertisement







advertisement





 
advertisement




 


about funology
funology is the ultimate parenting toolbox! we offer ideas you can use to inspire and entertain your kids offline. simply put, we offer the cure to boredom! more...
terms of use • privacy policy •  affiliate disclosure


advertising opportunities
funology offers a variety of sponsorship opportunities. we are looking for a select group of companies that share our commitment to providing high quality products and services to families and teachers. more...

copyright © 2025 big fish design. all rights reserved.





 
