




















home


































channels


security


solutions


























deliver the convenient, secure transactions cardholders demand






















in our ever-changing world, star is positioned to meet the needs of consumers and businesses today, and in the future. as a full-service debit payments network, star provides anytime, anywhere access to enable purchases and payments through any channel.




























multiple payment channels
focused on exceeding consumer expectations, star offers safe, secure and flexible debit transactions through new and existing channels such as digital wallets, atms and point-of-sale. 





learn more

















security is our priority
we take transaction security seriously. star is focused on constantly expanding fraud mitigation services so that cardholders can feel safe using their debit card in any payment channel.





learn more

















a full suite of solutions
star supports all payment methods for fast, frictionless account access in any channel, including pin, pinless, ecommerce, bill payment, signature, atm and tokenized transactions.





learn more










































why fiserv and star network
with decades of experience, fiserv has developed solutions to keep its clients covered for the next generation of commerce technologies and ahead of their competition. star network is privileged to serve more than 115 million debit cardholders from over 2,800 issuers including 24 of the top 50 in the u.s.  for all our star network members and their cardholders, we deliver a comprehensive suite of point-of-sale, ecommerce, card-not-present debit, atm and funds transfer services with innovative functionality, such as industry-leading fraud mitigation tools.















one of the nation's leading full-service debit networks
for more information on star and other fiserv solutions call us at 800-872-7882 or complete the form below.  








this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.












thank you for your interest!
your inquiry has been successfully submitted. we will route it to the appropriate member of our team and they will respond shortly.






































© 2025 fiserv, inc., or its affiliates.




















