




  






home - silver city grant county chamber of commerce & conference center, nm















 
















live camera of downtown silver city
























home









login









contact

























pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events



































































chamber corporate sponsors









































































































































 toggle navigation   





home
grant county conference center

our community






bayard


grant county


hurley


mimbres valley


santa clara


silver city


western new mexico university


economic development


gila economic development alliance


gila regional medical center - hospital


new mexico workforce connection


silver city main street


small business development center


join today!







join today!
business directory

the chamber






about us


board of directors


staff


contact us


communications


join today!








member center






member application


member benefits


marketing and networking opportunities


member to member deals


member login


join today!








tourism     relocation   and videos






request tourism / relocation packet


weather


entertainment


dining


lodging


real estate


shopping


map


bear canyon lake


bill evans lake


boston hill trail system


city of rocks state park


continental divide trail


fort bayard national historic landmark


gila cliff dwellings national monument


gila national forest


lake roberts


mimbres culture heritage site


mogollon ghost town


silver city golf course


silver city museum


trail of the mountain spirits scenic byway


western new mexico university museum


videos








hot deals, jobs, news & more






hot deals


job postings


in the news


marketplace



































                                                    gila cliff dwellings national monument
                                                










                                                    gila national forest
                                                










                                                    lake roberts
                                                










                                                    silver city blues festival
                                                










                                                    tour of the gila bike race
                                                














covid-19












https://f.io/tdiznrkv

















welcome to the silver city grant county chamber of commerce!
we are the gateway to the gila cliff dwellings national monument, the continental divide trail, the 3.3 million-acre gila national forest, and home of western new mexico university. with four gentle seasons through-out the year, this is a great place to live, work, and play.













live









eat









sleep









shop









play



























advanced air has flights from albuquerque or phoenix to silver city / grant county airport.
they also have connecting flights direct to hawthorne airport in los angeles from the phoenix terminal.
click on the picture of the plane to visit their website.
click here to see a video of the advanced air aircraft.


































chamber mission



our mission is to serve our members by promoting business, commerce and tourism in grant county.
we have super educational systems, first-class health care facilities, and opportunities for the young and retired. whether you like the outdoors, the artistic scene, or just laying back watching the clear blue sky of day or the starry night sky... grant county is a great place.




















great weather



grant county has an almost ideal year-round climate, with plenty of sun and few very hot or very cold days. and… although we are part of the sunny southwest, there is just enough fall and winter to assure us of four gentle seasons with blazing fall foliage and - at least occasionally - a little snow to frame our spectacular views.




















fantastic scenery



grant county is home to a remarkably diverse landscape. you will find the vast high desert on the southern end of the county, and beautiful high mountains to our north. elevations range from 4,500 to 11,000 feet above sea level. the wildlife is plentiful. the plants and flowers are beautiful. our portion of southwest new mexico is breathtakingly beautiful.

































































directory







deals







map







news







events


































contact us 




 silver city grant county chamber of commerce & conference center

  mailing address:  post office box 1028, silver city, nm 88062-1028

  800. 548.9378

  director@silvercity.org








explore













about us









board of directors









contact us



















members













member directory









member login









member deals


















what's new













news releases









hot deals









job postings































































privacy, security and refund policy:
privacy policy:  the silver city grant county chamber of commerce respects and we are committed to protecting your privacy. we may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. we also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. we will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone. security policy:  your payment and personal information is always safe. our secure sockets layer (ssl) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. it encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet. refund policy:  the silver city grant county chamber of commerce reserves the right to approve/disapprove refunds on a case by case basis.  all approved refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase within five (5) business days upon approval of the refund.
 














© copyright 2025 silver city grant county chamber of commerce & conference center. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.





















