






usi main home | union of students in ireland






















































































about us

about usi
your coiste gnó
governance committee
memberships and partnerships
history of usi
funded programmes
usi.ie updates
policies

privacy policy




contact

contact us
media

press




policy & democracy

democracy overview
constitution
comhairle náisiúnta
current union policies
submissions
position papers and strategy papers


student achievement awards























usi/amlé: ireland’s student movement



about usi/amlé







news


“well, is it the same old line?press release "well, is it the same old line? strike action to be taken as usi stands in unwavering solidarity with bimm's students and ifut, while dispute remains unresolved. dublin, ireland – february 5, 2025 – the union of students in ireland (usi)/ amlé  stands in full solidarity with the students and lecturers at bimm music institute dublin, as they protest the proposed redundancy plans and wage cuts that threaten the quality of...
read more feb 5, 2025students across ireland set to walk out of lectures to highlight their anger and frustration ahead of upcoming general electionthird-level students across ireland are set to walk out of lectures on thursday morning (october 17) at 11.30am as part of a national protest organised by the union of students in ireland and local students’ unions. the national student walkout aims to highlight the anger and frustration students are feeling at the complete lack of measures in budget 2025 to support them, and to remind tds and candidates of the power of the student voice...
read more oct 17, 2024usi launches the student manifesto ahead of upcoming general electionthe next government of ireland must publish a new strategic plan for student accommodation and commit to taking urgent action to address the current crisis, according to the union of students in ireland’s general election manifesto, which launches today. in the student manifesto, usi also calls for the next government to introduce free public transport for all students, abolish all third-level fees and decriminalise recreational drugs for...
read more oct 14, 2024union of students in ireland partners with focus ireland to shine a light on homelessnessthird level students across ireland will shine a light on homelessness on october 9 as the union of students in ireland partners with focus ireland to host a number of sleep outs on college and university campuses. focus ireland, which provides services for people who are experiencing homelessness and people at risk of homelessness in ireland, is encouraging businesses, schools, and communities to host a sleep out, as part of its fundraising...
read more oct 3, 2024lack of support for third-level students makes it seem like government wants to hand young people a plane ticket along with their leaving cert. results – usino measures to ease the financial pressure on third level students were announced today, despite budget 2025 being described as the ‘biggest giveaway budget since the celtic tiger,’ says the union of students in ireland. students will be no better off in 2025 as a result of this budget, with no further reductions to the student contribution charge and no real announcement on student accommodation. the repeat of the €1,000 reduction in the...
read more oct 1, 2024     




what’s on?


esc 49comhdháil 2025student achievement awards



usi will host the european students’ union (esu)’s 49th european student convention in galway from 24-28 february 2025. all delegate positions have been filled.

comhdháil 2025 will take place at white’s hotel, wexford, from 14-18 april 2025. delegate positions are decided by member organisations ansd more information will be posted very soon

the usi student achievement awards will take place on 19 may 2025 at the sugar club, dublin. more information will be posted here very soon!









how do i get involved?

there are many ways to get involved in usi. ask your students’ union for information about our events and our campaigns to play your part in your island-wide union.







© the union of students in ireland 2024all rights reserved.



12 shamrock villasdublin 6w xh75



privacy policy



 






gdpr statementthis website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










































