








mathematics





































skip to main content







a-z index 

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


quicklinks directories
academic departments
staff & faculty
students
campus info
calendars & events
humboldt brand
employment
maps
facility rental
cares reporting
ombuds services
tools
myhumboldt
account settings
reset your password
myhousing
technology assistance
course info
catalog
class schedule
course rotations
major academic plans (maps)
registration
student services
associated students
bookstore
financial aid
library
registrar
tuition & fee payment
through student center
electronic payments
student financial services
 myhumboldt





cal poly humboldt
cal poly humboldt

















mathematics









toggle navigation



menu



about the programstoggle submenu for about the programsmathematics, b.a.
data science, b.s.
scholarships

math careers & alumni
get involved
eventstoggle submenu for eventsmath colloquium
lamberson lecture
kieval lecture
other events

tutoring resources
ge math & placementtoggle submenu for ge math & placementge math & enrollment categories
ge math requirements by major
math placement & aleks ppl
info for advisors

faculty & staff
mathematics department newsletter
giving











 
















 








  

 






with the support of faculty and opportunities to apply your knowledge, you’ll learn how to conceptualize problems and develop the analytical skills to construct solutions. you'll also sharpen your ability to think logically, work with abstract concepts, and communicate effectively.





science @ humboldt  



 









admissions info







math careers







stay connected















 



















 



 






degree optionsthe deparment of mathematics offers two degree paths, a mathematics bachelors and a data science bachelors.























mathematics, b.a.the curriculum is rigorous yet flexible to help you develop basic analytical skills and sharpen your ability to think logically, work with abstract ideas, and recognize patterns and structures. whether through coursework or extracurricular activities, students learn to apply abstract mathematical concepts to real-life situations while building practical skills that will prepare them for graduate school and a variety of careers.mathematics information







data science, b.s.data scientists gather and investigate data and extract meaningful insights and hidden trends. they also use machine learning algorithms to build predictive models which have a wide range of applications, from tiktok recommendations to predicting the next covid variant to surge. at cal poly humboldt, we are particularly passionate about “data for good” and believe data science can help solve many challenges addressing our society from housing inequity to climate change. data science information











featured alumni profile 


 




vic colborn, 2000
head of data, sentient investment management
i solve puzzles for technology companies. primarily creating statistical models and the data feeds that drive them, my role is to formalize all aspects of the data/software stack.
vic's profile »
other alumni profiles »

  

 








career options









mathematics, b.a.mathematics students hone their ability to think critically, becoming thoughtful about what they state and what they prove. these skills are crucial, especially in a world of endless information and big data. knowing how to analyze and solve problems prepares for a variety of fields, from accounting to zoology in public and private sectors.here are a few examples of what you can do with a mathematics degree (some fields may require additional education):mathematiciandata analystmathematics instructor or teacherbusiness analystfinancial analyst







data science, bs.data science methodologies build skills and knowledge that are being applied to nearly every field in natural and social sciences and the humanities. the data science program provides a pathway for students to prepare for a growing number of data-rich professions. here are a few examples of what you can do with a data science degree (some fields may require additional education):data analystdata managerdata analytics project managerrisk analyticsdata researcherdata scientist







‘humboldt math graduates also compete well for entrance to graduate schools and have pursued advanced degrees at more than 43 different universities. humboldt is ranked first in the nation by the national science foundation among non-ph.d. granting institutions for sending students on to doctoral programs and 5th among all universities in the nation.





more career options  »



  department news

modeling microglia: students bridge math and biology to decode alzheimer’s

cal poly humboldt celebrates the class of 2024!

2nd annual giving day: 24 hours. a lifetime of impact.

80th kieval lecture continues celebration of mathematics

hsu students use math to solve real-world problems in international competition

more 







 achievements 
find out what our students, faculty, and staff are being recognized for.



faculty  kamila larripa, anca radulescu mathematics
kamila larripa and collaborator anca radulescu had their paper accepted to the journal of theoretical biology.  the paper is titled "a mathematical model of microglia glucose metabolism and lactylation with positive feedback" and links cellular metabolism...
submitted: january 24, 2025 

student  cheyenne ty, amanda case, emmanule mezzulo, abigail penland (students) and kamila larripa (faculty) mathematics
mathematics cheyenne ty, amanda case, emmanuel mezzulo, abigail penland, and kamila larripa had their research paper published in the spora: a journal of biomathematics. the paper is called...
submitted: january 17, 2025 

faculty  kamila larripa mathematics
kamila larripa and collaborators had their paper accepted to the springer volume advances in data science.  the article is titled "randomized iterative methods for tensor regression under the t-product" and sets forth novel methods to handle multimodal data.  this...
submitted: november 15, 2024 


more achievements » 
 







 



 
 
 
 
 




 

 




cal poly humboldt





cal poly humboldt



mathematicsbehavioral & social sciences building, room 3201 harpst st. arcata, ca 95521phone: (707) 826-3143math@humboldt.edu 

 






 web accessibility




 



