










indiana university















skip to main content











indiana university





menu
















academics

toggle academics navigation








degrees and majors


choosing a major


career prep


academic advising and support








admissions

toggle admissions navigation








admission standards


how to apply


transfer to iu


transferring credit


after you've been admitted


visit a campus








cost and financial aid

toggle cost and financial aid navigation








tuition and fees


financial aid


scholarships and awards








life at iu

toggle life at iu navigation








bloomington


indianapolis


columbus


east 


fort wayne


kokomo


northwest


south bend


southeast 


iu online








make an impact

toggle make an impact navigation








research opportunities


global impact


service


alumni








about

toggle about navigation








iu leadership


iu at a glance


impact on the future


iu locations


contact iu









search





search



search



























bring on tomorrow

at indiana university, we're focused on building a better future, today.


see how we are creating tomorrow


explore stories about


arts and humanities


cancer research


serving our communities











9
campuses




930+
academic programs




90,000+
students




170
countries represented




790,000+
alumni








* statistics are current as of 2023.









put iu in the picture

use this filter to show us how indiana university is helping you create a better tomorrow by putting the trident in every pic you snap.




get the filter



















pursue your passion or explore the possibilities

from nursing to criminal justice, epidemiology to environmental science, social work to cybersecurity, and more than 930 academic programs in between, iu gives you the power to study whatever sparks your interest, with the support of world-class professors and faculty who care about your success.

explore iu academics













find your ideal campus life at iu

each of our nine campuses offers a welcoming, inclusive environment that feels like home, whatever your background, interests, or goals. whether you want a big ten college experience, the dynamic pace of an urban research university, the community feeling of a regional campus close to home, or the flexibility of a fully online degree program, you’ll find it at iu.

explore life at iu













see how iu is leading research 

as one of america’s top research universities, and one of the few doctoral-granting schools in the u.s. with more than one research 1 (r1) campus, iu is fiercely committed to research and creative activity that improves lives. from the nation’s largest medical school to pioneering research institutes, we’re attracting the brightest minds, discovering the next life-saving solutions, and improving quality of life for hoosiers and citizens worldwide.

explore iu's research impact 













be part of a university that makes a global impact

iu is on the front lines of important, life-changing issues and global developments. our international partnerships reach nearly every region of the world, making it easy to pursue your passions at home or abroad. with an eye on the future, iu faculty, scientists, and researchers are making indiana—and the world—a better place through their research on groundbreaking projects.

explore iu's global impact






iu news and events

stay up to date with the latest announcements, news, and information, or find out what’s happening around campus at each iu location and online.

all news stories
view iu events











                feb 11, 2025            


brondizio awarded ‘nobel prize for the environment,’ honoring decades-long research on the amazon














                jan 31, 2025            


research impact: iu create director spearheads research of microelectronics for harsh environments














                feb 18, 2025            


run hide fight training available online from iu public safety











                    explore iu
                





iu admissions


ready to find out more about the university or get started on your iu application? iu admissions would love to talk with you about finding the right iu experience.








explore cost, financial aid, and scholarships


find iu tuition and fees and explore financial aid and scholarship options.











download the iu mobile app

the improved iu mobile app puts more of the tools you need in one place, no matter where you are. stay updated on important university info, get easy access to iu learning resources, view your class schedule, and more.




start using the iu mobile app today.
















social media




                                facebook for iu
                            









                                linkedin for iu
                            










                                twitter for iu
                            









                                instagram for iu
                            









                                youtube for iu
                            










additional resources



indiana university


contact us


give now


have a question? askiu






services


canvas


one.iu




email


exchange


about email at iu




find


people directory


jobs at iu


non-discrimination notice




library


iucat




resources


diversity


it services


knowledge base


protect iu
















accessibility


college scorecard


privacy notice


copyright © 
                            2025                        
                        the trustees of indiana university


















