



  










home - plagiarism.org














skip to content





toggle navigation









understanding plagiarism
                        


preventing plagiarism
                        


teaching about plagiarism
                        


plagiarism checking
                        


plagiarism research
                        


plagiarism policy
                        
















about plagiarism.org


      plagiarism is a common (and often misunderstood) problem that is often the result of a lack of knowledge and skills. our mission is to support the education community with a comprehensive set of resources to help students write with integrity.
    




what is plagiarism?




plagiarism: facts & stats




preventing plagiarism when writing




the latest from the blog




4 tips to easily avoid plagiarism




published august 12, 2021

how can you grow your writing confidence as a student and avoid plagiarism while drafting a paper? read on to find out.






why is it still plagiarism when i paraphrase and use my own words?




published august 6, 2021

learn how to distinguish paraphrasing and plagiarism from original work.






what is creative commons anyway?




published july 24, 2018

what is the creative commons? what does it have to do with plagiarism?






latest resources




coaching conversations







published april 28, 2021

thoughtful insight and actionable suggestions on structured, coaching conversations for every type of writing need.






benchmark plagiarism tariff




        

                  
            
              
                                    by p tennant
                

              
            
          
            et al.
            
          

              
the results of a consultation exercise to develop a benchmark tariff for assigning penalties to cases of plagiarism.






academic misconduct benchmarking research project: part 1




        

                  
            
              
                                    by p tennant
                

              
            
          
            et al.
            
          

              
an analysis of the range and spread of sanctions against plagiarism among institutions.






academic misconduct benchmarking research project: part 2




        

                  
            
              
                                    by p tennant
                

              
            
          
            et al.
            
          

              
an examination of the type and number of penalties applied to cases of plagiarism in higher education institutions.






plagiarism reference tariff 




        

                  
            
              
                                    by p tennant
                

              
            
          
            et al.
            
          

              
a penalty tariff to offer guidance to institutions for assigning penalties in objective and transparent ways.






writing in an internet environment







published june 26, 2017

looking at how the expectations for academic writing might change as the world becomes more digital.






everything is a remix







published june 26, 2017

filmmaker kirby ferguson explores how remixing is a form of creativity and how it classes with current norms.






a fragile trust: plagiarism, power







published june 26, 2017

samantha grant discusses her film "a fragile trust" about the discgraced journalist jayson blair.






student online research and critical thinking:







published june 26, 2017

how to support students in their use of wikipedia.












blog
              


papers
                  


articles
                  


videos
                  


ask the experts
                  






for students
                  


for instructors
                  


for researchers
                  


for education leaders
                  




sponsored by





© 2017 turnitin, llc. all rights reserved.







