










































































clarke community school district | home





skip to content24-25 district calendar24-25 district calendar- spanishsearch siteclarke districthome of the indians24-25 district calendar24-25 district calendar- spanishsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerywelcome to clarke community schools!2024-2025 registration2024-2025 school supply listsend of gallerymission & vision24-25  registrationcareer opportunitiesfood serviceboard agenda,minutes &  policiesclarke storespotlightprevious spotlight itemby studying at clarke, i met some of my favorite people. not just my classmates and close friends, but also my teachers who are some of the most caring and involved people in the community. here at clarke, the best thing is that you learn what it means to demonstrate perseverance, compassion, and respect simply through the people who surround you.- genesis cowling ambriz, hs ambassadorclarke is an overall great school to be a part of. everyone is welcoming and always helps others. clarke provides the necessities that allows students to excel in school such as study table, translators, after school activities and more. - gio garcia, hs ambassadortwo reasons i think clarke is top tier is we have many opportunities with sports, clubs, and classes. we also have caring teachers that actually want you to succeed and want what’s best for you.- tommy courtney, hs ambassadornext spotlight itemfind usclarke district802 one tribe drosceola, ia 50213641-342-4969641-342-6101schoolsclarke districtclarke elementaryclarke middle schoolclarke high schoolclarke activitiesstay connectedit is the policy of the clarke community school district not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age (for employment), marital status (for programs), sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status (for programs) in its educational programs and its employment practices. clarke csd also does not discriminate in our cte programs such as business, agriculture, carpentry / construction, and family and consumer science. there is a grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination.  if you have questions or a grievance related to this policy please contact the equity coordinator,  joseph blazevich (high school principal), 800 n jackson st, osceola, ia 50213, (641) 342-6505, or joseph.blazevich@clarkecsd.org.to receive notifications, download the app using the links above.copyright © 2025 clarke district. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

