






dawnfarm |






















































(734) 485-8725
info@dawnfarm.org


faq
get help
pay online
donate
 












about

about dawn farm
board & staff
careers
latest news
annual reports


client programs

programs

residential treatment
detoxification
outpatient services
transitional housing
jail and community corrections
youth and family services


approach

admissions
gold standard of treatment
psychotropic medications




educational programs

education series


events

dawn farm jamboree
ride for recovery
calendar


get involved

stay up to date
internships
volunteer
item donation
donate


success stories

all success stories
dawn farm films


resources

articles
addiction & recovery blog
garden cooperative
guides


contact

contact us
barn rental


 





select page


  
 



 



 









long-term treatment for long-term recovery
we identify and remove barriers that prevent addicts and alcoholics from joining the recovering community.

client programs

get help









get help







get educated







get involved









why dawn farm

we know that any person can recover from addiction, especially when they have access to robust treatment and on-going recovery support. we provide a comprehensive array of services, spanning all levels of intensity of care. we work with each individual to create a treatment plan that includes as many services as necessary to achieve long-term recovery. our integrated model makes it easy to move seamlessly among programs, adjusting each individual treatment level of support, as needed.







the center of this diagram represents our core treatment programs. many clients participate in multiple services, staying engaged for anywhere from six months to two and a half years. this long-term approach to treatment is considered the gold standard of care.
outside of the rings, this diagram shows some of the other ways in which we remove barriers to recovery. from community education, to employment support, to peer support and case management—we provide as many wrap-around services as possible to help fill the gaps and meet your needs in early recovery.
the most important layer of this diagram is the outermost layer that represents our recovering community. the community is the most important source of healing in recovery. while you may be engaged in dawn farm services as a client for multiple years, members of the community continue to support one another in recovery for life. this is why we work so hard to help you connect with the recovering community from the first day you begin treatment at dawn farm.
addiction is a chronic disease, and recovery is not always linear. our continuum of care is designed to keep the door to recovery open to anyone, no matter where they are in their addiction.











by the numbers







clients served since 1999





%
of residential treatment clients recommend dawn farm






years in operation








latest news








abolish samhsa? on advocacy and criticism
february 17, 2025
i’ve seen this article shared several times recently. here’s the premise: the incoming trump administration wants to improve public safety, pus [...]
read more


dawn farm 14th annual ride for recovery is sunday, april 30th!
april 6, 2023

read more


our scholarship waitlist
september 26, 2022
when people inquire about a scholarship for long-term residential treatment, we follow this process: this referral method is designed to get people access to treatment as quickly as possible. we […]
read more








all news and events







get assistance nowif you're in need of immediate help contact us for assistance.
get help



 









client programs
residential treatmentdetoxificationoutpatient servicestransitional housingjail & community correctionsyouth and family services
 



approach
admissionsgold standard of treatmentpsychotropic medications

educational programs
dawn farm education series



resources
articles garden coop addiction & recovery blog guides

events
calendar barn rental



about
about dawn farmboard & staffcareerslatest newscontact



get involved
stay up to dateinternshipsvolunteeritem donationdonate





faq

get help

pay online







followfollowfollowfollow

©2025 dawn farm. all rights reserved.
privacy policy



 




 


 











