








            enterprise search | search appliances and engines | thunderstone | thunderstone software
    





































































skip to content



products for search 

how to buy


support 

contact us 

about us 
blog









+1 216-820-2200






navigation toggle















unlock the power of your existing data
for over 40 years, thunderstone has been delivering proven search engine software and search appliances to make search simpler for you and more powerful for your users.
view all products












an alternative to google search appliance
the end of google search appliance has left end users looking for a replacement. the thunderstone search appliance offers many features not found in the google search appliance, and at a lower price. see a side-by-side comparison of thunderstone and google search appliances for yourself.
let us help you replace google search appliance today











working with us










head start program


simplify the search solution process with our easy three-step program that quickly delivers successful search results.





                                        learn more
                                    











request a demo


request a demo for thunderstone search appliance and parametric search appliance today to see the benefits of our website search engines for yourself.





                                        request now
                                    











investment protection


all thunderstone search solutions come with a perpetual license software, the ability to easily scale and penalty-free upgrades.





                                        learn more
                                    













search solutions










enterprise and public search made easier


make enterprise and public search easier with search appliances that deliver flexibility, power and ease of use.





                                        learn more
                                    











a full featured, full text search engine software platform


the only search engine software available with the fully integrated structure of a sql relational database.





                                        explore texis
                                    











highly customizable web index and retrieval software


easily create and deploy a high quality search interface to collections of web documents—no matter where they reside.





                                        more about webinator
                                    














 
run on aws
preconfigured instance on aws gets you up and running quickly, with a 30-day free trial period for the software(infrastructure costs may apply)



 
download free
try the best website search engine software on the web on your own servers










 
support
our team of experts is there for you during implementation and for ongoing support once the solution is in production.


support section



 
 extras & add-ons
other useful scripts including meta search engine & parser, fast adhoc web log statistics report, directory tree and more.


extras











our customers love our search solutions,and we love helping them 








                                        "you guys are fantastic. i can't think of any vendor that's been as responsive and accommodating. i really appreciate it!"
                                    




gene quinn, 

                                web services manager state of georgia department of corrections
                            







                                        "we love it!!! we had your software up and running in 15 minutes. i am a huge fan already, keep up the good work."
                                    




bill wasserman, 

                                sr. programmer/analyst aorn (association of perioperative registered nurses)
                            







                                        "thanks so much for the prompt, helpful technical support. i've been doing this for 14 years and it is a rare thing to find (and getting rarer)."
                                    




nicholas eshelman, 

                                systems librarian eastern connecticut state university
                            






                        read more case studies
                    









case studies & white papers











january 9, 2013


texis overview
thunderstone's texis is the only search engine developed from the ground up as a fully integrated sql rdbms optimized for full-text search, and it's the only relational database that can store and search text documents of unlimited size within standard database tables.













january 9, 2013


texis' metamorph compound index
the metamorph and metamorph inverted indexes in texis are used to improve the performance of text searches using full-text queries with like, likep, and the rest of the like family. often the query involves other values, which are used to either sort the results, or further restrict the results returned.








view all










contact us

 
216-820-2200


web

 
support


















products for search

search appliance
texis
parametric search appliance
webinator
thunderstone cloud



how to buy

contact us
schedule a demo



support

webinator admin
quick reference
code examples
vortex manual
webinator manual
texis manual
webinator extras & add-ons



about us

contact us
our customers
channel partners
careers

thunderstone blog

+1 216-820-2200







privacy policy
copyright © 2025 thunderstone software llc. all rights reserved.



















