
u.s. army chemical mortar battalions
























distinguished service in world war ii and the korean war
                      
the 
      insignia is the regimental coat of arms of the chemical corps







this website is for and about four-deucers – the men who 
  served in the u. s. army's chemical mortar battalions in world war ii and the 
  korean war. it is dedicated to every one of them, but especially to those who 
  made the supreme sacrifice in defense of our beloved country. they have earned 
  the respect and tribute of all freedom-loving americans. 
browse through the menu below to read the history of the 4.2 inch mortar, review 
  when and where the many battalions served, find out about contact persons and 
  planned reunions, and more. 
we've done everything we can to provide accurate and up to date information, 
  but we're certainly not perfect and it's also obvious that we're missing a lot 
  of desirable information. we badly need your help in maintaining and improving 
  this website. we especially need missing information, corrections of errors, 
  and updated information on contacts and reunions. please send email to the 
  webmaster, rodney young, or postal 
  mail to him at 251 pine mdw, spring branch, tx 78070.


on behalf of all four-deucers, thank you very much for your help. 








freedom is not free



the charters of freedom



gettysburg address



 










    who 

denis edward o'brien

it is the soldier, not the reporter,
        who has given us the freedom of the press. 
        it is the soldier, not the poet,
          who has given us the freedom of speech. 
        it is the soldier, not the campus organizer,
          who has given us the freedom to demonstrate. 
        
it is the soldier
          who salutes the flag,
          who serves beneath the flag,
          and whose coffin is draped by the flag,
          who allows the protester to burn the flag.









main menu

the 32 chemical mortar battalions
the cmb archives - histories, articles and more
other military-related sites
acknowledgements & sources
the day room 



u.s. army chemical mortar battalions


 2nd chemical mortar bn, korean 
  war, wwii in europe, d-day landings in sicily, italy and southern france
3rd chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe, d-day landings 
  in sicily and southern france
71st chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific
72nd chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific (no campaigns)
80th chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific
81st chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe, d-day landing 
  in france
82nd chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific, d-day landing 
  in luzon, pi
83rd chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe, d-day landings 
  in sicily, italy and southern france
84th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe, d-day landing 
  in italy
85th chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific
86th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
87th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe, d-day landing 
  in france
88th chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific
89th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
90th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
91st chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
92nd chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
93rd chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
94th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
95th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
96th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
97th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
98th chemical mortar bn, wwii in pacific
99th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
100th chemical mortar bn, wwii in europe
seven late-formed battalions that did not serve overseas 
  in wwii

key to abbreviations used in the unit pages

bpe - boston port of embarkation
ccf - chinese communist forces
eto - european theater of operations
hrpe - hampton roads port of embarkation
lape - los angeles port of embarkation
nype - new york port of embarkation
spe - seattle port of embarkation
sfpe - san francisco port of embarkation
un - united nations



return to main menu at the top of the page


the cmb archives
we invite all four-deucers to submit items, short or long, that may be of 
  interest to other automatic artillerymen: articles, anecdotes, observations, 
  partial or complete histories, and so on. if it's appropriate, we'll be glad 
  to add it to this website. send all material to the webmaster (see bottom of 
  this page), preferably by e-mail, otherwise on disk or printed on paper. for 
  computer files, ascii standard text format is preferred; other acceptable file 
  formats are any version of microsoft word and possibly other 
  proprietary formats (contact the webmaster for more information). all items 
  are necessarily subject to editing for considerations of space and clarity.
general

4.2 mortar, the most complete operating 4.2 chemical mortar known. from his collection courtesy of brian domitrovich
fire direction in u.s. army chemical mortar battalions, an explanation by bruce elliott
history of the 4.2" chemical mortar, an official 
    army publication
infantry journal article about the 4.2" chemical mortar, by bg alden waitt

   mortar gunboats: amphibious employment of the 
    4.2" chemical mortar 
  mortar facts, miscellaneous notes about the 4.2" 
    chemical mortar
memorial monuments at edgewood and fort leonard 
    wood
operations of u.s. army chemical mortar battalions, an explanation by bruce elliott
photo gallery — see the new great link 
    to photos and info
shoulder patches

unit histories

2nd cmb and its successor unit, the 
    461st inf bn (heavy mortar): 
    
history of 2nd cml mortar bn in wwii, by bob 
        ladson 
      first shot in anger, 2nd cml mortar bn in 
        sicily, by walter j. eldredge 
      command reports of 2nd cml mortar bn in korean 
        war
history of 2nd cml mortar bn in korean war, 
        by csm richard l. slick 
      a soldier's diary, by carl h. hulsman, 2nd 
        cml mortar bn, korean war 
      command reports of 461st inf bn (heavy mortar)

81st cmb:

history of the 81st cml mortar bn
mortars in normandy, rowan, "mortars in normandy," chemical warfare bulletin (january-february, 1945). 
 video interview with sgt. wendel r. miller, jr. co. d, 81st chemical mortar bn.

82nd cmb:
    
 fire, smoke and steel, a history of the 82nd cml mortar bn, by jack butler 
      the jungle fighting battalion by jack butler
      an alcove in the heart, wwii letters of sidney diamond to estelle spero. the book, by estelle spero lynch, is available through the website either by purchase of the paperback or download in pdf format. 1st lt sidney diamond, platoon leader in co c, 82nd cmb, was kia on luzon.
      an album of photos by leon rubin, an officer in the battalion diurig its wii service. the link is furnished by, and created by, his son jon rubin.
    
83rd cmb: 
    
rounds away, a history of the 83rd cml mortar 
        bn, by robert brimm 
      mark freedom paid – a combat anthology, edited by lee steedle and illustrated by sam kweskin, is a collection of first-hand accounts from 30 veterans of the 83rd cml mortar battalion with many illustrations and sketches by the unit's artist. to read one of the accounts or purchase the book, click here.

84th cmb:
    
history of the 84th cml mortar bn, an unofficial history by veterans of the unit
combat history of the 84th chemical mortar battalion - (download 33 mb pdf version with photographs)
i remember anzio, memoirs of george (aravich) avery, co a, 84th cml mortar bn
    
85th cmb: history 
    of co d, 85th cml mortar bn, author unknown 

  86th cmb: 
    
history of the 86th cml mortar bn
mortars in normandy, rowan, "mortars in normandy," chemical warfare bulletin (january-february, 1945). 
private art, not a website 
        about visual art but by and about arthur pranger who served in co a of 
        the 86th. 
      co 
        c in the battle of the bulge by harold fischgrund, from the bulge 
        bugle

87th cmb: 
    
history of the 87th cml mortar bn
history of co a, 87th cml mortar bn, by robert l. greenleaf
the mortarmen, by michael connelly
mortars in normandy, rowan, "mortars in normandy," chemical warfare bulletin (january-february, 1945). 
 video interview with s/sgt. joseph w. kneiper. co. c, 87th chemical mortar bn.

88th cmb: travelogue 
    of the 88th cml mortar bn, by raymond b. whitaker 

  89th cmb: 
    
historical highlights of the 89th cml mortar bn
historical highlights of the 89th cml mortar bn - (download 26 mb pdf version with photographs)

90th cmb: 
    
history of the 90th cml mortar bn
war diary of e.v.h. bell, co of 90th cml mortar 
        bn

91st cmb: 
    
history of the 91st cml mortar bn
the mortars of high dawn, by ken goosman, 
        91st cml mortar bn 
    
92nd cmb: mortars in normandy, rowan, "mortars in normandy," chemical warfare bulletin (january-february, 1945). 


93rd cmb: history 
    of 93rd cml mortar bn, by joseph p. towell
94th cmb: memories of the 94th chemical mortar bn, by ed derinze, former hq company armorer, 94th chemical mortar battalion 

  95th cmb: rounds 
    away, a history of the 95th cml mortar bn 

  96th cmb: history 
    of 4th squad, 3rd platoon, co a, 96th cml mortar bn, by greg goorigian 

  97th cmb: history 
    of 97th cml mortar bn, by george t. (“ted”) wright 

  98th cmb:
    
history of 98th cml mortar bn, by bennett m. saunders.
      observations & reflections, by william p. adams, 98th cml mortar bn
      tale of five musketeers, by clare prendergast, 98th cml mortar bn
      a soldier's journal, by john a. olson, 98th cml mortar bn
    
99th cmb: our 
    part, a history of the 99th cml mortar bn

combat units supported by chemical mortar battalions


 1st cavalry division (cmb supporting: 
    2nd)
1st marine division (cmb supporting: 2nd)
2nd infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd, 81st & 86th)
3rd infantry division (cmb 
    supporting: 2nd, 3rd, 87th & 99th)
4th infantry division (cmb supporting: 87th, 91st & 99)
5th infantry division (cmb supporting: 81st, 90th & 91st)
7th infantry division (cmb supporting: 
    2nd)
8th infantry division (cmb supporting: 86th, 87th, 89th, & 95th)
9th infantry division (cmb supporting; 87th & 90th)
24th infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd)
26th infantry division (cmb supporting: 3rd, 81st, 91st & 97th)
28th infantry division (cmb supporting: 86th & 87th)
29th infantry division (cmb supporting: 3rd, 81st, 83rd, 86th, 89th & 92nd)
30th infantry division cmb supporting: 81st, 86th, 87th, 89th & 92nd)
35th infantry division cmb supporting: 3rd, 81st, 82nd, 86th, 89th & 91st)
36th infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd, 3rd, 83rd & 99th)
42nd infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd, 83rd, 99th)
44th infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd, 83rd & 96th)
45th infantry division (cmb supporting: 2nd, 3rd, 7th & 83rd)
63rd infantry division (cmb supporting: 83rd & 99th)
65th infantry division (cmb supporting: 81st, 93rd & 94th)
69th infantry division (cmb supporting: 86th)
70th infantry division (cmb supporting: 83rd & 99th)
71st infantry division (cmb supporting: 81st, 91st & 97th)
75th infantry division (cmb supporting: 86th, 87th & 89th)
76th infantry division (cmb supporting: 81st, 91st & 93rd)
78th infantry division (cmb supporting: 86th, 90th, 92nd & 95th)
79th infantry division (cmb supporting: 89th)
80th infantry division (cmb supporting: 81st, 91st & 94th)
90th infantry division (cmb supporting: 
    3rd, 81st, 86th, 91st & 97th)
100th infantry division (cmbs supporting: 
    2nd, 83rd, 99th)
27th british commonwealth brigade (korean war) (cmb supporting: 2nd)

published articles, books and other items

a commander's reflections, by benjamin moore, 
    co, 2nd cml mortar bn in korea
 an alcove in the heart, 
    wwii letters of sidney diamond to estelle spero. the book, by estelle spero 
    lynch, is available through the website either by purchase of the paperback 
    or download in pdf format. 1st lt sidney diamond, platoon leader in co c, 
  82nd cmb, was kia on luzon.
  finding my father's war: 
    a baby boomer and the 2nd chemical mortar battalion in world war ii. the book, 
    by walter j. eldredge, is available for purchase through the website in paperback. 
      walter's father served in co d of the 2nd cmb. 
gettysburg: the big question, by benjamin moore, 
    recognized authority on u.s. civil war
 gunners help turn the tide at kap'yong,(korea) by new 
    zealand historian ian mcgibbon 
mark freedom paid – a combat anthology, edited by lee steedle and illustrated by sam kweskin, is a collection of first-hand accounts from 30 veterans of the 83rd cml mortar battalion with many illustrations and sketches by the unit's artist. to read one of the accounts or purchase the book, click here.
mortars in normandy, rowan, "mortars in normandy," chemical warfare bulletin (january-february, 1945). 
muzzleblasts, newsletter of the 83rd     
 sergeant major, by robert b. begg 
sometimes it was rather cool, by carl hulsman, 
    2nd cml mortar bn, korean war 
 well, you asked! (mortar shell dynamics in 
    flight), by walter j. eldredge cml mortar bn veterans association 
 it's possible that some of the books mentioned above may be difficult to find. 
  if you have trouble locating a particular book, try communicating with the individual battalion's 
  contact person or try searching through amazon.com, or google, or yahoo, etc. 

personal comment and stories

a tribute to those of us who gave their all from the men of the 91st cml mortar bn 
  buck iles reminisces about the 88th cml 
    mortar bn in the pacific 
  my army service in world war ii, by craft harrison, 2nd cml 
    mortar bn 
  the jungle fighting battalion, by jack butler, 82nd cml 
    mortar bn
 

return to main menu at the top of the page

other military-related sites
below are links to various military web sites and other sites that may be of interest 
to army veterans. if you know of any that are not listed but may be good additions, 
please send e-mail to the webmaster, 
rodney young, or postal mail to him at 251 pine mdw, spring branch, tx 78070. 
united states military

department of defense
joint chiefs of staff
u. s. army
u. s. navy
u. s. air force
u. s. coast guard
u. s. marine corps
the national guard
manpower & reserve affairs
defense pow/mia accounting agency

military elements and services

u.s. army – professional careers
defense technical information center
the institute of heraldry, the guardians of our national symbolic heritage
u.s. army center of military history
u.s. army chemical, biological, radiological, & nuclear school
u.s. army chemical 
  corps museum
u.s. army war college at carlisle barracks

u.s. military academy, west point
u.s. naval academy, annapolis
u.s. air force academy, colorado springs

federal government

the white house
u.s. supreme court
u.s. senate
u.s. house of representatives
legislative information, a service of the library of congress

government agencies and services

american battle monuments commission
usagov - general services administration
department of veterans affairs
government publishing office
library of congress
military 
  personnel records at national personnel records center, nara, st. louis
national archives & records administration
veterans gravesite locator 
military-related miscellaneous

army & air force mutual aid association
army times newspaper online
association of the u. s. army
chemical corps regimental association
darby's rangers, 1st & 3rd rangers 
  in italy (supported by 83rd cmb)
d-day.org - the national d-day memorial in bedford, va
history net - from the world's largest publisher of history magazines
kilroy was here - who was he? wwii 
  & korean war secrets
korean war project, a non-profit site 
  by hal & ted barker
korean war veterans association
military brat life
military.com
military officers association of america, 
  formerly troa
national world war ii museum in new orleans, la
north atlantic treaty organization
shoulder patches of wwii, 
  by howard lanham
soldiers magazine, 
  an official army magazine
vietnam veterans

return to main menu at the top of the page


acknowledgements and sources
we gratefully acknowledge the valuable help of these veterans, relatives and friends: 
2nd cml mortar bn: bruce elliott, bob moyer, walt eldredge 
3rd cml mortar bn: quent unger
81st cml mortar bn: rodney young
82nd cml mortar bn: jack butler 
84th cml mortar bn: george (aravich) avery 
86th cml mortar bn: george murray, gregory brown
87th cml mortar bn: keith ostrum, john sears, julian & glenn brunt 
90th cml mortar bn: marty & perry dominy 
93rd cml mortar bn: joe towell 
95th cml mortar bn: alven nixson 
98th cml mortar bn: jim adams
shoulder patch images: david kaufman and howard lanham
military usa, a commercial website. 
    
world war ii order of battle, by shelby l. stanton, 1984, galahad 
    books (division of ldap, inc), ny; chapter 15, pages 274-275; and appendix 
    i, page 596. this thoroughly researched book is an excellent source of basic 
    facts about chemical mortar battalions. 
  
return to main menu at the top of the page


note: this is not an official website of the u.s. army. it is a private 
    site, created in december 1998 and maintained by bruce elliott, the site's 
    webmaster until his well-deserved retirement as webmaster emeritus and his passing of the torch to me in november 2014. as the son of a 2 war four-duecer, i'm proud to continue the legacy mr. elliott and my father, along with their brothers earned and deserve. as always, your comments are invited. please send e-mail to the 
  webmaster, rodney young, or postal 
  mail to me at 251 pine mdw, spring branch, tx 78070.
in tribute to the creator and maintainer of www.4point2.org for so many years i recognize mr. bruce elliott, creator and webmaster emeritus of www.4point2.org.

in his own words, bruce elliott: "i'm an army brat. in wwii, i served with two chemical mortar battalions: the 87th cmb in training and then the 97th cmb in training and in combat in europe. before and during the first year of the korean war, i served with the 2nd cmb, the only such unit in korea and the last one in the u.s. army. after 23 years active duty in the regular army, i  retired in 1965, taught at new england college for 20 years, and then retired again to the good life. one of my favorite passions now is the maintenance and improvement of this website for all chemical mortar battalions and the good men that served in them."

