








moneytec - online forex traders & brokers social networking community













































 














home
forums
login
register
contact
 












 





welcome to moneytec !
online forex traders & brokers social networking community
start here





 
fxguru






 
shanewrights






 
imbustednoob






 
dr.infinite






 
profitmaniak






 
alex






 
don juan






 
miki123






 
varapau






 
remphan






 
george






 
peter parker






 
mccoy






 
octafx_farid






 
coleen






 
zuko






 
isk






 
viceboy









 



            members        
        58    



 



            good tips        
        221    



 



            bad tips        
        16    
forums



						beginners forum					



						general trading forum					



						trading zone					



						fundamental analysis					



						technical analysis					



						trading strategies					



						binary options					



						binary options strategies					



						commodities and stocks					



						tools of the trade					



						brokers					



						cryptocurrency					



						buy, sell or trade ( members to members )					



						due diligence forum					



						unsponsored advertisements					



						moneytec community					








what kind of freelance jobs are available for work at home moms


 jan 24, 2019 














how to find a legit work at home job in 2018


 apr 1, 2018 














did you know you can sell bitcoin for cash?


 feb 6, 2018 














do you want to invest in gold using bitcoins?


 feb 6, 2018 














things you need to know about bitcoin before start trading


 nov 26, 2017 














trading bitcoin for dummies


 nov 5, 2017 














how to trade ethereum (for dummies)


 oct 13, 2016 




recent topics


pye holders – receives reflections on all devteamsix projects


minidoge listing at bitmart on 23rd july


bnb trading competition — struggle for $10 000 in bsw share!


social trading at its best on reputable brokers


binemon – “play to earn,” integrating gaming and blockchain for the future


[scam alert] thisoption exchange has a sign of scam with an unauthorized license


why is the cryptocurrency market growing?


crypto pote token (pope) arrives on probit in style!


how exip leverages blockchain to decentralize the internet


dogerun – a project designed to help people reach mars




sitewide activity




all members 56






— show everything —
new members
profile updates
updates
friendships
new groups
group memberships
group updates
topics
replies
posts
comments
topics
replies





 








fxguru started the topic pye holders – receives reflections on all devteamsix projects in the forum trading strategies 3 years, 7 months ago


devteamsix has been around for over 15 years. the team has touched millions of people’s lives, donating and giving back. the team is powered by the ideology that we all work as a community for the greater good. pye currency was built to decentralize technology available to the world while making an equal impact on humanity at the same time. c…[read more]











fxguru started the topic minidoge listing at bitmart on 23rd july in the forum trading strategies 3 years, 7 months ago



 
minidoge is on a mission to reach the top in the cryptocurrency world. july 23rd at 10 am est, it will be available to trade on bitmart, one of the top ten cex exchanges in the world. with over $850 million traded in the last 24 hours, it will provide more exposure and volume for minidoge. the platform operates in 180 countries and across 123…[read more]











fxguru started the topic bnb trading competition — struggle for $10 000 in bsw share! in the forum trading strategies 3 years, 7 months ago


it’s time for big victories — $10 000 in bsw are waiting for their mighty winners!
grand bnb trading competition on biswap has been launched to find the best traders! arm yourself with potent bnb tokens and conquer the defi space!
total prize pool: $10 000 in bsw
start: 16.07.2021 (13:00 utc pm)
end: 23.07.2021 (13:00 utc pm)
eligi…[read more]











fxguru started the topic social trading at its best on reputable brokers in the forum trading zone 3 years, 7 months ago


social trading works by creating quick access to financial markets, enabling beginner and experienced traders alike to share strategies and copy each other’s trades. you can either use a comprehensive social trading platform, or adopt individual elements of the practice. you can take a look at https://fx-list.com/ecn-forex-brokers for some of the…[read more]











fxguru started the topic binemon – “play to earn,” integrating gaming and blockchain for the future in the forum general trading forum 3 years, 7 months ago



q1/2021 witnessed a strong rise of the crypto market, the keyword “non-fungible token” (nft) emerged as a missing piece to complete the applicability of blockchain to digital products. axie infinity, and my defi pet are examples of the pioneering projects for the rising trend of the nft-game mix.
“play to earn” – the phase that created the men…[read more]




load more







start forex trading with moneytec and earn money online! do you know that by forex trading you can earn descent money online? in fact, many people are turning to forex trade by which they making lucrative income. it is considered as one of the most effective ways to earn money online. okay, if you are not familiar with the concept of forex trading, let me a take a simple effort to make you understand what it is.
forex trading – what is it ?
forex trading is the purchasing and selling of currencies of different countries. traders exchange these currencies with what they have purchased. they exchange currencies with the hope of getting better price with the new ones that they have exchanged. the motto of trading is to exchange the purchased currencies for other ones with the hope that the value of the newly purchased currencies will increase.
who can do well in forex trading ?
if you have never before in this trading, it is advisable that prior starting forex trading you should know the strategies and tips and tricks of it. in fact, you need to gain good knowledge about forex trading. so, search for good sources that will give you in-depth knowledge about this trading and forex market. once you gain experience i forex market, you can find your income level rising.
it is really a fun to make money online by forex trading or currency trading. but you should also remember that it is equally risky to invest money in this trading if you are not aware of the market picture. so, first get enough knowledge about the forex market and then begin your forex trading online.
sign up in a forex company to get an idea of forex trading
it is advisable that you can join any forex company such as ‘etoro’. you need to set up a fake or demo account there. this will allow you to trade, buy, and sell with fake currencies. so, you are getting a chance to know about the forex trading in a better way and this will help you to do real forex trading.











facebook-f


go to top

 























