





home | alexander macnab & co.





home | alexander macnab & co.












































































get in touch / 800.708.2060

   working together we can make a difference 





menu >
home
get started
background
solutions
seminars
recent seminars
selected clients
contact us










working together for 20 years








personalized, practical, and creative solutions for your foundation and development needs
we’re glad you’ve stopped by. please take your time and explore this site. we’re certain that if you have a development need, we can assist you in its solution. please don’t hesitate to call us at (800) 708-2060 with any questions you may have. or you may send us an email at sandy@alexandermacnab.com.
giving strong reaching $557.16 billion in 2023 charitable giving, up 1.9% , a high in current dollars, but declined 2.1% when adjusted for inflation.
generous americans continued to support charitable causes with individual gifts, bequests, foundation grants, and corporate giving during a year that saw a strong stock market and gdp.
“americans increased their giving over the previous year despite the elevated cost of living and headlines warning of a possible recession in 2023,” said josh birkholz chair of giving usa foundation and ceo of bwf. “ we’re not yet back to the highs of pandemic-era giving, but there are some signs of stability,” he added.
but the important take-away for most of us is that giving by individuals, their bequests, and their family foundations amounted to an overwhelming 84.2% of the 2023 giving.
gifts from all four sources of giving (individuals, foundations, bequests, and corporations grew in current dollars, but remained flat or declined when adjusted for inflation. corporate giving rose significantly buoyed by a strong gdp and stock market, and foundation giving rose as well.
the strong market likely encouraged very large gifts from some of the wealthiest americans, reaching a total of $8.07 billion in 2023, about 2% of individual giving. many of more modest means made directed payment distributions directly from their ira accounts to help charities while avoiding income that would otherwise have been taxable to themselves.


giving usa 2024: the annual report on philanthropy for the year 2023, is a publication of the giving usa foundation, 2024, researched and written by the indiana university lilly family school of philanthropy.
graphics are shown at the right.
for your own copy of the another perspective bar chart as a fully animated powerpoint slide and/or to receive the giving usa/lilly family school of philanthropy press release with its useful highlights that will make you an instant expert, click the links below. for a free giving usa 2024 highlights report go to www.givingusa.org to download it or to order a copy of the full report.
if you prefer either the bar chart or the press release (or both) directly, email me at sandy@alexandermacnab.com and ask me to send them to you as an attachment.
giving usa/lilly family school of philanthropy press release
giving usa another perspective 2023 chart 
you may download them by right-clicking and selecting “save link as…”. 



sandy is one of the 25 expert authors who contributed to this essential book for nonprofit consultants.“the beauty of this book lies in the honesty of its 25 contributors. they write openly about the decisions that guided their business models, their early mistakes, and their lessons learned. even those in this business for decades have commented that their copies of the playbook are strewn with highlights and bookmarks.” click here to learn more.



helpful thoughts

always put a volunteer between yourself and a problem.
possessing facts does not make us better,
just different. 
knowledge is a right not a privilege.
if something is worth doing, it is worth doing
with local support and initiative.
share the essence of your message
with everyone everyday. 
ours is not a speaking part.
he who deliberates fully before taking
a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
 
we have found the following helpful thoughts to have special meaning in our lives. 








capital gift campaign simulator
think you’re ready to launch your capital gift campaign? take a tour through our simulator and see just how prepared you are. guaranteed to make you think! click here to start now.




















alexander macnab & co.900 n. franklin street, suite 604chicago, illinois 60610 sandy@alexandermacnab.com(800) 708-2060













 



