
































official internet home of the midsouth racing scene












































			central mississippi speedway		

			clayhill motorsports park		

			columbus speedway		

			malden speedway		

			milan speedway		

			moulton speedway		

			north alabama speedway		

			riverside speedway		

			volunteer speedway		

			whynot motorsports park		

			st. francois county speedway		 




			64 speedway		

			central mississippi speedway		

			clayhill motorsports park		

			columbus speedway		

			i-30 speedway		

			jackson motor speedway		

			malden speedway		

			milan speedway		

			moulton speedway		

			north alabama speedway		

			north mississippi speedway		

			riverside speedway		

			st. francois county speedway		

			volunteer speedway		

			whynot motorsports park		 






















february 15, 2025 - the news section has been updated with friday's dirtcar nationals super late model results from volusia speedway park and uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
february 13, 2025 - the news section has been updated with thursday's dirtcar nationals super late model results from volusia speedway park plus a southern all star preview of the upcoming buckshot speedway event.
february 13, 2025 - the news section has been updated with wednesday's dirtcar nationals super late model results from volusia speedway park.
february 12, 2025 - the news section has been updated with tuesday's dirtcar nationals super late model results from volusia speedway park.
february 11, 2025 - the news section has been updated with dirtcar nationals super late model results from volusia speedway park.
february 9, 2025 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from volusia speedway park, uscs sprint car results from hendry county speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ocala speedway.
february 8, 2025 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from volusia speedway park, uscs sprint car results from hendry county speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ocala speedway.
february 6, 2025 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from volusia speedway park and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ocala speedway.
february 1, 2025 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results from volusia speedway park
january 31, 2025 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results from volusia speedway park and lucas oil late model dirt series results from all-tech raceway.
january 18, 2025 - the news section has been updated with the 2025 comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule.
january 15, 2025 - the news section has been updated with the american sprint car series 2025 schedule.
december 18, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series banquet preview and an ascs sprint car release.
november 18, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from trent ivey, dillon mccowan & ricky thornton jr.
november 10, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car series and world of outlaws case late model series results from the final two rounds of the world finals.
november 8, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car series and world of outlaws case late model series results from the opening round of the world finals.
october 28, 2024 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results from rpm speedway.
october 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results from rpm speedway and world of outlaws nos sprint car results from riverside international speedway.
october 21, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., jon mitchell & tim mccreadie.
october 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from super bee speedway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from dirt oval speedway, lucas oil late model series results from eldora speedway, and  ascs sprint car results from riverside international speedway.
october 19, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from texarkana 67 speedway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from dirt oval speedway, lucas oil late model series results from eldora speedway, and  ascs sprint car results from riverside international speedway.
october 13, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from the final night of the cotton pickin, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from lincoln speedway, lucas oil late model series results from brownstown speedway, a comp cams super dirt series championship weekend preview, and  ascs sprint car results from paducah international raceway.
october 12, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from the opening night of the cotton pickin, uscs flip/flop results from riverside international speedway, lucas oil late model series results from brownstown speedway, and  ascs sprint car results from benton speedway.
october 7, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, brian brown, brian shirley, jordon mallett, donny schatz & tyler erb plus world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from williams grove speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from the pittsburgher.
september 30, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, tom berry jr. & brian shirley.
september 28, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from boothill speedway.
september 23, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from gregg satterlee & tim mccreadie. 
september 22, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from tulare thunderbowl.
september 21, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from tulare thunderbowl and comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway.
september 17, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, brian shirley, devyn peterson & garrett alberson plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview of the steve rushin memorial.
september 15, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from arrowhead speedway, american sprint car series results from arrowhead speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results.
september 11, 2024 - the news section has been updated with american sprint car series results from clay county fair speedway.
september 7, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from stockton.
september 2, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway.
september 1, 2024 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car weekend results, uscs sprint car results from buckshot speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from huset's speedway.
august 27, 2024 - the news section has been updated with an update regarding the steve rushin memorial.
august 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jordan koehler, garrett alberson, daniel adam, ryan timms & tim mccreadie plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview.
august 25, 2024 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from red river valley speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway,  and ascs sprint car results from big sky speedway.
august 24, 2024 - the news section has been updated with   world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from river cities speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway, uscs sprint car results from carolina speedway, lucas oil mlra results from lakeside speedway, and ascs sprint car results from big sky speedway.
august 19, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tim mccreadie, brian shirley & ricky thornton jr. plus  world of outlaws late model results from maquoketa speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson motorplex, lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, and ascs sprint car weekend results.
august 12, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, brian brown, chase randall, chase junghans, logan martin & gregg satterlee.
august 11, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from springfield raceway, results from the  knoxville nationals finale, and uscs sprint car results from senoia raceway.
august 10, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from outlaw motor speedway and results from the third night of the knoxville nationals.
august 9, 2024 - the news section has been updated with results from the second night of the knoxville nationals.
august 8, 2024 - the news section has been updated with results from the opening round of the knoxville nationals.
august 5, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, sam seawright & ross robinson plus results from the american sprint car series 360 nationals at knoxville raceway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint cars iron-man 55 weekend at federated auto parts raceway at i-55, the uscs sprint car weekend at hattiesburg speedway, a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, and the world of outlaws case late model series weekend at cedar lake speedway.
august 2, 2024 - the news section has been updated with results from the opening night of the american sprint car series 360 nationals at knoxville raceway.
july 29, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car weekend results and world of outlaws late model weekend results.
july 25, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model rainout announcement for texarkana 67 speedway.
july 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, ascs sprint car results from 81 speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with xtreme outlaw midget results from spoon river speedway, ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 15, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, dale mcdowell, ashton winger, ricky weiss, shane clanton, ryan timms & tyler erb.
july 14, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car weekend results, world of outlaws late model weekend results, and uscs sprint car weekend results.
july 9, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, drake troutman, nick hoffman, bryan bernheisel, carson ferguson, gregg satterlee, austin theiss  & tyler erb
july 7, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from deer creek speedway and powri sprint car results from lake ozark speedway.
july 1, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett alberson, tyler erb, dale mcdowell, nick hoffman, howard moore & brian shirley & howard moore plus  world of outlaws late model weekend results, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, and american sprint car series results from tulsa speedway.
june 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model results from hamilton county speedway.
june 25, 2024 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model results from independence motor speedway.
june 24, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., tyler erb, brandon sheppard, howard moore, nick hoffman &  tim mccreadie plus world of outlaws late model results from brownstown speedway, ascs sprint car results from batesville motor speedway, and uscs sprint car results from east alabama motor speedway.
june 22, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from ponderosa speedway and uscs sprint car results from buckshot speedway.
june 21, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from thunderhill raceway park.
june 17, 2024 - the news section has been updated with from donny schatz, tim mccreadie, tyler erb, brandon overton, ricky thornton jr., spencer hughes, jordon mallett & chase randall.
june 16, 2024 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car speedweek results, world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway, uscs sprint car weekend results, and comp cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway.
june 14, 2024 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway.
june 12, 2024 - the news section has been updated with results from the 2024 ascs speedweek opener at texarkana 67 speedway.
june 10, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tim mccreadie plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of magnolia motor speedway.
june 9, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from ogilvie raceway.
june 2, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from beaver dam raceway and weekend american sprint car series weekend results.
may 31, 2024 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from talladega short track and xtreme midget results from doe run raceway.
may 29, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend postponement release.
may 28, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, ricky thornton jr. & will roland plus world of outlaws sprint car results from fremont raceway and uscs sprint car results from pine ridge speedway.
may 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, xtreme midget results from atomic speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from atomic speedway.
may 25, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results. schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from north georgia speedway, usmts weekend results, and xtreme midget results from atomic speedway.
may 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results.
may 17, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from raceway 7.
may 12, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from the final night of the bad boy 98. 
may 11, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from the opening night of the bad boy 98 and american sprint car series results from red dirt raceway.
may 6, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from sam seawright, nick hoffman, donny schatz, tyler erb & garrett alberson plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of batesville motor speedway's bad boy 98.
may 5, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from eldora speedway and world of outlaws case late model series results from mississippi thunder speedway.
may 3, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series rainout announcement of riverside international speedway.
may 2, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from jacksonville speedway.
april 29, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series preview of riverside international speedway.
april 23, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from gregg satterlee & ricky weiss.
april 22, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car weekend results, usmts modified weekend results, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track, world of outlaws late model results from talladega short track schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from lake cumberland speedway, and ascs sprint car results from southern oklahoma speedway.
april 15, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, joseph joiner, donny schatz, ross robinson, carson ferguson, ricky weiss, david gravel, & tim mccreadie.
april 14, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, xtreme midget series results from farmer city raceway, and world of outlaws late model results from farmer city raceway.
april 8, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mike marlar, ashton winger, tyler stevens, derek hagar, david gravel & morgan bagley.
april 7, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from arrowhead speedway, xtreme midget results from sweet springs motorsports complex, uscs sprint car results from cherokee speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from old no. 1 speedway.
april 6, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from u.s. 36 raceway, xtreme midget results from u.s. 36 raceway, uscs sprint car results from carolina speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from poplar bluff motorsports park, and usmts results from the king of america xiii round #2 at humboldt speedway.
april 5, 2024 - the news section has been updated with usmts results from the king of america xiii opener at humboldt speedway.
april 2, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian brown, ricky thornton jr., drake troutman & brandon overton.
april 1, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mckay wenger, hunt the front, ashton winger, dale mcdowell, spencer hughes, and ross robinson plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview.
march 31, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from 81 speedway.
march 25, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie & donny schatz plus uscs sprint car results from clayhill motorsports, world of outlaws sprint car results from kennedale and lucas oil late model dirt series weekend results.
march 19, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett smith, logan martin & rodney sanders.
march 18, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie, ricky thornton jr. & donny schatz
march 17, 2024 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from springfield raceway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from texas, uscs sprint car results from tennessee national raceway, and xtreme midget results from duquoin.
march 15, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model results from arrowhead speedway.
march 11, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
march 10, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway.
march 6, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series broadcast announcement.
march 5, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer hughes & donny schatz plus world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
march 4, 2024 - the news section has been updated with a preview of the 2024 comp cams super dirt series super late model opener, usmts weekend modified results, and schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from needmore speedway.
february 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal & mike marlar plus uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, usmts modified results from hunt county speedway,  and high limit sprint car series results from golden isles speedway.
february 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, mike marlar, brandon sheppard, aaron reutzel, nick hoffman & cory eliason.
february 17, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from volusia speedway park.
february 16, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from volusia speedway park.
february 15, 2024 - the news section has been updated with details on the restructured castrol floracing night in america purse for senoia's peach state classic.
february 11, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 10, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 9, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 8, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 5, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, ricky thornton jr., and brandon overton
january 29, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dylan thornton, ricky thornton jr., and hudson o'neal.
january 28, 2024 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
january 26, 2024 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
january 24, 2024 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, pierce mccarter, mack mccarter, matt henderson & cameron weaver plus world of outlaws case late model series results from volusia speedway park.
january 20, 2024 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from volusia speedway park.
december 27, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the 2024 castrol floracing night in america schedule.
december 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, nick hoffman, ricky thornton jr., and drake troutman.
december 10, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a release announcing the return of riverside international speedway's world short track challenge, the 2023 schaeffer's oil spring and southern nationals schedule, and the 2023 american sprint car series slate.
december 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the 2024 world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car series schedule.
november 29, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mar motorsports, jensen ford, and michael king jr.
november 20, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hunt the front, tyler stevens, nick hoffman & tom berry jr. plus the 2024 xtreme midget series schedule.
november 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the 2024 world of outlaws late model series schedule.    
november 6, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, donny schatz, ricky thornton jr., hudson o'neal, mike marlar & cory eliason.
november 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series and world of outlaws nos energy drink car results from the opening round of the world finals.
november 3, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series and world of outlaws nos energy drink car results from the opening round of the world finals.
november 2, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a castrol floracing night in america preview of the season finale weekend at senoia.
october 31, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jordon mallett, david gravel & mike marlar.
october 25, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, brandon sheppard, tyler stevens, billy moyer jr., logan zarin, dillon mccowan, cade dillard, mike marlar, & billy moyer jr. plus a comp cams short track nationals preview.
october 22, 2023 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from super bee speedway, uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway.
october 21, 2023 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from super bee speedway, uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway.
october 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams short track nationals preview.
october 16, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, rodney sanders, drake troutman & ashton winger plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of super bee speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from lakeside speedway, ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and usmts modified results from arrowhead speedway.
october 14, 2023 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from the opening night of the flip/flop 50.
october 9, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, brian brown, ashton winger, cory hedgecock, spencer bayston, josh putnam, carson ferguson,  & tanner mullens plus world of outlaws sprint car results from port royal speedway, an uscs sprint car preview of riverside international speedway, world of outlaws late model results from brownstown speedway & fairbury speedway, and a comp cams short track nationals reschedule announcement.
october 6, 2023 - the news section has been updated with tezos all-star sprint car results from the tuscarora 50.
october 4, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams short track nationals reschedule announcement.
october 2, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., cory hedgecock, mike marlar, brian brown, hudson o'neal, donnie schatz & spencer bayston.
october 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway.
september 30, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway and a short track nationals preview.
september 25, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., rodney sanders, billy moyer jr., ashton winger, mike marlar, spencer bayston & hudson o'neal plus comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend results, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car weekend results, tezos all-star sprint car results, a short track nationals preview for texarkana 67 speedway, and more.
september 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ryan timms, ricky thornton jr. & hudson o'neal.
september 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian brown, donny schatz, & spencer bayston plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, a coors light fall classic announcement, 
september 15, 2023 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from placerville speedway and tezos all-star sprint car results from fremont speedway..
september 15, 2023 - the news section has been updated with ascs sprint car results, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from kings speedway, and tezos all-star sprint car results from fremont speedway..
september 11, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, brian shirley & cade dillard.
september 9, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from silver dollar speedway and tezos all-star sprint car results from silver dollar speedway.
september 8, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from silver dollar speedway.
september 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, ricky thornton jr., tyler stevens, brandon sheppard & more plus world of outlaws sprint car results from gray's harbor speedway.
september 4, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway & east alabama motor speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from deer creek speedway, and a comp cams super dirt series preview of the upcomign weekend.
september 2, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from super bee speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, world of outlaws late model series results from mississippi thunder speedway, lucas oil midwest late model racing association results from lucas oil speedway, and ascs sprint car results from arrowhead speedway.
september 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway.
august 28, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, ricky thornton jr. & hudson o'neal plus world of outlaws sprint car results from red river valley speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from salina highbanks speedway, world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway, and ascs sprint car results from salina highbanks speedway.
august 26, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from river cities speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway, and uscs sprint car results from clayhill motorsports.
august 21, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, tyler millwood, cory hedgecock, dale mcdowell, gregg satterlee, derek hagar, tanner mullens & mack mccarter plus tezos all-star sprint car results from selinsgrove speedway.
august 20, 2023 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from jackson motorplex, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, and comp cams super dirt series results from batesville motor speedway.
august 19, 2023 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from mason city motor speedway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from jackson motorplex, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, and comp cams super dirt series results from batesville motor speedway.
august 14, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, gregg satterlee, brian brown, chase randall, donny schatz & spencer bayston plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of the comp cams topless 100.
august 13, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from friday and saturday at the knoxville nationals.
august 11, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from wednesday and thursday at the knoxville nationals.
august 7, 2023 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, world of outlaws case late model series results from cedar lake speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
august 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with  comp cams super dirt series super late model results from arrowhead speedway, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, world of outlaws case late model series results from cedar lake speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
august 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
july 31, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from chase randall, dale mcdowell, brian brown, david gravel, donny schatz, jordan koehler, jimmy owens, spencer bayston, jordon mallett, ricky thornton jr., rodney sanders & tezo's all-star sprint car results from knoxville raceway, world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from weedsport speedway, a comp cams super dirt series super late model announcement regarding the batesville motor speedway reschedule, and world of outlaws case late model  results from the prairie dirt classic.
july 29, 2023 - the news section has been updated with tezo's all-star sprint car results from i-70 motorsports park, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from poplar bluff motorsports park, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results, and world of outlaws case late model prelim results from the prairie dirt classic.
july 24, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, brandon sheppard, nick hoffman, chase randall, brian brown, spencer bayston, donny schatz, derek hagar, jordon mallett, ashton winger & derek ramirez plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from williams grove speedway, usmts modified weekend results, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from 81 speedway, all-star sprint car weekend results, xtreme midget weekend results, schaeffer's oil spring nationals results, and more.
july 21, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from baps motor speedway
july 17, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, donny schatz, hudson o'neal, jimmy owens, jordan koehler, chase randall, brian brown, ashton winger  & more plus southern nationals late model series weekend results, usmts modified results from ogilvie raceway, world of outlaws late model results from ponderosa speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway
july 10, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, donny schatz, hudson o'neal, drake troutman, brian shirley, ashton winger  & more.
july 9, 2023 - the news section has been updated with tezo's all-star sprint car results from sharon speedway, ascs sprint car weekend results, and world of outlaws nos energy sprint car results from wilmot raceway.
july 8, 2023 - the news section has been updated with tezo's all-star sprint car results from ransomville speedway.
july 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, drake troutman, david gravel, jack dover & jimmy owens.
july 4, 2023 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
july 3, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, spencer bayston, mike marlar, ricky thornton jr., hudson o'neal & ashton winger plus world of outlaws late model series results from river cities speedway & i-94 speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from muskingum county raceway, ascs sprint car weekend results, and world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway..
june 30, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from red river valley speedway.
june 28, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from mason city motor speedway.
june 27, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr., hudson o'neal, kent robinson, ricky thornton jr., cory hedgecock, derek hagar, stormy scott, dominic scelzi, david gravel & trey mills.
june 26, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, brian brown, joey amantea, kaleb johnson, jordon mallett, & spencer bayston plus world of outlaws late model series results from off-road speedway.
june 25, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from husets speedway, world of outlaws late model results from 81 speedway, uscs sprint car results from thunderhill raceway park, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from caney valley speedway.
june 24, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from husets speedway, world of outlaws late model results from 81 speedway, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lawton speedway.
june 22, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from husets speedway.
june 19, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, donny schatz, hudson o'neal, gregg satterlee, austin theiss, brian brown, ricky thornton jr. & chase randall plus all-star sprint car ohio speedweek results from eldora speedway & portsmouth raceway park, lucas oil late model dirt series results from smoky mountain speedway, powri sprint car results from i-70 speedway & lake ozark speedway, usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway, and ascs sprint car results from humboldt speedway & 81 speedway.
june 16, 2023 - the news section has been updated with all-star sprint car ohio speedweek results from atomic speedway, usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway, and ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway.
june 14, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend postponement announcement.
june 12, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, drake troutman, derek hagar, jordon mallett, donny schatz, gregg satterlee & brian brown plus world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from knoxville raceway, dirt late model dream results from eldora speedway, and uscs sprint car results from east alabama motor speedway.
june 10, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from knoxville raceway, tezo's all-star sprint car results from attica raceway park, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from arrowhead speedway, and uscs sprint car results from buckshot speedway.
june 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, ricky thornton jr., brian shirley, spencer bayston, ryan timms, rodney sanders, hudson o'neal, ian madsen, cody bauer, wil herrington  & drake troutman.
june 4, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series weekend results, uscs sprint car weekend results, ascs sprint car weekend results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from west virginia motor speedway, comp cams super dirt series late model results from jackson motor speedway, tezo's all-star sprint car weekend results, xtreme midget series results from wayne county speedway, and more.
june 2, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mike marlar & cory hedgecock plus world of outlaws case late model series results from farmer city raceway, xtreme midget series results from tri-city speedway, and uscs sprint car results from north alabama speedway.
may 30, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from carson ferguson, hudson o'neal, nick hoffman, dale mcdowell, tyler erb, brian brown, ian madsen, rodney sanders & derek hagar.
may 29, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from sharon speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lucas oil speedway, tezos all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway & old no. 1 speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from atomic speedway, usmts modified weekend results, and ascs sprint car results from lake ozark speedway.
may 27, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from sharon speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lucas oil speedway, tezos all-star sprint car results from williams grove speedway, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from atomic speedway, valvoline iron-man late model series results from ponderosa speedway, ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway, and usmts modified results from deer creek speedway.
may 26, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from sharon speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lucas oil speedway, tezos all-star sprint car results from bridgeport speedway, and usmts modified results from deer creek speedway.
may 24, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from stateline speedway and xtreme midget series results from millbridge speedway.
may 23, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a uscs sprint car speedweek preview.
may 22, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian brown, donny schatz, spencer bayston, ricky thornton jr., carson ferguson, hudson o'neal, cory hedgecock & ian madsen plus world of outlaws sprint car results from sharon speedway, all-star sprint car results from weedsport speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from 34 speedway, and ascs sprint car results from longdale speedway.
may 20, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from attica raceway park, all-star sprint car results from outlaw speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from 300 raceway, and world of outlaws late model results from marion center raceway.
may 18, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend postponement announcement.
may 16, 2023 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from farmer city raceway.
may 15, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, hudson o'neal, jensen ford, josh putnam & spencer bayston plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, lucas oil late model dirt series results from fairbury speedway and tezos all-star sprint car results from wilmot raceway.
may 13, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway and all-star sprint car results from jacksonville speedway. 
may 11, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lincoln speedway and castrol floracing night in america results from spoon river speedway.
may 8, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from drake troutman, hudson o'neal, ricky thornton jr., dale mcdowell, jeff taylor, brian brown, donny schatz, chase randall, jeff taylor, spencer bayston, cade dillard, brandon sheppard, jeff taylor, & carson ferguson.
may 6, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from rome speedway, usmts results from lakeside speedway, comp cams super dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, and xtreme midget results from 81 speedway.
may 6, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from ponderosa speedway, schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from tri-county speedway, usmts results from lakeside speedway, comp cams super dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, and xtreme midget results from humboldt speedway.
may 5, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from mississippi thunder speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from atomic speedway, and tezo's all-star sprint car results from atomic speedway.
may 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, brandon sheppard, tyler erb, brian brown, & spencer bayston plus a comp cams late model series weekend preview, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from tri-state speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, and lucas oil mlra late model results from lake ozark speedway.
april 29, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model results from old no. 1 speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from tri-city speedway, usmts modified results from hamilton county speedway, and lucas oil mlra late model results from lake ozark speedway.
april 25, 2023 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
april 24, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, brandon overton, hudson o'neal, tanner mullens, dominic scelzi, ricky thornton jr., david gravel, trey starks & mike marlar plus usmts modified weekend results from 81 speedway.
april 23, 2023 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from 411 motor speedway and talladega short track, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from jackson motor speedway and boothill speedway.
april 17, 2023 - the news section has been updated with spencer bayston, ian madsen, cory hedgecock, kyle beard, ross robinson, drake troutman, rodney sanders, tanner mullens, dale mcdowell, matt cosner, donny schatz & hudson o'neal.
april 16, 2023 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series late model results from rocket raceway park and tezos all-star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
april 15, 2023 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series late model results from texarkana 67 speedway, lucas oil mlra late model results from 34 raceway, tezo's all star sprint car results from attica raceway park, and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55.
april 11, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jason feger, ricky thornton jr., gregg satterlee, ryan unzicker, chase holland, and hudson o'neal plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
april 10, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ian madsen, rico abreu, brian brown, donny schatz & spencer bayston plus world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car weekend results.
april 3, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hunt the front, ricky thornton jr., cade dillard, drake troutman, ricky weiss, donny schatz, spencer bayston, and bernheisel racing.
april 2, 2023 - riverside international speedway results and whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, uscs sprint car results from cherokee speedway, usmts modified results from ark-la-tex speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and spring nationals late model results from east alabama motor speedway.
april 1, 2023 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, uscs sprint car results from traveler's rest speedway, usmts modified results from ark-la-tex speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and spring nationals late model results from buckshot speedway.
march 27, 2023 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from spencer bayston, donny schatz, kyle beard, rs12 motorsports & jordon mallett.
march 26, 2023 - magnolia motor speedway and jackson motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from magnolia motor speedway and usmts modified results from humboldt speedway.
march 19, 2023 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lincoln speedway.
march 13, 2023 -the news section has been updated with a ccsds weekend rainout release for springfield raceway plus the latest releases from brian shirley, cory hedgecock, jordon mallett, garrett alberson, david gravel, and hunt the front.
march 12, 2023 -the news section has been updated with ccsds super late model results from boothill speedway, uscs sprint car results from magnolia motor speedway, and xtreme midget series results from duquoin.
march 11, 2023 -the news section has been updated with ccsds super late model results from boothill speedway and xtreme midget series results from duquoin.
march 7, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from wil herrington, chris ferguson, tom berry jr., brandon overton & kyle beard plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
march 4, 2023 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway.
february 27, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders & drake troutman plus saturday uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
february 26, 2023 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
february 21, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton & hunt the front.
february 19, 2023 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 17, 2023 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 12, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ashton winger, hudson o'neal & carson ferguson.
february 11, 2023 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 8, 2023 -the news section has been updated with all-star sprint car series results from volusia speedway park.
february 6, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal and ricky thornton jr.
february 5, 2023 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hendry county motorsports park.
february 1, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, hudson o'neal, ricky thornton jr., cory hedgecock, ryan timms & ricky weiss.
january 30, 2023 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint cars results from volusia speedway park.
january 28, 2023 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint cars results from volusia speedway park.
january 23, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jensen ford, mack mccarter, ricky weiss, & hudson o'neal.
january 21, 2023 -the news section has been updated with friday world of outlaws case late model series results from volusia speedway park.
january 20, 2023 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from volusia speedway park.
january 19, 2023 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mike marlar and dereck ramirez.
december 22, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the 2023 comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule.
december 8, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the 2023 lucas oil late model dirt series schedule and the 2023 lucas oil ascs sprint car schedule.
december 5, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, drake troutman, ashton winger, and ricky thornton jr.
november 22, 2022 -the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series banquet preview.
november 21, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, dale mcdowell, payton freeman & cory hedgecock.
november 14, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr. & shane clanton plus uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
november 7, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rocket1 racing, mike marlar, jensen ford, tyler stevens, donny schatz, rico abreu, ricky thornton jr., and garrett alberson.
november 6, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car series results from the finale of the world finals.
november 4, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from the dirt track at charlotte.
november 3, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car series results from the opening night of the world finals.
october 31, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from matt henderson, brandon overton, dereck ramirez & austin horton plus usmts modified weekend results and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway.
october 25, 2022 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releaess from mike marlar, chase junghans, cade dillard, austin horton, derek hagar, devin moran, ryan timms, tyler erb, joseph joiner, brandon sheppard & howard moore plus a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of the finale weekend.
october 24, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from u.s. 36 raceway.
october 23, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from 81 speedway.
october 22, 2022 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from humboldt speedway and uscs sprint car results from boyd's speedway.
october 17, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr. & cade dillard.
october 16, 2022 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from the final nighttof the dirt track world championship, lucas oil mlra late model results from tri-city speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from lakeside speedway.
october 15, 2022 -the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from the opening nigh tof the dirt track world championship, and world of outlaws sprint car results from i-80 speedway.
october 13, 2022 -the news section has been updated with a castrol floracing night in america peach state classic early entry deadline update.
october 10, 2022 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, brandon sheppard, donny schatz, brian brown, cla knight, kyle beard, rodney sanders, howard moore, mike marlar, garrett alberson, and gregg satterlee plus details on the 2022 southern showcase at deep south speedway.
october 9, 2022 - riverside international speedway results, and jackson motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model results from jackson motor speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from talladega short track, world of outlaws sprint car results from port royal speedway, and all-star sprint car results from fremont.
october 5, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview of jackson motor speedway and an uscs sprint car preview of the flip/flop 50 at riverside international speedway.
october 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, mike marlar, brandon sheppard, cade dillard, jordon mallett & derek hagar.
october 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series late model results from greenville speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-30 speedway.
september 30, 2022 - the news section has been updated with ralph henson memorial sprint car results from i-30 speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from tyler county speedway.
september 26, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, tyler stevens, ashton winger, shane clanton & jeff taylor plus a gumbo nationals preview, a comp cams super dirt series super late model results from boothill speedway, world of outlaws late model results from boyd's speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from sharon speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from brownstown speedway.
september 24, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams short track nationals preview, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from boothill speedway, and usmts modified results from deer creek speedway.
september 19, 2022 - riverside international speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results, magnolia motor speedway results, and i-30 speedway results are now posted.the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, brandon sheppard, shane clanton, cory hedgecock, ashton winger, billy moyer jr., tanner mullens, rodney sanders, and cade dillard plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway, a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview of boothill speedway,  and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lucas oil speedway.
september 17, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway.
september 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lucas oil speedway.
september 12, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rocket1 racing, brandon overton, mike marlar & dale mcdowell plus a comp cams super dirt series preview of magnolia motor speedway.
september 11, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from silver dollar speedway, all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from caney valley speedway.
september 10, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from silver dollar speedway and uscs sprint car results from traveler's rest speedway.
september 9, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from silver dollar speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway.
september 6, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jensen ford, jordon mallett, gregg satterlee, matt cosner, ryan unzicker, morgan bagley, cade dillard & tony jackson jr. plus lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, usmts modified weekend results, a comp cams short track nationals preview, world of outlaws sprint car results from gray's harbor raceway, and powri results from lake ozark speedway.
september 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with   world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway and all-star sprint car results from sharon speedway.
september 3, 2022 - the news section has been updated with  comp cams super dirt series super late model results from crowley's ridge raceway, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from smoky mountain speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway 
august 30, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, myles moos, brandon sheppard, joseph joiner, jesse enterkin, & earl pearson jr. plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview.
august 28, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from davenport speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car weekend results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway, and all-star sprint car weekend results.
august 26, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws case late model series results from davenport speedway and all-star sprint car results from bridgeport.
august 25, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams short track nationals preview.
august 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ashton winger, nick hoffman, brandon sheppard, jeff taylor, ricky weiss, & shane clanton.
august 21, 2022 - riverside international speedway results and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with tezos all-star sprint car results from outica-rome speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from huset's speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, and world of outlaws late model results from sharon speedway.
august 20, 2022 - the news section has been updated with tezos all-star sprint car results from outlaw motor speedway and world of outlaws late model results from williams grove speedway.
august 18, 2022 - the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car preview of riverside international speedway.
august 16, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, brandon sheppard, bryan bernheisel, jim bernheisel, ashton winger, gregg satterlee, nick hoffman & tony jackson jr. plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview comp cams topless 100.
august 14, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway, usmts modified results from i-70 speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, lucas oil mlra late model weekend results, and uscs sprint car results from senoia raceway.
august 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway, usmts modified results from lakeside speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, and uscs sprint car results from lavonia speedway.
august 10, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mike marlar & shane clanton plus an msccs super late model preview of greenville speedway.
august 8, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, dereck ramirez & chris ferguson.
august 7, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway, world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, usmts weekend modified results, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from old no. 1 speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from federated raceway at i-55.
august 3, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway.
august 2, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from dale mcdowell, cory hedgecock, rodney sanders, tanner mullens, matt cosner & ryan timms.
august 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon sheppard plus world of outlaws sprint car results from weedsport speedway and a comp cams super dirt series preview of old no. 1 speedway.
july 31, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car speedwek results, tezos all-star sprint car results from i-70 speedway, world of outlaws late model results from fairbury speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from weedsport speedway.
july 27, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from tulsa speedway and schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from toccoa speedway.
july 26, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr., gregg satterlee, brandon sheppard, kyle beard, cory hedgecock, bryan bernheisel, brandon overton, tanner mullens, & seratt racing plus world of outlaws case late model series results from boone speedway.
july 25, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 24, 2022 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, all-star sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-30 speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from screven motor speedway, and comp cams super dirt series super late model results from i-30 speedway.
july 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway, powri sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, all-star sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from batesville motor speedway, and comp cams super dirt series super late model results from texarkana 67 speedway.
july 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 21, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from port royal speedway.
july 18, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, cory hedgecock, brandon sheppard, shane clanton, austin horton, gregg satterlee, ryan timms, scott brothers racing & mike marlar plus world of outlaws late model series results from red cedar speedway.
july 17, 2022 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from ogilvie raceway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from tri-city speedway and lucas oil speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from beckley motor speedway & wythe raceway, uscs sprint car results from boyd's speedway & east alabama motor speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from u.s. 36 speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from mason city motor speedway & ogilvie raceway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-70 speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 14, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from attica raceway park and a msccs super late model preview of pike county speedway.
july 10, 2022 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from deer creek speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from wilmot raceway, and tezo's all-star sprint car results from stateline speedway.
july 9, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from deer creek speedway. 
july 8, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from deer creek speedway and a comp cams super dirt series rainout announcement for the upcoming weekend.
july 7, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from davenport speedway and tezos all-star sprint car results from lernerville speedway.
july 5, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, ricky weiss, brian shirley, ricky thornton jr., eli beets, drake troutman, donny schatz & josh putnam plus grt legends late model series results from centerville speedway.
july 4, 2022 -  riverside international speedway results, magnolia motor speedway results, and jackson motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cameron weaver & howard moore plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of greenville speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from muskingum county speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from wakeeney speedway, and uscs sprint car results from magnolia motor speedway.
july 3, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from muskingum county speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from western kansas speedway, lucas oil mlra late model results from wakeeney speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car series results from cedar lake speedway.
july 2, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from boone county speedway, and xtreme outlaw midget series news.
july 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway.
june 28, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar & brian shirley.
june 27, 2022 - riverside international speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results, jackson motor speedway results, i-30 speedway results, and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from joseph joiner, nick hoffman, johnny scott, brandon sheppard & mike marlar plus world of outlaws late model series, grt legends late model series results, and xtreme outlaw midget results from jacksonville speedway.
june 26, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lernerville speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, xtreme outlaw sprint series results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, lucas oil mlra late model results, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-705 motorsports park, and an uscs sprint car preview of this weekend's thunderhill speedway park doubleheader.
june 24, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lernerville speedway, and an uscs sprint car preview of this weekend's thunderhill speedway park doubleheader.
june 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway.
june 21, 2022 - magnolia motor speedway results, riverside international speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results, jackson motor speedway results, and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. 
june 20, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, nick hoffman, mark whitener, brandon sheppard, gregg satterlee, dereck ramirez, derek hagar & ryan timms.
june 19, 2022 - the news section has been updated with tezos all star sprint car results, com cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from smoky mountain speedway, usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway, ascs sprint car national and regional results, grt legends late model series results from batesville motor speedway, and more.
june 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with tezos all star sprint car results from sharon speedway.
june 14, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jordon mallett, ryan timms, brandon overton, derek hagar & mike mataragas plus tezos all star sprint car results from wayne county speedway.
june 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, brandon sheppard, dereck ramirez & chris ferguson plus tezos all-star sprint car results from ohio speedweek, a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of texarkana 67 speedway & boothill speedway, and a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of magnolia motor speedway.
june 12, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from knoxville raceway, xtreme outlaw sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, and tezos all-star sprint car results from ohio speedweek.
june 6, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, austin horton, donny schatz & tyler stevens.
june 5, 2022 - riverside international speedway results, i-30 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from i-30 speedway, uscs sprint car results from jackson motor speedway, all-star sprint car results, ascs  regional sprint car results, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from west virginia motor speedway.
june 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from tri-city speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from river cities speedway, all-star sprint car results, ascs sooner region sprint car results from creek county speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from west virginia motor speedway.
may 31, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, mack mccarter, josh putnam brandon sheppard, tyler erb, ryan timms & chris ferguson plus world of outlaws sprint car results from lawrenceburg speedway.
may 30, 2022 - magnolia motor speedway results, riverside international speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results, jackson motor speedway results, and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car speedweek results, schaeffer's oil spring nationals results, world of outlaws sprint car results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from the show-me 100, usmts modified weekend results, lucas oil ascs sprint car weekend results, floracing all-star sprint car results, and more.
may 27, 2022 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car speedweek previews of riverside international speedway and old no. 1 speedway.
may 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, tyler erb, brandon sheppard, billy moyer jr., trey mills & jensen ford plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from 34 raceway.
may 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from marion center, world of outlaws sprint car results from attica raceway park, lucas oil late model dirt series results from 300 raceway, and all star sprint car results from plymouth.
may 20, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from bloomsburg fair.
may 16, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, all-star sprint cars weekend results, usmts modified weekend results, uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, and ascs regional sprint car results from lucas oil speedway.
may 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lincoln speedway, castrol floracing late model night in america results from lincoln speedway, and a msccs super late model preview of greenville speedway.
may 9, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, mike marlar, cory hedgecock, and brandon overton.
may 6, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series and united states modified touring series results from mississippi thunder speedway.
may 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with rainout details for the upcoming weekend's bad boy 98 at batesville motor speedway.
may 2, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from gregg satterlee, payton freeman, austin horton, billy moyer jr., drake troutman & ricky weiss plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of batesville motor speedway and uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway.
may 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car & late model results from bristol motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, and all-star sprint car results from sharon speedway.
april 30, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car & late model results from bristol motor speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from old no. 1 speedway, and all-star sprint car results from lernerville speedway.
april 29, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a msccs super late model preview of whynot motorsports park.
april 28, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from donny schatz plus castrol floracing night in america results from brownstown speedway.
april 25, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, tyler erb, johnny scott, tanner mullens, and stormy scott.
april 24, 2022 - i-30 speedway results and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview, schaeffer's oil spring nationals late model results from clarksville speedway, world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track, lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from tri-state speedway, and tezos all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway.
april 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with schaeffer's oil spring nationals late model results from crossville raceway, world of outlaws late model results from atomic speedway, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track, lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, and tezos all-star sprint car results from bloomsburg fair raceway.
april 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with schaeffer's oil spring nationals late model results from tri-county race track and tezos all-star sprint car results from bloomsburg fair raceway.
april 21, 2022 - the news section has been updated with details of the passing of longtime uscs sprint car official paul rondels.
april 18, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from mike marlar, donny schatz, matt cosner, drake troutman, cory hedgecock, cade dillard, derek hagar & brandon overton plus comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of 67 speedway of texarkana.
april 17, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from dederated raceway at i-55 and tezos arctic cat all star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
april 11, 2022 - i-30 speedway results, magnolia motor speedway results, greenville speedway results, riverside international speedway results, and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, gregg satterlee, brandon sheppard, stormy scott, and johnny scott plus lucas oil late model dirt sereis results from port royal speedway. 
april 10, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from lake ozark speedway, lucas oil mlra late model results from 81 speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from hagerstown speedway and xtreme outlaw sprint car results from lake ozark speedway.
april 3, 2022 - i-30 speedway results and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model action from i-30 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and ascs sooner region sprint car results
april 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from ark-la-tex speedway.
march 30, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from derek hagar plus world of outlaws sprint car results from vado speedway park.
march 28, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ross robinson, brandon sheppard & cade dillard plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview.
march 27, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-30 speedway, usmts modified results from humboldt speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from cherokee speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car weekend results.
march 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard & austin horton plus a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of i-30 speedway.
march 21, 2022 -  i-30 speedway results and old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from gregg satterlee, cade dillard, joseph joiner, & ricky weiss plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from atomic speedway, lucas oil ascs results from devil's bowl speedway, and uscs sprint car results from north alabama speedway.
march 19, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car series results from merced speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway.
march 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend rainout announcement for talladega short track.
march 14, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders & donny schatz plus a comp cams super dirt series preview of talladega short track.
march 12, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from tulare.
march 12, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from tulare.
march 9, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler stevens.
march 7, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from shane clanton, cory hedgecock, brandon overton & donny schatz.
march 6, 2022 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cotton bowl speedway, usmts modified results from rocket raceway park, comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, spring nationals late model results from senoia raceway, wingless short track nationals results from i-30 speedway, and more.
march 5, 2022 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cotton bowl speedway, usmts modified results from rocket raceway park, comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, spring nationals late model results from swainsboro raceway, and more.
march 3, 2022 - the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car weekend preview. 
march 1, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hunt the front, jason sides, derek hagar & drake troutman plus a comp cams super dirt series opener preview and a wingless short track nationals preview for i-30 speedway.
february 24, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from ashton winger plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model season preview.
february 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a world of outlaws preview of magnolia motor speedway and the rev.
february 22, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from joseph joiner, brandon overton, dale mcdowell and cla knight.
february 21, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, cory hedgecock, jason sides & ricky thornton jr.
february 20, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws dirtcar nationals results from volusia speedway park.
february 19, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws dirtcar nationals results from volusia speedway park.
february 17, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws dirtcar nationals results from wednesday at volusia speedway park and a preview of the upcoming wingless short track nationals at i-30 speedway.
february 16, 2022 - the news section has been updated with xtreme outlaw sprint car results from volusia speedway park and floracing all-star sprint car results from east bay raceway park.
february 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with xtreme outlaw sprint car results from volusia speedway park and floracing all-star sprint car results from east bay raceway park.
february 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman & brandon sheppard plus uscs sprint car results from needmore speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 12, 2022 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from needmore speedway.
february 11, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park and world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 10, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park and world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 9, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 8, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 7, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from rocket1 racing.
february 6, 2022 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car series weekend results from hendry county motorsports park.
february 5, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from all-tech raceway.
february 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from all-tech raceway.
february 2, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from bubba raceway park.
january 30, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from golden isles speedway and details on the 2022 grt land of legends series.
january 29, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from golden isles speedway.
january 27, 2022 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from golden isles speedway.
january 24, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, dale mcdowell & rodney sanders.
january 23, 2022 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws  late model series results from 2022 season opener.
january 20, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest news from the comp cams super dirt series.
january 19, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from mike marlar plus a lucas oil late model dirt series speedweek preview.
january 18, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, derek hagar, rodney sanders & garrett alberson.
january 16, 2022 - the news section has been updated with chili bowl finale results and the 2022 united states modified touring series schedule
january 15, 2022 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series crown jewel quest for cash announcement, friday night chili bowl results, and a terry gray national sprint car hall of fame announcement.
january 14, 2022 - the news section has been updated with an ice bowl winner update, a lucas oil mlra rookie of the year update, and thursday chili bowl results.
january 13, 2022 - the news section has been updated with wednesday night chili bowl results and a statement from the iron-man series/ct promotions.
january 10, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, tanner mullens, cory hedgecock & dereck ramirez plus the 2022 uscs sprint car midsouth region schedule.
january 4, 2022 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from pierce mccarter.
december 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with 2022 schedules for the xtreme sprint cars and midgets.
december 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a kasey kahne announcement, a world of outlaws late model series sunshine nationals preview, and the 2022 united sprint car series schedule.
december 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler stevens
december 6, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman and cory hedgecock.
november 29, 2021 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, jensen ford, lane seratt & brandon overton plus 2022 uscs sprint car winter series details.
november 27, 2021 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the 2022 crate racin' usa winter series details
november 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, ashton winger, brandon overton & ricky thornton jr. plus a comp cams super dirt series banquet recap.
november 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from payton freeman, shane hebert, drake troutman & ricky thornton jr. plus a comp cams super dirt series banquet preview.
november 15, 2021 - greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from greenville speedway and uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
november 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the 2022 world of outlaw late model series schedule.
november 8, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, matt henderson & rodney sanders plus a preview of the gumbo nationals and possum town granid prix.
november 7, 2021 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from the dirt track at charlotte, world of outlaws late model series results from the dirt track at charlotte, and uscs sprint car results from hendry county.
november 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from mark whitener plus the 2021 world of outlaws sprint car schedule.
november 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, dereck ramirez, tyler erb, austin horton & nick hoffman plus usmts modified finale results from 81 speedway.
october 31, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lawton speedway and ascs sooner sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway.
october 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lawton speedway and ascs sooner sprint car results from creek county speedway.
october 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from payton freeman, nick hoffman & jordon mallett plus a peach state classic preview for senoia raceway.
october 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from logan roberson, derek hagar, drake troutman & mccarter brothers racing.
october 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ashton winger, cory hedgecock, matt cosner, jeff roth, joe godsey, ahnna parkhurst, and matt cosner.
october 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the finale of the comp cams short track nationals.
october 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the opening of the comp cams short track nationals and world of outlaws sprint car results from lakeside speedway.
october 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard and shane hebert plus a comp cams short track nationals pre-entry update.
october 18, 2021 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from logan roberson, cade dillard, tony jackson jr., ricky thornton jr. cory hedgecock, tyler stevens & brian shirley plus a comp cams short track nationals preview.
october 17, 2021 -  old no. 1 speedway results, boothill speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, uscs sprint car results from super bee speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from the dirt track world championship.
october 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman & kyle beard plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from rome speedway.
october 10, 2021 - riverside international speedway results and jackson motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from port royal speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from jackson motor speedway, all-star sprint car results from fremont raceway, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway results, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from dixie speedway.
october 9, 2021 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from port royal speedway.
october 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett alberson, brandon sheppard, brandon overton, matt henderson, mack mccarter, and ashton winger plus a comp cams super dirt series preview of jackson motor speedway and a flip flop 50 preview for riverside international speedway.
october 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from ppms,  world of outlaws late model results from senoia raceway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway. 
october 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from raceway 7, lucas oil mlra results from sycamore speedway, world of outlaws late model results from cherokee speedway, a gumbo nationals postponement announcement, and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway. 
october 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with an update from the postponement of the opening round of the gumbo nationals.
september 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, parker martin & randy weaver plus a preview of the 27th annual fall classic at whynot motorsports park.
september 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jake knowles & brian shirley plus details on the postponement of the comp cams short track nationals.
september 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from joseph joiner, nick hoffman, howard moore, dale mcdowell, cory hedgecock, greg satterlee, brandon sheppard, tyler erb, rico abreu, donny schatz & more plus a comp cams short track nationals preview and a gumbo nationals preview.
september 26, 2021 - i-30 speedway results and riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, world of outlaws sprint car results from lernerville speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from brownstown speedway, and more.
september 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, jordon mallett & scott bogucki plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from brownstown speedway.
september 20, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, brandon overton, donny schatz, rico abreu, ricky weiss, cade dillard & tyler erb.
september 19, 2021 -  jackson motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway, war sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from keller auto speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car  results from lucas oil speedway.
september 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway, floracing all star sprint car results from williams grove speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car  results from lucas oil speedway.
september 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from knoxville raceway, an msccs super late model preview of magnolia motor speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint car & powri sprint car results from lucas oil speedway.
september 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from chris ferguson, ricky thornton jr., and howard moore plus a crate racin' usa touring schedule update.
september 14, 2021 -  i-30 speedway results, riverside international speedway results and greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, brandon sheppard, stormy scott, johnny scott, logan roberson, shane hebert & more.
september 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-80 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from silver dollar speedway, floracing all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway, uscs sprint car results from cherokee speedway, and usmts modified results from revolution speedway.
september 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-80 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from silver dollar speedway, floracing all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway, and usmts modified results from ark-la-tex speedway.
september 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams short track nationals release, floracing all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, and usmts modified results.
september 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dominic scelzi, garret williamson, david seibers, and shane hebert plus a racetrack safety initiative announcement.
september 6, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, brandon overton, gregg satterlee, donald mcintosh, cla knight, brian shirley & nick hoffman plus world of outlaws sprint car results from skagit speedway, usmts modified results, and uscs sprint car results from talladega short track.
september 5, 2021 - jackson motor speedway results, greenville speedway results, ecm speedway results, boothill speedway results, and riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from volunteer speedway, comp cams super dirt series results from jackson motor speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park, uscs sprint car results from ecm speedway, ascs regional sprint car results from diamond park speedway, world of outlaws sprint car series results from skagit speedway, and all-star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
september 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from lavonia speedway, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, world of outlaws sprint car series results from skagit speedway, and all-star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
september 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from cherokee speedway.
september 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview and a comp cams short track nationals preview.
august 29, 2021 - i-30 speedway results and greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway and all star sprint car results from lincoln speedway.
august 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from i-80 speedway.
august 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway, and all-star sprint car results from grandview.
august 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, brian shirley, brandon sheppard, drake troutman, gregg satterlee & ashton winger plus world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway, a preview of the inaugural wingless short track nationals at i-30 speedwya, and world of outlaws late model series results from eriez speedway.
august 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, all-star sprint car results from waynesfield speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from red river valley speedway, and world of outlaws late model series results from sharon speedway.
august 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, all-star sprint car results from i-96 speedway, and world of outlaws late model series results from williams grove speedway.
august 20, 2021 - the news section has been updated with details regarding the peach state classic at senoia raceway and world of outlaws late model series results from orange county speedway.
august 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with details regarding the inaugural non-wing short track nationals at i-30 speedway.
august 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from rodney sanders plus a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 announcement and a msccs super late model schedule update.
august 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, brandon overton & mack mccarter plus a comp cams topless 100 preview for batesville motor speedway.
august 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, uscs sprint car results from senoia raceway, lucas oil mlra late model results from lake ozark speedway, and friday night knoxville nationals results.
august 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, uscs sprint car results from senoia raceway, and friday night knoxville nationals results.
august 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway and thursday night knoxville nationals results.
august 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the opening round of the knoxville nationals.
august 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rocket1 racing, matt henderson, cory hedgecock, dereck ramirez, rodney sanders, derek hagar, austin horton & ashton winger.
august 8, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway, usmts modified results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws late model results from cedar lake speedway, uscs sprint car results from jackson motor speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55.
august 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway, usmts modified results from humboldt speedway, world of outlaws late model results from cedar lake speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55.
august 6, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from knoxville raceway and usmts modified results from 81 speedway.
august 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lakeside speedway, a msccs super late model preview of outlaw speedway, and world of outlaws late model series results from outagamie speedway.
august 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, brandon sheppard, nick hoffman, kyle beard, gregg satterlee, stormy scott, tyler erb, cory hedgecock, derek hagar and johnny scott.
august 1, 2021 - 67 speedway of texarkana results, jackson motor speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, riverside international speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaw sprint car results from weedsport speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from outlaw motor speedway, world of outlaws late model results from fairbury, and southern nationals late model results from tazewell speedway.
july 31, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaw sprint car results from ransomville speedway, world of outlaws late model results from fairbury speedway, uscs sprint car results from deep south speedway, southern nationals late model results from 411 motor speedway, all-star sprint car results from 34 raceway, and comp cams super dirt series results from batesville motor speedway.
july 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from 81 speedway, floracing all star sprint car results from state fair speedway, and schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from boyds speedway.
july 29, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from caney valley speedway, ccsds super late model results from i-30 speedway, and a msccs super late model preview of jackson motor speedway.
july 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the floracing all-star sprint car results from i-70 speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway, and schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from tri-county racetrack.
july 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, austin horton, earl pearson jr., rodney sanders, ashton winger, chase junghans, shane clanton & tyler stevens.
july 26, 2021 -riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, donny schatz, rico abreu, brandon sheppard, dale mcdowell & more plus lucas oil ascs speedweek results from riverside, floracing all star sprint car results from humboldt, and schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from rome speedway.
july 25, 2021 - whynot motorsports park results, 67 speedway of texarkana results, jackson motor speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway, powri war sprint car results, all-star sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, schaeffers oil southern nationals results from screven motor speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results, and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway.
july 24, 2021 - 67 speedway of texarkana results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from west georgia speedway, powri war sprint car results, lucas oil ascs sprint car results, and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway.
july 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil ascs sprint car reschedule for riverside international speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from i-75 raceway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from lernerville speedway.
july 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donald mcintosh, brandon sheppard, tyler bruening, nick hoffman, kerry madsen, brandon overton, donny schatz & ashton winger plus usmts modified results from mason city motor speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway and world of outlaws late model results from red cedar speedway.
july 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from ogilvie raceway, world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws late model result from i-94 speedway, and war sprint car results from valley speedway.
july 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from ogilvie raceway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from u.s. 36 raceway, world of outlaws late model result from river cities speedway, and schaeffers oil spring nationals results from beckley.
july 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model bonus announcement and a kenneth mitchell memorial preview.
july 15, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from casino speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from eldora speedway.
july 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from gondik lake speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from attica raceway park.
july 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar and jason sides.
july 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from howard moore, brandon sheppard, austin horton, ashton winger & rodney sanders.
july 11, 2021 - whynot motorsports park results, ecm speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, i-30 speedway results, north alabama speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with floracing all star circuit of champions sprint car results from sharon speedway, world of outlaws morton buildings late model results from jackson motorplex, world of outlaws sprint car results from wilmot raceway, uscs sprint car results from dixie speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from gallatin speedway.
july 10, 2021 - 67 speedway of texarkana results are now posted. the news section has been updated with floracing all star circuit of champions sprint car results from new stateline speedway, world of outlaws morton buildings late model results from jackson motorplex, uscs sprint car results from traveler's rest speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from gallatin speedway.
july 8, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a southern all star late model series preview of thunderhill raceway park and a msccs super late model preview of whynot motorsports park.
july 6, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr., brandon sheppard, nick hoffman, garrett alberson, howard moore, kyle beard, austin horton, rodney sanders, derek hagar, and jeff taylor.
july 5, 2021 - whynot motorsports park results, greenville speedway results, ecm speedway results, and magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from magnolia motor speedway.
july 4, 2021 -riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, ascs sprint car regional results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from muskingum county speedway, comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, and lucas oil mlra late model results from 34 raceway.
july 3, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, uscs sprint car results from old no. 1 speedway, crate racin' usa late model results from moulton speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park, and lucas oil mlra late model results from 300 raceway.
july 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule adjustment.
june 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a southern all star series schedule announcement for thunderhill raceway park and a comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule adjustment for i-30 speedway.
june 29, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from drake troutman, derek hagar, tyler millwood, shane hebert & matt cosner plus a comp cams super late model series weekend preview.
june 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, donny schatz, howard moore, tyler stevens, brandon sheppard, brian shirley, brandon overton, jason sides & kerry madsen plus a crate racin' usa weekend preview.
june 27, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results, i-30 speedway results,  jackson motor speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results, and  riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with   uscs sprint car results from thunderhill raceway park, world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson motorplex, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from skagit speedway.
june 26, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson motorplex, world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from skagit speedway.
june 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson motorplex, world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway, and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from skagit speedway.
june 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws sprint car results from husets.
june 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series announcement of the mark martin automotive triple crown challenge, an uscs sprint car weekend preview & world of outlaws sprint car results from husets.
june 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, tony jackson jr., mark whitener, nick hoffman, rico abreu, kerry madsen, marshall skiiner donny schatz, & aaron reutzel plus lucas oil ascs sprint car results and usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway.
june 20, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results, i-30 speedway results,  and  riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  ascs sooner region sprint car results from 81 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from beaver dam raceway, all-star sprint car results from portsmouth, and lucas oil mlra late model results from salina highbanks speedway.
june 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from magnolia motor speedway, usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway, ascs sooner region sprint car results from tulsa speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from dubuque speedway and lucas oil mlra late model results from salina highbanks speedway.
june 18, 2021 - magnolia motor speedway are now posted. the news section has been updated with a recap from the opening round of the clash at the mag. 
june 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from austin horton & chris ferguson plus all-star sprint car results from sharon speedway and a southern all star preview of senoia raceway.
june 15, 2021 - north alabama speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon sheppard plus all-star sprint car results from wayne county speedway and a comp cams super dirt series preview of magnolia motor speedway.
june 14, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results,  and  riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, gregg satterlee, tyler stevens & cory hedgecock.
june 13, 2021 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  ascs elite sprint car results from i-30 speedway, all-star sprint car ohio speedweek results from fremont raceway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
june 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, ascs elite sprint car results from crowley's ridge raceway, all-star sprint car ohio speedweek results, and world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
june 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from matt henderson, jesse lowe, hunt the front, tony jackson jr., tyler bruening, brandon sheppard, jensen ford, tyler erb & more plus all-star sprint car results and ascs sooner region sprint car results.
june 6, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results,  thunderhill raceway park results, north alabama speedway results, and magnolia motor speedway are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series schedule update info, world of outlaws late model results from plymouth, world of outlaws sprint car results, ascs sooner region & mid-south/warrior region sprint car results, floracing all-star sprint car results, and usmts modified results from hamilton county speedway.
june 5, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from old no. 1 speedway, world of outlaws late model results from circle city raceway, ascs sooner region sprint car results from humboldt speedway, floracing all-star sprint car results from wilmot raceway, and more.
june 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, marshall skinner, jesse lowe, jeff taylor, rodney sanders, and drake troutman.
june 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, nick hoffman, howard moore, dale mcdowell, gregg satterlee, matt henderson, and joseph joiner plus world of outlaws sprint car results from lawrenceburg speedway, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, and all-star sprint car results from port royal speedway.
may 31, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results and magnolia motor speedway are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler millwood, jake knowles & brandon sheppard plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview, usmts modified results from upper iowa speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, schaeffer's oil spring nationals late model results from rome speedway, and uscs sprint car results from old no. 1 speedway.
may 30, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from deer creek speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, schaeffer's oil spring nationals late model results from dixie speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from lucas oil speedway.
may 29, 2021 - greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with show-me prelim results, uscs sprint car results from greenville speedway, and usmts modified results from rapid speedway.
may 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint preview of greenville speedway and an announcement on the passing of veteran racer, marion jacobs.
may 26, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brennon willard plus a castrol floracing night in america schedule update and a lucas oil show-me 100 preview.
may 24, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ashton winger, joe godsey, brandon sheppard, jake knowles & brian shirley.
may 23, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, whynot motorsports park results, north alabama speedway results, and greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from greenville speedway, all star sprint car results from gas city speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from sharon speedway,  war sprint car results from charleston speedway, and world of outlaws late model results from port royal speedway.
may 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with all star sprint car results from circle city raceway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from tri-city speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from attica, lucas oil late model dirt series results from 300 raceway, war sprint car results from charleston speedway, and world of outlaws late model results from port royal speedway.
may 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with all star sprint car results from circle city raceway.
may 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from bridgeport speedway, a southern all star late model series weekend preview,  and a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview.
may 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from drake troutman, austin horton, aaron reutzel & mack mccarter.
may 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, brandon sheppard, dereck ramirez, ricky thornton jr., rico abreu, donny schatz, kerry madsen, roger crockett, gregg satterlee, rodney sanders, matt cosner, tyler erb, matt henderson, gregg satterlee & brandon overton plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
may 16, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, ecm speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from tri-state speedway, uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, all-star sprint car results from route 66 motor speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, and ascs sprint car results.
may 15, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results from lakeside speedway, uscs sprint car results from southern raceway, all-star sprint car results from i-96 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car resutls from williams grove speedway, and ascs sooner sprint car results.
may 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with an uscs weekend preview.
may 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lincoln speedway.
may 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with castrol floracing night in america results from brownstown speedway and a msccs super late model weekend preview.
may 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, cory hedgecock, austin horton, logan roberson, joe godsey, jeff roth, matt henderson, garrett alberson & more.
may 9, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, ecm speedway results, greenville speedway results, and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler stevens & nick hoffman plus comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from eldora speedway, ascs sprint car results, and world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from mississippi thunder speedway.
may 8, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway and world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from mississippi thunder speedway.
may 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dale mcdowell, jake knowles, joe godsey, jeff roth, tyler millwood, drake troutman, donald mcintosh & cade dillard.
may 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, rico abreu, brandon sheppard, paxton gregory, nick hoffman, & cla knight plus all star sprint car results from tri city speedway and a bad boy 98 preview for batesville motor speedway.
may 2, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, ecm speedway results, greenville speedway results, and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from boone, world of outlaws sprint car results from i-70, powri war sprint car results from i-70, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, spring nationals results from crossville raceway & clarksville speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from selinsgrove speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ponderosa speedway.
may 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from boone, world of outlaws sprint car results from i-70, powri war sprint car results from i-70, uscs sprint car results from i-75 raceway, ascs sooner region sprint car results from creek county speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ponderosa speedway.
april 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaw sprint car results fro jacksonville speedway and an uscs sprint car weekend preview of i-75 raceway.
april 26, 2021 - magnolia motor speedway and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, rico abreu & tony stewart plus world of outlaws sprint car results from bristo motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track & powri war sprint car results from valley speedway..
april 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with ascs regional sprint car results & powri war sprint car results from lucas oil speedway.
april 24, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from bristol motor speedway, world of outlaws late model series results from richmond raceway, and uscs sprint car results from talladega short track.
april 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with castrol floracing night in america results from atomic speedway.
april 20, 2021 - the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car preview of talladega short track.
april 19, 2021 - north alabama speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tony stewart, brandon overton, mccarter racing, brandon sheppard, brian shirley, tony jackson jr. & nick hoffman plus lucas oil late model series results from port royal speedway, floracing all star sprint car results from bedford speedway, and ascs sooner region results from creek county speedway.
april 18, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, ecm speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results and whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from riverside international speedway, ascs sprint car results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from hagerstown speedway, all star sprint car results, and lucas oil mlra late model results from 34 raceway.
april 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from 34 raceway and all star sprint car results from williams grove speedway and schaeffer's oil spring nationals results from i-75 raceway.
april 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with an usmts modified weekend preview and lucas oil mlra late model results from davenport speedway.
april 15, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series weekend schedule adjustment.
april 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from i-80 speedway.
april 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from howard moore, drake troutman, brian shirley, matt henderson, gregg satterlee, brandon sheppard & logan roberson plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
april 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from bristol motor speedway.
april 11, 2021 - old no. 1 speedway results, jackson motor speedway results, and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from haubstadt speedway.
april 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from kokomo speedway, world of outlaws late model results from bristol motor speedway and uscs carolina region sprint car results.
april 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, cade dillard & parker martin plus the postponement of the rumble on the gumbo at greenville speedway.
april 6, 2021 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from paxton gregory, tucker boulton, derek hagar, ahnna parkhurst, gunner ramey and more.
april 5, 2021 - i-30 speedway results  are now posted. the news section has been updated with a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of boothill speedway.
april 4, 2021 - riverside international speedway results, old no. 1 speedway results, north alabama speedway results, and whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from bryant marsh, brandon sheppard, david seibers and tyler stevens plus world of outlaws late model results from farmer city raceway, usmts modified results from hamilton county speedway, iron man late model series results from tazewell speedway, and comp cams super dirt series results from legit speedway.
april 3, 2021 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from poplar bluff motorsports park & legit speedway park, world of outlaws sprint car results from i-55 raceway, usmts modified results from hamilton county speedway, and ascs sprint car results from lake ozark speedway.
april 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from aaron reutzel & bryant marsh plus a preview of the 2021 crate racin' usa weekly racing series.
march 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from derek hagar plus an ascs sprint car regional weekend preview.
march 29, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rico abreu, donny schatz, logan roberson, jeff roth, joe godsey, brandon sheppard, joseph joiner & matt henderson plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
march 28, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts results from king of america x and world of outlaws sprint car results from lake ozark speedway.
march 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a rainout announcement for the lucas oil ascs sprint cars at i-30 speedway.
march 24, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from chris ferguson, jordon mallett, tim kaeding, paxton gregory, gunner ramey & alan krimes plus the invite list for the world of outlaws sprint car series event at bristol motor speedway.
march 23, 2021 - i-30 speedway results and whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, kyle beard, austin dillon, cory hedgecock, rico abreu, jason sides, garet williamson, scott bogucki & donny schatz plus a king of america usmts event preview and lucas oil late model dirt series results from atomic speedway. 
march 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from i-30 speedway,  lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cotton bowl speedway, and uscs sprint car results from deep south speedway.
march 20, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from old no. 1 speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cotton bowl speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and uscs sprint car results from deep south speedway.
march 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the world of outlaws late model series bristol bash invitation list.
march 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil american sprint car series opener preview and a msccs super late model preview of whynot motorsports park
march 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, cade dillard, greg wilson & alex hill plus southern all star late model series results from southern raceway.
march 15, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., jason papich & donny schatz plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
march 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from the rev, usra modified results from monarch motor speedway, and uscs sprint car results from north alabama speedway.
march 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from magnolia motor speedway.
march 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a valvoline iron man late model series bonus announcement.
march 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brian brown, derek hagar, chase elliott & advanced motorsports plus a preview of the uscs sprint cars at north alabama speedway and a magnolia motor speedway weekend preview.
march 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a king of america / battle at the bullring preview for humboldt speedway.
march 9, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, david seibers, garrett alberson & dereck ramirez plus a woo sprint car weekend preview and southern all star series late model results from cherokee speedway.
march 8, 2021 - whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz, rico abreu & tyler stevens plus a comp cams super dirt series season opener preview and uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway.
march 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with woo sprint car weekend results, usmts modified weekend results, and woo late model results from smoky mountain speedway.
march 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a release from brian brown.
march 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series preview of atomic speedway and brownstown speedway.
march 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ahnna parkhurst, corey hedgecock, nick hoffman, & drake troutman plus an usmts modified weekend preview.
march 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from david gravel, brandon overton & jason sides plus a comp cams super dirt series schedule revision, a world of outlaws late model series duck river raceway park schedule announcement, and southern all star late model series schedule updates.
february 27, 2021 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway.
february 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jonathan davenport, kyle busch, tanner kellick & dominic scelzi plus a preview of the 2021 season at mountain view raceway park and a magnolia motor speedway smorgasbord of speed preview.
february 24, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ross bailes, cla knight, and sam hafertepe jr. 
february 23, 2021 - the news section has been updated with ucra late model results from fort payne speedway and details on the 2021 southern all star late model series hall of fame class.
february 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
february 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from southern raceway and a newsome raceway parts winter series update.
february 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with updated world of outlaws sprint car schedule details and an uscs sprint car weekend preview. the msccs super late model site has been updated with their 2021 schedule.
february 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series opener preview and a world of outlaws upcoming event preview.
february 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton & cla knight plus world of outlaws postponement news for magnolia motor speedway and the rev.
february 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car schedule update details, an usmts modified opener preview at rpm speedway and world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 9, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman & rico abreu.
february 8, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from schaller racing plus world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with southern all stars schedule news and uscs sprint car results from hendry county.
february 6, 2021 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park and uscs sprint car results from hendry county.
february 5, 2021 - the news section has been updated with all star sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified season opener preview.
february 3, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from bubba raceway park and all star sprint car results from east bay raceway park.
february 2, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the 2022 lucas oil late model dirt series speedweeks schedule and the 2022 sunshine nationals dates at volusia speedway park.
february 1, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, stormy scott & brandon sheppard plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from bubba raceway park.
january 31, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series saturday results from east bay raceway park, all star sprint car results from screven motor speedway, and valvoline iron man late model series results from boyds speedway.
january 30, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series friday results from east bay raceway park and all star sprint car results from screven motor speedway.
january 29, 2021 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series thursday results from east bay raceway park.
january 26, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jason sides plus lucas oil late model dirt series monday results from east bay raceway park.
january 25, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, rico abreu, tony stewart, drake troutman & donny schatz.
january 24, 2021 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from all-tech raceway and a southern all star late model series schedule update.
january 22, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the 2021 ascs sprint car midsouth region schedule, the 2021 ascs elite region sprint car schedule, and a southern all star late model series schedule update.
january 21, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a preview of the dirty south tour with the world of outlaws sprint car.
january 19, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from kasey kahne, tyler erb, rodney sanders, mack mccarter, and dominic scelzi plus a lucas oil late model dirt series speedweeks preview.
january 18, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from david gravel, derek hagar, and brandon sheppard plus a valvoline iron man late model series preview of boyd's speedway, newsome late model series results from volusia speedway park. the race replicas section has been updated with several new clients.
january 17, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the 35th annual chili bowl finale and world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park.
january 16, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the fourth round of the 35th annual chili bowl.
january 15, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the fourth round of the 35th annual chili bowl, world of outlaws late model series results from volusia speedway park, and newsome raceway parts late model results from volusia speedway park.
january 14, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the third round of the 35th annual chili bowl and the 2021 schaeffer's oil southern nationals schedule.
january 13, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the second round of the 35th annual chili bowl
january 12, 2021 - the news section has been updated with results from the opening night of the 35th annual chili bowl and a newsome raceway parts late model preview of the sunshine nationals.
january 11, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from ricky thornton jr. plus the 2021 usmts modified schedule and crate racin' usa late model results from the ice bowl.
january 10, 2021 - the news section has been updated with newsome raceway parts late model series results from the ice bowl.
january 9, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a valvoline iron man late model series preview of boyds speedway.
january 7, 2021 - the news section has been updated with a world of outlaws late model series opener preview and a southern all star 2021 late model season preview.
january 5, 2021 - the news section has been updated with the latest release plus chili bowl quick facts and iron man late model series news.
january 4, 2021 - the news section has been updated with updated with the latest releases from chase howard & pierce mccarter release plus results from the hangover at 411 motor speedway and the 2021 southern all star late model series schedule.
january 1, 2021 - happy new years everyone! the news section has been updated with updated with the 2021 newsome raceway parts crate racin' usa late model series touring schedule.
december 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with postponement details on the street stock world championship.
december 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jake knowles.
december 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the upcoming crate racin' usa winter shootout schedule.
december 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from chase junghans plus the 2021 comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule and details on the world of outlaws late model series events at bristol motor speedway.
december 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the ascs sooner region sprint car schedule.
december 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the 2021 iron man southern region late model series schedule and a dennis erb r. release.
december 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the 2021 lucas oil american sprint car series schedule, crate racin' usa ezgo $100,000 challenge details, an iron man late model series schedule addition, and mlra late model series news.
december 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series schedule update.
december 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a chili bowl release.
december 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car rookie of the year recap for conner leoffler.
december 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from morgan bagley, kaeden cornell & mack mccarter plus a comp cams super dirt series banquet release.
november 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick hoffman, jordon mallett & rico abreu.
november 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with iron man late model & iron man modified series results from 411 motor speedway.
november 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the 2021 world of outlaws sprint car schedule and the 2021 iron man northern late model series schedule.
november 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donald mcintosh, brock zearfoss & billy moyer jr. plus the 2021 uscs sprint car national schedule and 2020 uscs sprint car season recaps.
november 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton & ricky thornton jr.
november 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with schaeffer's oil fall nationals from senoia raceway.
november 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with crate racin' usa late model results from deep south speedway.
november 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with crate racin' usa late model results from deep south speedway and a leftover preview for 411 motor speedway.
november 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the ollie's all star sprint car 2021 schedule.
november 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a crate racin' usa series preview of deep south speedway.
november 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from derek hagar.
november 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from billy moyer jr., ricky thornton jr., marshall skinner, logan schuchart & ricky weiss.
november 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with fall  nationals results from boyd's speedway, magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 results and uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
november 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with an opening night recap of the magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 and uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
november 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders & cade dillard plus a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 preview for magnolia motor speedway.
november 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ahnna parkhurst, kyle beard, ricky weiss, joseph joiner, derek hagar, jeffrey west jr. & ross bailes.
november 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, donny schatz & rico abreu plus the 2021 lucas oil mlra late model schedule, comp cams super dirt series results from jackson motor speedway, usmts modified results from rpm speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from the dirt track at charlotte and more.
november 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from the dirt track at charlotte and usmts modified results from rpm speedway.
november 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model results from the dirt track at charlotte, a crate racin' usa series preview of magnolia motor speedway, and a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 preview.
november 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from greg wilson, dominic scelzi & david gravel. 
november 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler stevens & cory hedgecock plus an usmts modified weekend preview, a crate racin' usa weekly racing series update and magnolia motor speedway weekend preview.
november 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr. & tyler erb plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of jackson motor speedway.
october 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a preview of this weekend's grant junghans memorial.
october 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest preview for the magnolia state cotton pickin' 100.
october 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, cla knight, morgan bagley, austin horton & chris simpson.
october 27, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, kerry madsen, jason sides & jeffrey west jr. plus the latest newsome raceway parts racing series point update.
october 26, 2020 - north alabama speedway results and riverside international speedway results are now posted.
october 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from kokomo speedway and ascs sooner region sprint car results from longdale speedway.
october 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with tarheel 50 results from tri county race track.
october 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with an all star sprint car 2021 schedule update.
october 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from dale mcdowell, mason zeigler, jordon mallett, cade dillard, ross bailes, cory hedgecock& derek hagar plus a newsome raceway parts weekly racing series update.
october 20, 2020 - north alabama speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., tyler erb, jim bernheisel, jason sides & blount motorsports plus king of the crate 60 results from north alabama speedway and southern all star late model series results from smoky mountain speedway.
october 19, 2020 - riverside international speedway results and magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from howard moore, tyler stevens, brandon sheppard & donny schatz plus a world of outlaws sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway, a shaw race cars announcement, a world finals announcement and lucas oil mlra late model results from tri city speedway.
october 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway and lucas oil mlra late model results from tri city speedway.
october 15, 2020 - the race replicas section has been updated with new additions. the news section has been updated with a king of the crates preview for north alabama speedway.
october 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donny schatz & joe godsey plus the 2021 lucas oil late model dirt series schedule and the 2021 world of outlaws late model series schedule.
october 13, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr., jeremy conaway & matt cosner plus a golden egg fall nationals preview for magnolia motor speedway, a dirt track world championship preview and a newsome raceway parts weekly racing series weekly update.
october 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley, hudson o'neal, tony stewart, brandon sheppard, ricky thornton jr., & donny schatz plus a southern all stars late model series update.
october 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws spint car results from port royal speedway, ascs sprint car regional results and all star sprint car results from fremont raceway.
october 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, world of outlaws spint car results from port royal speedway and all star sprint car results from fremont raceway.
october 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brennon willard & earl pearson jr. plus a king of the crates reschedule announcement for north alabama speedway.
october 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from austin horton, jake knowles, drake troutman, marshall skinner, rodney sanders & donald mcintosh plus a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 reschedulement announcement.
october 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr., brandon overton, derek hagar, jeffrey west jr., jason johnson racing, logan roberson & brandon sheppard plus a crate racin usa weekly racing series roundup and a flip/flop 50 preview for riverside international speedway.
october 5, 2020 - greenville speedway results and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest release from donny schatz plus crate racin' usa late model series results from talladega short track.
october 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from greenville speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, world of outlaws late model results from 411 motor speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from ppms.
october 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from greenville speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, world of outlaws late model results from cherokee speedway and a newsome raceway parts crate racin' usa results from talladega short track.
october 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from batesville motor speedway and a newsome raceway parts crate racin' usa preview of talladega short track.
september 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, logan roberson, robbie price, blake hahn, jesse lowe, drake troutman, garet williamson, tony jackson jr. & cory hedgecock.
september 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, derek hagar, john carney ii, roger crocket & danny sams iii plus a comp cams short track nationals preview.
september 28, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rico abreu & donny schatz plus a preview of the flip flop 50 at riverside international speedway, a comp cams short track nationals preview and a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview.
september 27, 2020 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series weekend results, world of outlaws sprint car series weekend results, lucas oil late model dirt series weekend results, crate racin' usa series results from needmore, uscs sprint car results from cherokee speedway, and usmts modified results from deer creek speedway.
september 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from david seibers plus all-star sprint car results from eldora speedway, a crate racin' usa late model series preview, and a comp cams short track nationals preview.
september 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett alberson, matt cosner, jesse lowe, drake troutman & cade dillard plus all-star sprint car results from eldora speedway and a comp cams short track nationals preview.
september 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, brian brown, aaron reutzel, brady bacon, ross bailes, roger crockett, jordon mallett & don o'neal plus a crate racin' usa weekly racing series update, a king of crates reschedule update, and a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 postponement announcement.
september 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler stevens plus a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 preview.
september 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, powri sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, all star sprint car results from lincoln speedway, iron man series results from lake cumberland speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
september 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, powri sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, all star sprint car results from williams grove speedway, iron man series results from ponderosa speedway, and lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
september 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from lucas oil speedway, powri sprint car results from lucas oil speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
september 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky thornton jr. & tucker boulton plus a magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 preview.
september 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, jack dover, dereck ramirez & brandon bernheisel plus details on comp cams short track nationals tickets and an usmts modified preview of the upcoming fall jamboree.
september 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon sheppard.
september 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  usmts modified results from rpm speedway.
september 13, 2020 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, intercontinental classic results from saturday at eldora speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from dodge city raceway park, ascs national & regional sprint car results and usmts modified results from boothill speedway.
september 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, intercontinental classic results from friday at eldora speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from dodge city raceway park, king of the crate results from north alabama speedway and usmts modified results from ark-la-tex speedway.
september 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler stevens plus all star sprint car results from port royal speedway and intercontinental classic results from thursday at eldora speedway.
september 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, derek hagar, jason rauen, jensen ford, billy moyer jr., jeffrey west jr., gregg satterlee, jason rauen, jensen ford & mason zeigler plus a preview of the magnolia state cotton pickin' 100 at magnolia motor speedway, a southern all star late model series schedule update and an usmts modified weekend preview.
september 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with chevrolet performance world championship results from cochran motor speedway.
september 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  the latest release from brandon sheppard plus world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway, powri war sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, usmts modified results from fayette countyspeedway,  comp cams super dirt series super late model results from magnolia motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from ecm speedway and lucas oil mlra late model results from randolph county speedway.
september 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park, world of outlaws sprint car results from husets speedway, powri war sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, usmts modified results from deer creek speedway, world of outlaws late model results from lancaster speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from jackson motor speedway, and all star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
september 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from ponderosa speedway, world of outlaws late model results from lavonia speedway and all star sprint car results from attica raceway park.
september 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from austin horton, chris ferguson, cory hedgecock & pierce mccarter plus a crate racin' usa world championship preview.
september 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley, jason sides, tim kaeding & derek hagar plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule update and weekend preview.
august 31, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, trey starks, tony stewart & donny schatz plus an usmts modified weekend preview, world of outlaws sprint car results from i-80 speedway, and all-star sprint car results from bedford speedway.
august 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from senoia raceway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from u.s 36 raceway, and all-star spritn car results from lincoln speedway.
august 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with powri sprint car results from tri city speedway and uscs sprint car results from dothan motor speedway.
august 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from port royal speedway and all star sprint car results from grandview speedway.
august 27, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from aaron reutzel, tucker boulton & brady bacon plus a lucas oil late model dirt series schedule update for september.
august 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a crate racin' usa late model series schedule adjustment for north alabama speedway and a com
august 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, donald mcintosh, tony jackson jr., jeff taylor & jeffrey west jr. plus a crate racin' usa weekly racing series update.
august 24, 2020 - i-30 speedway results, greenville speedway results, riverside international speedway results, magnolia motor speedway results and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, donny schatz, marshall skinner, tony stewart, derek hagar & brian shirley plus uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway and southern all star late model series results from i-75 raceway.
august 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from red river valley speedway, world of outlaws late model results from eriez speedway, all star sprint car results from plymouth speed way, usmts modified results  and ascs regional sprint car results from monett speedway.
august 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from river cities speedway, world of outlaws late model results from williams grove speedway, all star sprint car results from wilmot raceway, usmts modified results from lake ozark speedway and ascs sooner sprint car results from humboldt speedway.
august 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from batesville motor speedway, usmts modified results from dallas county speedway and world of outlaws late model series results from lincoln speedway.
august 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler millwood, brandon sheppard, earl pearson jr., jesse lowe & bryan bernheisel plus an announcement regarding the inaugural governor's reign at eldora speedway.
august 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley plus a crate racin' usa weekly racing series point update
august 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from parker martin, derek hagar, john carney ii, rico abreu & donny schatz plus ascs sprint week results from diamond park speedway and an usmts modified weekend preview.
august 16, 2020 - i-30 speedway results and riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
august 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint week results from creek county speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
august 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway.
august 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from gregg satterlee, rodney sanders, dereck ramirez, dale mcdowell, derek hagar & jordon mallett plus ascs sprint week results from lakeside speedway & caney valley speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway and a crate racin' usa weekly racing series point update.
august 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard & kerry madsen plus a southern all star late model series schedule update and a lucas oil late model dirt series weekend preview of florence speedway.
august 10, 2020 - i-30 speedway results, thunderhill raceway park results and north alabama speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, tim shaffer, rico abreu & donny schatz plus lucas oil ascs sprint car and war sprint car results from southern iowa speedway.
august 9, 2020 - greenville speedway results, riverside international speedway results, magnolia motor speedway results and ecm speedway results are  now posted. the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, lucas oil ascs sprnt car results from knoxville raceway, iron-man late model results from smoky mountain speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from federated raceway at i-55, crate racin' usa late model results from thunderhill raceway park and usmts modified results from lucas oil speedway.
august 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, lucas oil ascs sprnt car results from knoxville raceway, iron-man late model results from ponderosa speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from federated raceway at i-55, crate racin' usa late model results from thunderhill raceway park and usmts modified results from 81 speedway.
august 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from hudson o'neal plus world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, lucas oil ascs sprnt car results from knoxville raceway and usmts modified results from 81 speedway.
august 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jeff taylor, aaron reutzel, brady bacon and colin shipley plus an msccs super late model preview of chatham speedway and a world of outlaws sprint car preview of this weekend's one-and-only at knoxville raceway.
august 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ross bailes, david seibers, tyler stevens, brennon willard & jesse lowe plus world of outlaws late model results from beaver dam raceway, a lucas oil late model dirt series upcoming schedule and the latest crate racin' usa point update.
august 4, 2020 - greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from dereck ramirez, brian brown, kerry madsen & rico abreu plus an usmts modified weekend preview and a war sprint car preview of the hockett / mcmillin memorial.
august 3, 2020 - i-30 speedway results, riverside international speedway results, and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley, brandon sheppard & howard moore plus all-star sprint car results from husets speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint week results.
august 2, 2020 - the news section has been updated with all-star sprint car results from knoxville raceway and comp cams super dirt series results from legit speedway park.
august 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with friday night results from the hoosier dirt shootout at kokomo speedway, all-star sprint car results from 34 raceway and a comp cams super dirt series update from batesville motor speedway.
july 31, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett alberson, logan roberson, ashton winger & austin hubbard plus ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from plymouth speedway, usmts modified results from mason city motor speedway and the 2020 southern all star hall of fame class.
july 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick deal, gregg satterlee & tucker boulton plus usmts modified results from mason city motor speedway and details on the one and only at knoxville raceway.
july 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jesse lowe, nick deal & tyler bruening plus world of outlaws late model series results from davenport speedway & usmts modified results.
july 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley, derek hagar,jason rauen, jeffrey west jr., danny sams iii & dereck ramirez plus a newsome raceway parts weekly racing series update.
july 27, 2020 - i-30 speedway results, jackson motor speedway and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, rico abreu & donny schatz plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend preview and details on thunderhill raceway park's king of the hill.
july 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ascs regional sprint car results, world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, southern nationals late model results from tazewell speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from 411 motorspeedway, ascs regional sprint car results, usmts modified results from i-80 speedway, a preview of the msccs super late model event at jackson motor speedway & lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lincoln speedway, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from crossville speedway & lucas oil late model dirt series results from i-80 speedway.
july 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, david seibers, gregg satterlee, jesse lowe, jensen ford, rodney sanders & chris ferguson plus usmts modified results from southern iowa speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from lernerville speedway and southern nationals late model results from tri-county speedway.
july 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, jeffrey west jr., sam hafertepe jr., kent robinson & tyler erb plus a crate racin' usa point update.
july 20, 2020 -i-30 speedway results, magnolia motor speedway and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rocket1 racing, brian shirley, howard moore, donny schatz, derek hagar, rico abreu, roger crockett & larry sams iii plus ollie's all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, ,world of outlaws late model series results from river cities speedway, lucas oil diamond nationals results, and schaeffer's oil southern nationals late model results.
july 19, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with ollie's all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, uscs sprint car results from east lincoln motor speedway,world of outlaws late model series results from red river valley speedway, lucas oil show me 100 results, and schaeffer's oil southern nationals late model results.
july 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from tri-city speedway, a msccs super late model preview of magnolia motor speedway, all-star sprint car results from williams grove speedway and lucas oil ascs sprint car results from u.s. 36 raceway.
july 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series weekend preview.
july 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from nick deal, tucker boulton, donald mcintosh & donny schatz plus a lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of u.s. 36 raceway.
july 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from marshall skinner, harli white & austin horton plus world of outlaws sprint car results from the brad doty classic, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from i-75 speedway, southern all star late model series news, and world of outlaws late model results from gondik law speedway.
july 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from earl pearson jr., kaeden cornell, gregg satterlee, donny schatz, brandon overton, rico abreu & tyler bruening plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from 300 raceway, an usmts upcoming schedule preview, schaeffer's oil southern nationals results from volunteer speedway, and a world of outlaws late model series mid-season review.
july 13, 2020 - greenville speedway results, i-30 speedway results, and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, chase junghans, tyler erb, scott bogucki, jason sides, tim kaeding & blount motorsports plus ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from sharon speedway, ascs sooner region results from creek county speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from terre haute action track, southern all star super late model results from ecm speedway and uscs sprint car results from dixie speedway.
july 12, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from ohio speedweeks, comp cams super dirt series super late model weekend results, lucas oil late model dirt series results from florence speedway, powri sprint car results from knoxville raceway, world of outlaws sprint car weekend results, southern nationals late model series weekend results, and world of outlaws late model series weekend results.
july 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from muskingum county speedway.
july 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from ahnna parkhurst, justin duty, aaron reutzel, brady bacon, cade dillard, josh baughman, & drake troutman plus ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from brushcreek motorsports complex.
july 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler erb, chris ferguson, cory hedgecock & ashton winger plus world of outlaws sprint car schedule updates and a lucas oil ascs sprint car series preview of riverside international speedway.
july 7, 2020 - north alabama speedway results, and ecm speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jason sides, rico abreu, donny schatz, derek hagar, larry sams iii, marshall skinner, roger crockett & brian brown plus ollie's bargain outlet sprint car results from wayne county speedway and a crate racin' usa weekly racing series point update.
july 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler millwood, brandon sheppard, howard moore, donald mcintosh and chris madden plus lucas oil mlra late model results from east moline, ohio sprint speedweek results from fremont speedway and crate racin' usa results from cochran motor speedway.
july 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from boothill speedway, lucas oil mlra late model results from 300 raceway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park, crate racin' usa results from talladega short track, and ollie's bargain outlet sprint car results from fremont speedway.
july 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from lone star speedway, lucas oil mlra late model results from 34 raceway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from muskingum county speedway, uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway, and ollie's bargain outlet sprint car results.
july 3, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest release from ross bailes & big frog motorsports plus world of outlaws late model series results from cedar lake speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from cedar lake speedway, comp cams super dirt series super late model results from ark-la-tex speedway, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, and a msccs super late model weekend preview.
july 2, 2020 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, garrett alberson & drake troutman plus lucas oil late model dirt series schedule updates, world of outlaws morton buildings late model sereis schedule updates, comp cams super dirt series results from i-30 speedway, and crate racin' usa updates.
july 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jordon mallett, nick deal, brandon hightower & matt cosner.
june 30, 2020 - jackson motor speedway results and whynot motorsports park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from billy moyer jr., kyle beard, sheldon haudenschild, johnny scott, stormy scott, gregg satterlee, cade dillard, derek hagar, donald mcintosh, tony stewart, donny schatz & jason sides plus a lucas oil ascs 360 knoxville nationals status update, a crate racin' usa weekly roundup and an eldora speedway announcement regarding the 2020 king's royal.
june 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon sheppard plus a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
june 28, 2020 - riverside international speedway results and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from salina highbanks speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from talladega short track, world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson motorplex, crate racin' usa late model results from mountain view raceway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from i-30 speedway, and world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway.
june 27, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil mlra late model results from salina highbanks speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from 411 motor speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from jackson speedway, powri sprint car results from charleston speedway, and world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway.
june 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucs oil mlra late model results from outlaw motor speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway and world of outlaws late model results from lernerville speedway.
june 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucs oil mlra late model results from lucas oil speedway, ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from port royal speedway, and a crate racin' usa series weekend preview.
june 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from nick deal, shane clanton, aaron reutzel, josh baughman, tyler erb, david seibers & brennon willard plus a southern all star late model series preview and a lucas oil late model dirt series weekend preview.

june 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jason sides, rodney sanders, brian brown, roger crockett, alex hill, garrett alberson, dereck ramirez, jesse lowe, blake hahn & kerry madsen plus the latest crate racin' usa weekly racing series point's update.
june 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, tyler stevens, donny schatz, howard moore & rico abreu plus ollie's bargain outlet ohio sprint car speedweek details and iron-man modified series results from i-75 speedway.
june 21, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated withworld of outlaws sprint car results from tri state speedway, world of outlaws late model results from volunteer speedway, usmts modified results from hamilton county speedway and uscs sprint car series results from east alabama motor speedway.
june 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from the final two nights of the clash at the mag, world of outlaws late model results from volunteer speedway, usmts modified results from rapid speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from tri state speedway.
june 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from the opening night of the clash at the mag and an i-30 speedway special event announcement.
june 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from gregg satterlee, nick deal, kyle beard, earl pearson jr. & tyler bruening plus wednesday night usmts modified results, lucas oil ascs sprint car preview of caney valley speedway and i-30 speedway, and the 2020 schaeffer's oil southern nationals schedule.
june 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, david breazeale, jordon mallett, scott bloomquist, marshall skinner, jeff taylor & brian brown plus usmts results from stuart speedway, a crate racin' usa preview of the salute to america nationals, and a lucas oil late model dirt series preview of  magnolia motor speedway's clash at the mag.
june 16, 2020 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon overton, ross bailes, ashton winger, tony stewart, rodney sanders, rico abreu, donny schatz, dominic scelzi, brady bacon & kerry madsen plus crate racin' usa weekly racing series point updates.
june 15, 2020 - greenville speedway results, whynot motorsports park results, north alabama speedway results, and riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from lonestar speedway, a preview of this weekend's clash at the mag, a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of magnolia motor speedway, and lucas oil mlra late model results from west liberty raceway.
june 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from lonestar speedway, uscs sprint car results from jackson motor speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from smoky mountain speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway,  lucas oil mlra late model results, ucra late model results from talladega short track, and ascs regional sprint car results.
june 13, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from monarch motor speedway, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, lucas oil late model dirt series results from cherokee speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from knoxville raceway, an updated iron man series schedule, lucas oil mlra late model results, ucra late model results from fort payne motor speedway, and usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway.
june 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from southern oklahoma speedway, uscs sprint car results from north alabama speedway and usmts modified results from cedar lake speedway.
june 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from austin hubbard & tony toste plus ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway.
june 10, 2020 - i-30 speedway results and thunderhill raceway park results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest release from rodney sanders, jensen ford, david seibers, drake troutman, jeff taylor, greg wilson, derek hagar & brandon overton plus a southern all star preview of deep south speedway and a lucas oil late model dirt series preview of speedweeks 2021.
june 9, 2020 -st. francois county raceway results. the news section has been updated with an uscs sprint car speedweek preview, an usmts modified preview of the masters at cedar lake speedway and ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from lawton speedway.
june 8, 2020 - greenville speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, rico abreu & donny schatz plus a lucas oil late model dirt series weekend preview, ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from 81 speedway and crate racin' usa street stock weekly point's update.
june 7, 2020 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from i-30 speedway, iron man championship late model results from i-75 raceway, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from beaver dam raceway, and usmts modified results from tri-state speedway.
june 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series super late model results from texarkana 67 speedway, ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from red dirt raceway, usmts modified results from humboldt speedway, iron man championship late model results from wartburg speedway and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from beaver dam raceway.
june 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified results.
june 3, 2020 - i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from derek hagar, jordon mallett, david seibers & rodne sanders plus an uscs sprint car speedweek schedule update, a comp cams super dirt series four-for-four firecracker nationals announcement, and an ucra upcoming event preview.
june 2, 2020 - old no. 1 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard, robbie price, jason sides, chris ferguson, logan roberson, kerry madsen, brian brown & channin tankersley plus uscs sprint car results from lexington 104 speedway.
june 1, 2020 - greenville speedway results, st. francois county raceway results and i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series arkansas weekend preview.
may 31, 2020 - riverside international speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway, uscs sprint car results from riverside international speedway, crate racin' usa late model results from tri county speedway, iron man championship late model series results from tazewell speedway, and all star sprint ar results from park jefferson speedway.
may 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, ascs sooner region/ mid-south region sprint car results from creek county speedway, world of outlaws late model results from davenport speedway, uscs sprint car results from old no. 1 speedway and all star sprint ar results from park jeffersonspeedway.
may 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon overton plus a mississippi state championship challenge series update and a release on the start of the durrence layne weekly racing series point's season.
may 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
may 27, 2020 - thunderhill raceway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from drake troutman, jason sides, david gravel, cory hedgecock, sam hafertepe jr., donald mcintosh & jack dover plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park and an ascs mid-south & sooner region weekend preview.
may 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brandon overton, kyle larson, dale mcdowell & tyler stevens plus lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park and an ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car roster preview.
may 25, 2020 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rico abreu, rocket1 racing, ricky weiss, donny schatz & dominic scelzi plus ascs regional sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, ucra late model series results and durrence layne late model series results from cochran motor speedway.
may 24, 2020 - volunteer speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from jackson motorplex, world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55, an uscs sprint car speedway preview, crate racin' usa results from cochran motor speedway, southern all star late model series results from thunderhill raceway and comp cams super dirt series results from legit speedway.
may 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from jackson motorplex, usmts modified results from mississippi thunder speedway, and world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car results from federated auto parts raceway at i-55.
may 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from golden isles speedway.
may 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from kaeden cornell plus lucas oil late model results from golden isles speedway park, ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car series schedule news & dirt late model dream postponement details from eldora speedway.
may 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from cory hedgecock plus an usmts modified weekend preview and a comp cams super dirt series weekend preview.
may 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tony stewart, giovanni scelzi, trey starks, chris ferguson & donny schatz plus world of outlaws series event news.
may 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from southern raceway.
may 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series news, results from the opening round of the great lakes shootout, and a preview of the upcoming crate racin' usa late model series event at cochran motor speedway.
may 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with updates on the southern all star late model season opener at thunderhill raceway and the ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car series season opener.
may 13, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from kaeden cornell & austin horton plus results from the opening of the west texas crude nationals, the spring sizzler announcement for 411 motor speedway, and iracing world of outlaws results.
may 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest southern all star late model series schedule.
may 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from rico abreu.
may 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from harli white plus a prview of the world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint cars at knoxville.
may 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donald mcintosh, brandon overton & rodney sanders plus details on upcoming world of outlaws events and details on the 2020 lucas oil mlra late model season opener. 
may 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from kaeden cornell & shane clanton. 
may 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with details on the planned returned to action for the lucas oil late model dirt series.
april 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from kaeden cornell plus a comp cams super dirt series update on the bad boy 98 at batesville motor speedway.
april 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws iracing results from eldora speedway and a rocket chassis announcement.
april 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jeff taylor & bobby pierce plus breaking news from the world of outlaws on their return to racing and world of outlaws iracing results from eldora speedway.
april 27, 2020 - the news section has been updated with details on this thursday's race at tri county race track and an updated schaeffer's oil spring nationals schedule.
april 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brandon sheppard & aaron reutzel plus the announcement of the world of outlaws return to racing initiative.
april 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tony stewart racing, william byron, david seibers & chase junghans.
april 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from blake hahn plus a look back at a dirt covered bristol and the latest woo late model series iracing results.
april 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest features on shannon babb & bobby allen plus world of outlaws schedule updates.
april 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil mlra late model schedule update and the latest woo sprint car iracing results
april 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a sammy swindell feature.
april 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with woo iracing wednesday results.
april 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from kaeden cornell.
april 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from logan seavey plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model schedule update and iracing world of outlaws late model series results from knoxville raceway.
april 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a wild west shootout announcement.
april 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latesest release from joey saldana plus updates from the world of outlaws and the lucas oil late model dirt series on expanded iracing coverage.
april 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with more adjustments to the 2020 lucas oil late model dirt series schedule.
april 2, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws iracing results and a crate racin' usa weekly racing series update.
april 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a profile on kevin swindell and an iron man late model and modified update and a southern all star late model schedule update.
march 31, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a schaeffer's oil spring nationals update and world of outlaws iracing news and results.
march 30, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil ascs sprint car postponement at i-30 speedway.
march 23, 2020 - the news section has been updated with scheduled adjustments for the world of outlaws late model series, world of outlaws sprint car series, newsome raceway parts late models and comp cams super dirt series late models.
march 22, 2020 - the news section has been updated with an uscs statement regarding upcoming races.
march 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a world of outlaws nos energy drink sprint car release and a southern all star late model series schedule adjustment.
march 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a newsome raceway parts weekly racing series release, world of outlaws late model series schedule adjustments, schaeffer's oil spring nationals schedule adjustments, and a king of america announcement.
march 17, 2020 - magnolia motor speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest release from rhett carter plus an announcement regarding the postponement of upcoming events.
march 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donald mcintosh, bryant marsh & brandon hightower plus a schaeffer's oil spring nationals schedule update.
march 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ryan gustin & sam hafertepe jr.
march 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cory hedgecock, riley hickman, david seibers & tyler erb.
march 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tony stewart, brandon sheppard & donald mcintosh.
march 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway and world of outlaws late model series results from smoky mountain speedway
march 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with comp cams super dirt series results from boothill speedway, uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway, ascs sprint car results from merced speedway, usmts modified results from big o speedway, and world of outlaws late model series results from duck river raceway park.
march 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brady bacon & kaeden cornell plus an usmts modified weekend preview.
march 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from kyle beard, dale mcdowell, jeremy grady & donald mcintosh plus a comp cams super dirt series super late model preview of boothill speedway.
march 2, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from rodney sanders, blake hahn, jesse lowe, tony stewart & phil deitz plus usmts results from cotton bowl speedway and a lucas oil ascs sprint car weekend preview.
march 1, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from canyon speedway park and usmts results from south texas speedway.
february 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from canyon speedway park, uscs sprint car results from hattiesburg speedway, the 2020 newsome raceway parts late model schedule and usmts modified results from i-37 speedway.
february 27, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from rocket1 racing.
february 25, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jordan yaggy plus a usmts modified season opener preview.
february 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from brady bacon plus a uscs schedule update.
february 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jeff roth & joe godsey.
february 20, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from aaron reutzel & harli white plus a southern all star late model series cherokee speedway preview and an ollie's bargain outlet sprint car release.
february 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jensen ford, tony jackson jr. & cory hedgecock plus lucas oil ascs sprint car broadcast news and a preview of the 2020 lucas oil ascs sprint car season opener.
february 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 13, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws morton buildings late model series results from volusia speedway park.
february 12, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ross bailes, blake hahn, brandon overton, brady bacon, rico abreu, tim shaffer & mason zeigler plus ollie's bargain outlet all star sprint car results from east bay raceway park.
february 11, 2020 - the news section has been updated with ollie's bargain outlet sprint car results from east bay raceway park.
february 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with  lucas oil late model dirt series results from all-tech raceway and sunday world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 9, 2020 - the news section has been updated with saturday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park, world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park and uscs sprint car results from hendry county.
february 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws sprint car results from volusia speedway park and friday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with thursday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park and ollie's bargain outlet sprint car results from volusia speedway park.
february 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jim bernheisel & bryan bernheisel plus ollies' bargain outlet all star sprint car results from volusia speedway park, newsome raceway parts racing series news, and wednesday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with tuesday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 4, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jesse lowe, daryn pittman, parker martin & aaron reutzel plus monday night lucas oil late model dirt series results from east bay raceway park.
february 2, 2020 - the news section has been updated with lucas oil late model dirt series results from golden isles speedway and newsome raceway parts dirt late model series results from east bay.
january 31, 2020 - the news section has been updated with newsome raceway parts dirt late model series results from east bay.
january 29, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the 2020 ascs mid-south region sprint car schedule.
january 28, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jake knowles plus a newsome raceway parts dirt late model preview of east bay raceway park.
january 26, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from gordy gundaker plus a banquet recap from the comp cams super dirt series.
january 24, 2020 - the news section has been updated with a preview of the world of outlaws speedweeks schedule and a southern all star late model series schedule update.
january 21, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from sam hafertepe jr., dustin strand & brian shirley.
january 19, 2020 - the news section has been updated with chili bowl finale results and newsome raceway parts crate late model results from volusia speedway park.
january 18, 2020 - the news section has been updated with friday night chili bowl results and newsome raceway parts crate late model results from volusia speedway park.
january 17, 2020 - the news section has been updated with thursday night chili bowl results and newsome raceway parts crate late model results from volusia speedway park.
january 16, 2020 - the news section has been updated with wednesday night chili bowl results and a lucas oil late model dirt series speedweek preview.
january 15, 2020 - the news section has been updated with tuesday night chili bowl results and a preview of the newsome raceway parts late model events at volusia speedway park.
january 14, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from brian shirley, ricky weiss & rodney sanders plus chili bowl nationals results from monday night's prelim and a comp cams super dirt series preview of the ronny adams memorial.
january 13, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from donny schatz, jeff roth & joe godsey plus  the 2020 southern all star late model series schedule.
january 10, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from big frog motorsports and ross bailes.
january 8, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from tyler millwood plus the 2020 united states modified touring series schedule.
january 7, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb & devin moran plus a release announcing the presenter's panel for the inaugural southern promoters workshop.
january 6, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler bruening, ricky weiss, rodney sanders & cade dillard plus world of outlaws late model series results from vado speedway park, the chili bowl qualifying night breakouts, the 2020 toms modified schedule, and durrence layne late model series results from prelims at the ice bowl.
january 5, 2020 - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from vado speedway park and durrence layne late model series results from prelims at the ice bowl.
january 3, 2020 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jeremiah hurst plus a release announcing a new title sponsorship for crate racin' usa and an ozark motorsports hall of fame induction preview.
december 31, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a preview of the world of outlaws late model series season opener.
december 30, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from donald mcintosh, tyler erb & riley hickman plus a durrence layne racing preview of the ice bowl.
december 28, 2019 - the news section has been updated with uscs banquet details and results from the opening night of the durrence layne world street stock championship.
december 27, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a release announcing the inaugural southern promoters workshop.
december 23, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series 2020 season recap and a 2020 usmts modified series recap.
december 17, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a lucas oil late model dirt series rookie of the year recap on tyler erb and a world of outlaws champion's piece on brad sweet.
december 16, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the  2020 durrence layne winter series late model schedule.
december 14, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the  2020 uscs sprint car schedule and the 2020 ascs sooner region sprint car schedule.
december 12, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from scott bloomquist, chris madden, zeb wise & don o'neal plus the 2020 lucas oil ascs sprint car schedule.
december 10, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from justin duty plus a preview of the 2020 comp cams super dirt series schedule.
december 9, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from shane clanton, tyler bruening, dave mac motorsports & matt cosner plus the 2020 world of outlaws morton buildings late model series schedule.
december 8, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tim mccreadie & tanner english plus the iron-man modified series 2020 schedule.
december 6, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a hangover preview for 411 motor speedway.
december 5, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from aaron reutzel, cannon mcintosh & ricky weiss plus the 2020 ollies bargain outlet all star sprint car schedule.
december 4, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a chili bowl race of champions announcement and a lucas oil late model dirt series 2019 season recap.
december 3, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from johnny herrera plus an iron man series 2019 recap. the race replicas section has been updated with several new diecasts.
december 2, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from ahnna parkhurst plus a comp cams short track nationals announcement, ascs southwest region sprint car results from arizona speedway and an uscs sprint car release.
december 1, 2019 - the news section has been updated with ascs southwest region sprint car results from arizona speedway and a kody evans woo late model rookie of the year announcement.
november 30, 2019 - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car series news.
november 29, 2019 - the news section has been updated with a comp cams super dirt series announcement.
november 28, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from ashton winger.
november 26, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from logan roberson, cla knight, jake knowles & jeff taylor plus a 2019 uscs sprint car series season recap, a possum town grand prix cancellation announcement, and a comp cams super dirt series lone star speedway preview.
november 25, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from garrett alberson, chris ferguson, jesse lowe, cory hedgecock & ricky weiss plus the 2020 volunteer speedway schedule and an ucra late model announcement.
november 21, 2019 - the news section has been updated with an announcement from wells motorsports and brandon overton.
november 20, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb & donny schatz.
november 18, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ashton winger, ahnna parkhurst & rodney sanders plus a wild west shootout preview.
november 17, 2019 - the news section has been updated with usmts modified weekend results from 81 speedway.
november 16, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest release from mason daniel plus the 2020 schaeffer's oil iron man late model series schedule.
november 12, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from eric wells & austin horton plus world of outlaw sprint car and late model banquet recaps.
november 11, 2019 - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from jensen ford, riley hickman & donny schatz plus uscs sprint car results from talladega short track.
november 10, 2019 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late models & world of outlaws sprint car results from the finale of the world finals at charlotte, an usmts preview of 81 speedway, uscs sprint car results from talladega short track, durrence layne dirt late model series results from southern raceway, and more.
november 9, 2019 -the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late models & world of outlaws sprint car results from the opening round of the world finals at charlotte.
november 7, 2019 -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from ricky weiss, brian birkhofer, brady bacon & jason rauen.
november 6,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from sam hafertepe jr. & blake hahn plus a southern all star late model series release and a durrence layne dirt late model series preview of the upcoming weekend's southern 100. 
november 5,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, pierce mccarter, lane seratt & logan roberson plus a world of outlaws sprint car championship preview. 
november 4,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tony stewart & rico abreu 
november 2,  2019  -the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from the dirt track at texas motor speedway and uscs sprint car results from hendry county motorsports park. 
november 1,  2019  -the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from the dirt track at texas motor speedway. 
october 31,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from hudson o'neal, blount motorsports, brad sweet & donny schatz. 
october 28,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from cade dillard, donald mcintosh, donny schatz, johnny herrera & rodney sanders plus a comp cams super dirt series preview of jackson motor speedway. 
october 27,  2019  -the news section has been updated with schaeffer's oil fall nationals late model results from 311 motor speedway. 
october 26,  2019  -the news section has been updated with world of outlaw sprint car results from port royal speedway. 
october 24,  2019  -the news section has been updated with the latest releases from devin moran & david seibers. 
october 22,  2019  -  i-30 speedway results are now posted. the news section has been updated with the latest releases from bryant marsh, rodney sanders & sam hafertepe jr. 
october 21,  2019  - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tyler erb, donny schatz, tony stewart & rico abreu plus a mars series sale announcement. 
october 20,  2019  - the news section has been updated with uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from lakeside speedway, the 2020 lucas oil late model dirt series schedule and lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park. 
october 19,  2019  - the news section has been updated with lucas oil ascs sprint car results from devil's bowl speedway, uscs sprint car results from chatham speedway, world of outlaws sprint car results from lakeside speedway and lucas oil late model dirt series results from portsmouth raceway park. 
october 17,  2019  - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from john carney ii, aaron reutzel, kyle bellm, brady bacon, cannon mcintosh & 
october 15,  2019  - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from david breazeale, logan roberson, dereck ramirez, rodney sanders & jesse lowe. a durrence layne dirt late model series point update, an ascs sprint car preview of devil's bowl speedway, an usmts modified preview of kennedale and southern all star late model results from talladega short track. 
october 14,  2019  - the news section has been updated with the latest releases from tony jackson jr., brandon hightower & jake knowles plus comp cams super dirt series results from lucas oil speedway, powri midget results from belle-clair speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from tri-state speedway. 
october 13,  2019  - the news section has been updated with a durrence layne dirt late model series results from talladega short track, lucas oil late model dirt series results from dixie speedway, lucas oil ascs sprint car results from creek county speedway, powri midget results from marion, and comp cams super dirt series results from lucas oil speedway. 
october 10,  2019  - the news section has been updated with a durrence layne dirt late model series preview of talladega short track and a flip/flop 50 cancellation announcement for riverside international speedway. 
october 8,  2019  - the news section has been updated with the latest release from jake knowles, sam hafertepe jr., jesse lowe, pearson jr., & eric cooley plus a lucas oil late model dirt series weekend preview, durrence layne weekly racing series update, and a comp cams super dirt series preview of lucas oil speedway. 
october 7,  2019  - the news section has been updated with a southern all star preview of talladega short track. 
october 6,  2019  - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from 411 motor speedway, results from the final night of the comp cams short track nationals, lucas oil late model dirt series results from pittsburgh, powri midget results from jacksonville speedway, durrence layne late mode series results from north alabama speedway, ascs warrior sprint car results from lake ozark speedway, and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway. 
october 5,  2019  - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from cherokee speedway, results from the opening night of the comp cams short track nationals, lucas oil late model dirt series results from raceway 7, powri midget results, durrence layne late mode series results from north alabama speedway and world of outlaws sprint car results from williams grove speedway.
october 4,  2019  - the news section has been updated with world of outlaws late model series results from lavonia speedway. 




















