



















february holidays 2025. daily national, international holiday.

















































holidayinsights.


home
daily holidays 

january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december


other holidays 

food holidays
garden holidays
birthdays
anniversaries
holiday fun
this day in history
u.s. federal holidays
holiday blog
how to create a day


major holidays 

christmas
halloween
thanksgiving
easter
independence day
valentines day
st patrick's day
chinese new years
memorial day
veteran's day
mlk (martin luther king) day


our community 

blog
gardeners network
garden hobbies
pumpkin nook
china unique


our recipes 

holiday recipes
garden recipes
apple recipes
pumpkin recipes
halloween party recipes
chinese recipes


contact








welcome to holiday insights for february 2025 












holiday insights.
february, 2025 daily calendar with holidays - national, international & special holidays!
big & small - we've got them all!






christmas
halloween
independence day
thanksgiving
valentines day
easter
daily holidays





 











holiday insights where every day of the year is a holiday, a bizarre or wacky day, an observance or special event. 



 join us in the daily calendar fun each and every day of the year. 



 


 
uncommon 2025 february daily holidays to make ordinary days extraordinary!



 
new traditions you can start with family and friends!



 
rare, unique, fun facts, and trivia to share!



 
recipes and games for everyday use!






whether you are seeking information for making a 2025 february holiday calendar for your organization or group, researching for a school report, or just having fun, you’ll find what you are looking for and more.snow and frigid temperatures continue this month. there’s light at the end of the tunnel, especially the further south you live. february brings plenty of holidays big and small to entertain us and warm our hearts.  







  











 







2025 february holiday happenings 



 


 




							daily february holidays						


						learn all about this month's daily holidays and special days.

					









 




							this month in history						


						discover the key historical events this month by day.


					









 




							famous birthdays this month						


						famous people share your birthday.					









 




							food holidays						


						celebrate with your favorite foods and snacks for the month.					














featured february 2025 daily holidays
 











feed the birds day 












 











 




							winter is hard on backyard birds						


						winter is hard on your backyard birds. the supply of natural food is dwindling. and, right now their food sources may be under several inches of snow. so, this holiday reminds us how important it is to supplement their sources of food by hanging one or two feeders filled with bird seed.
 
your backyard birds will thank you. additionally, you can watch them and other wildlife as they visit your feeders. watching them helps to make winter go by a little faster. 					














national pizza day 











 










 




							have a pizza pie!						


						pizza is one of america's favorite meals. we eat it for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late-night snacking, too. have it your way today, thick, thin, or deep dish. the versatile pizza comes with your choice of a seemingly endless choice of toppings.

pizza is so popular, that there are three other "pizza" days later in the year. we'll talk more about them as they arrive.					














chinese new year 












 











 




							tip your glass to the new year						


						let's celebrate the arrival of the year 4722. and, you thought it was 2024. billions of asians celebrate this holiday in a big way. you don't have to be of chinese or asian descent.  a fair number of non-asians celebrate chinese new year, too. also known as the chinese lantern festival, it is a 15-day event.

this holiday is celebrated with festivities, fireworks, brightly colored lights, special meals with family and friends, along with gift-giving. 					














polar bear day 












 











 




							he's one cool dude!						


						on this holiday, we celebrate the world's largest carnivore. polar bears are a favorite in zoos all around the country. so, it is only fitting that this denizen of the artic gets his, and her, special day. 

if you can't go on a polar expedition to see them today, go to your local zoo to see one. or, watch a documentary about these fascinating creatures.					














coming up 



coming up in march 



 







march is a huge month. the academy awards ceremony is held this month. the pessimists among us should “beware of the ides of march“. the rest of us will just enjoy a month of fun-filled holidays. in mid-month saint patrick’s day arrives and everyone is a little bit irish, if only for the day as we search for a lucky shamrock and a pot of gold. shortly after, spring officially arrives, bringing longer and warmer days. spring flowers will soon pop up all over. there are march national holidays and international days to celebrate and enjoy. fill your march calendar with these fun and quirky days. 






 
will your favorite movies, actors, and actresses win an oscar? we will find out soon.



 
winter slowly gives way to spring as the days grow longer.



 
 pre-season ends with mlb's opening day at the end of the month.



 
gardeners get their hands in dirt again as they begin their indoor plant starts for the coming season. 



 
march national holidays and international holidays abound.



 
our spring wardrobe replaces winter sweaters and coats.














a peak ahead to march holidays 














 




							national oreo cookie day						


						celebrate one of america's favorite cookies. grab a plateful of oreos and chow down. don't forget the glass of milk.					













 




							worship tools day						


						power tools, hand tools, yard, and garden tools, we love them all! now all we need is a project to work on.					













 




							live long and prosper day						


						for all sci-fi fans, and especially trekkies. it's a great day to binge-watch star trek movies and television episodes.					













 




							preview all the daily march holidays						


						choose among the many march national days, international, and special days. which days will you put on your monthly planning calendar?					















want to contact us? 



feel free to email us anytime for a quick response! 






contact us















 







did you know? 



there are thousands of daily calendar days. and, new ones are being created every year. learn how to create a holiday. 









 





 
holidays and special days documented so far. 

0













 






holiday recipes. 

0

















 






years  online. 

0













 






our network of websites.. 

0



















2024 february national and international holidays 











we hope you celebrate and enjoy all of the daily and weekly february holidays. at holiday insights, we do our best to provide you with accurate and in-depth information on each holiday and event. certainly, if we can improve your experience while on our website, please let us know. 














shop
please shop for:




all
composters
garden seeds & supplies
live plants
seed trays
soil testers
cell phones
clothing - fashions
electronic best sellers
groceries
kitchenware
health & beauty
home improvement








composters







garden seeds & supplies







live plants







seed trays







soil testers







cell phones







clothing - fashions







electronic best sellers







groceries







kitchenware







health & beauty







home improvement





 









 
      
      
      
      







holidayinsights.

 rochester, ny
 email: rmmatthews100@hotmail.com










useful links

 daily holidays
 major holidays
 daily birthdays
 this day in history
 our recipes



other links

 home page
 blog
 privacy policy
 contact us



our newsletter
join our free newsletter today!









        ©2000-2024 holidayinsights.com, all rights reserved
      

































