











henderson county public schools – every piece matters








































































































 






skip to main content







parents

athleticschild carechild nutritiondistance learningstandard response protocolenrollmentnotice of parental rightsparent portalschool menus
students

athleticsdistance learningstudent conductstudent services
staff

frontlinered roverhuman resourcesiampaystubstimekeeperprofessional developmentemployee evaluations
careersdistrict

about usadministrationboard of public educationboard policy manualdepartmentsfacility rental
newsroom

departmental open meetingslatest newspublic informationpublicationsschool calendarssit notices
education foundation


search




search












select a school




elementary schools
atkinson
bruce drysdale
clear creek
dana
edneyville
etowah
fletcher
glenn c. marlow
hendersonville elementary
hillandale
mills river
sugarloaf
upward



middle schools
apple valley
flat rock
hendersonville middle
rugby



high schools
east henderson
hc career academy
hc early college
hendersonville high
north henderson
west henderson













parents

admission affidavits
athletics
child care
child nutrition
distance learning
standard response protocol
enrollment
esl/migrant education
graduation requirements
inclement weather information
mental health resources
nc scholars requirements
notice of parental rights
parent portal
reassignment
school calendars
school menus
student services


students

admission affidavits
athletics
distance learning
graduation requirements
mental health resources
nc scholars requirements
school calendars
student code of conduct
student services


staff

frontline
red rover
human resources
paystubs
timekeeper
iam
professional development
employee evaluations


careers
newsroom

departmental open meetings
public information
publications
school improvement team notices
school calendars


district

about us
administration
board of public education
board policy manual
departments
facility rental


education foundation








important update

powerschool cybersecurity incident





standard response protocol




important
notice of parental rights















calendars



menus



parent portal



careers



transcripts



tip lines



covid dashboard








welcome to henderson county public schools
henderson county public schools is committed to providing all students the opportunity to learn and the encouragement to succeed in a safe environment.  we will honor the individual and nurture the potential of all children.
we are very proud of our school system and the accomplishments of our students and staff. we have a reputation of being one of the top school systems in the state, and we want to continue to achieve at high levels and provide a rich learning environment for our students. the success of our school system is due to our hardworking professionals, our parents, and the support of our community.
it is our vision that every student will achieve success and graduate as a life-long learner, globally competitive, prepared for career, college, and life. we continue to have one of the highest graduation rates in the state and our dropout rate continues to decline. all four of our middle schools have received national recognition for their emphasis on strong academics, sensitivity to adolescents’ needs and interest, and commitment to equal access to high-quality education; thus earning the designation as schools to watch. our sat and act scores continue to be above the state and national average. our schools continue to receive positive recognition for student performance on the north carolina abcs accountability model. our students excel in many extracurricular areas such as band, chorus, and athletics.






latest news





standing ovation: hcps musicians head to western region orchestra
posted on 02/18/2025

henderson county public schools (hcps) is proud to announce that 12 talented student musicians have been selected to participate in the prestigious western region orchestra (wro) clinic in boone, february 28-march 1, 2025. this achievement showcases the exceptional music education programs in our district and the dedication of our students and teachers. the wro auditions […]





healthy students, thriving schools: the vital role of henderson county’s school nurses
posted on 01/23/2025

when students are healthy, they can do their best in the classroom. that’s why the partnership between the henderson county department of public health and henderson county public schools (hcps) is so important. school nurses are employed by the health department and embedded in their school community. henderson county is fortunate to have a school […]





west henderson high school raises over $66,000 in 3rd annual mr. whhs pageant for hurricane helene victims
posted on 12/17/2024

on saturday, december 7, 2024, the west henderson high school (whhs) deca chapter hosted its 3rd annual mr. whhs pageant. this year’s event was a collaborative effort between henderson, mcdowell, and watauga counties to raise funds for families affected by hurricane helene. the students set an ambitious goal of $30,000 and more than doubled it, […]







this page was last modified by egvoncannon on jan 12, 2024 @ 9:34 am




central office


								414 4th ave. west

								
								hendersonville, nc 28739

								phone: (828) 697-4733


									fax: (828) 697-5541
								
							









important resources


								learn from home tech support
(828) 435-3480



								technology
(828) 890-1658



								maintenance
(828) 697-4992





								bus garage
(828) 697-4739



								child nutrition
(828) 891-6310



								digital children's reading initiative
nc dpi dcri webpage





								child care
(828) 891-2363



								central office
(828) 697-4733









henderson county public schools strives to ensure compliance with section 508 of the rehabilitation act and title ii of the americans with disabilities act. for more information or to notify us of issues or concerns, please visit the hcps web accessibility portal.


						


henderson county public schools does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its education programs or activities and is required by title ix of the education amendments act of 1972 and federal regulations to not discriminate in such a manner.  this requirement extends to admission and employment.  inquiries about the application of title ix and its implementing federal regulations may be referred to the title ix coordinator and/or the assistant secretary for civil rights at the u.s. department of education. please visit the hcps title ix coordinator information page for the appropriate district level contact information for henderson county public schools.




© 2025 henderson county public schools
website by integritive web design :: asheville, nc








×
some text in the modal..




























































