

kenai river cabins and salmon fishing at sterling, alaska














 
home


 
cabins


 
rates


 
fishing


 
photos


 
contact








 
 


 


 
 









the kenai river cabins 
at sterling, alaska
~ rental cabins & fishing









the kenai river  cabins at sterling, alaska

rental cabins and fishing. your base camp for  alaskan outdoor adventures!
located on the banks of the famous kenai river, our premier fully outfitted   cabins  sit on 5  acres of private waterfront with perhaps the best  salmon shore fishing on the river.  our  upscale vacation cabins are available for   your  use whether you are coming  to the kenai river for phenomenal   fishing, wildlife viewing, as an executive retreat or a good old   fashioned family sightseeing vacation. 






the eagles retreat cabin
our largest  kenai river cabin, which we call the
eagles retreat, offers   top notch lodging, with 3 bedrooms and sleeps up to 9, overlooking the river. you can prepare your meals  in   the fully equipped kitchen or barbeque your salmon on the deck bbq. after catching your limit of salmon from our private shoreline, you can sit   around our firepit
and tell fish stories.
for more cabin pictures, click here. 






the bear's den cabin
our newest  kenai river cabin, which we call the bear's den, offers   upscale lodging, with 2 bedrooms, and sleeps up to 4 people. you can prepare your meals  in   the fully equipped kitchen or barbeque your salmon on the  bbq; after catching your salmon from our private shoreline, you can sit   around our waterfront picnic table       and tell fish stories. 
          for more cabin pictures, click here



fishing the kenai  river of alaska from our private shoreline



bank fishing is included in all of our cabin rentals. our cabins  are the perfect location for your unguided or guided    fishing adventures with an  opportunity to enjoy the best shore fishing on the kenai river.  many of our guests  target the kenai river's huge run of red (sockeye) salmon from our private shoreline without the need for a guide. fishing  for red (sockeye) salmon from the shore of our kenai river   private frontage  is excellent during the peak season in july and august and is arguably   the very best bank fishing on the river. when  making reservations, please let us know your   fishing interests and we will be  happy to advise you on the best dates   for unguided fishing  or arrange fishing guide services   for  you as part of a lodging and fishing package.






optional guided fishing. the kenai river  is   famous for it's world class trophy rainbow trout fly-fishing and giant king   (chinook) salmon.    fishing for other  species such as silver (coho)  salmon is a favorite among many anglers and is frequently combined with trophy rainbow trout fishing in august and september. pink (humpy) salmon and dolly varden are also abundant in the kenai    river as well as in other nearby rivers such as the kasilof  river and   quartz creek.   we are  also only a short drive from saltwater, and     halibut fishing charters are  easily arranged. we can customize fishing and lodging packages to fit your needs including fly-out day trips.
 









 


for more         information, please follow the above links,
            visit us on facebook, or contact us at:
          

the kenai river       cabins 
        at sterling, alaska
        telephone:  (907) 242-7245

        email: richard@alaskaoutdoors.com 

          or 


      e-mail 
 




 
 © 2020, alaska internet marketing, inc. all rights reserved





