



  






craig shoemaker




























































☰





						craig shoemaker
					


cart





home




chickenship




special offers




shows




winning with laughter




epk




shop




videos




podcasts




contact















































































sign up for our shoesletter
keep in touch with craig. sign up for our monthly newsletter featuring upcoming show dates and more!





first name



last name




email address






shoesletter, please!






thank you!





craig shoemaker has had a career in show business, spanning over four decades as a stand up comedian, actor, author, writer and producer. he was named comedian of the year at the american comedy awards on abc and garnered two natas emmy awards. his 90-minute stand-up special, daditude, aired prime time on showtime network and was on the front page on netflix for several months. craig shoemaker has performed comedy for four us presidents, four solo comedy tv specials, won standup comedian of the year at the american comedy awards, appeared on broadway, is a two-time natas emmy award winner, a wga scribe, an award-winning tv/film producer, and best-selling author of a novel and two children’s books. craig is a prominent speaker and coach; the founder and creator of winning with humor live events, one-on-one coaching, and training system. craig has written, produced, and starred in two universal feature films, totally baked, and the lovemaster. he has recurred two times on parks & recreation, and has guest starred in such film and tv productions as pleasantville, scream 2, fuller house and fresh prince of bel air. craig is the producer/creator/host of the amazon prime shows, the wolf pac and comedy kitchen. shoemaker has been included on the imdb “top 100 stand up comics” list and had one of the top 20 stand up specials of all time on comedy central. based on his nonprofit foundation laughter heals, craig has spoken all over the world, including his acclaimed ted talk in ojai, ca. craig also founded winning with laughter, craig shoemaker's winning with laughter live events, one-on-one coaching and training system will help bridge gaps in the boardroom, break room, and the living room. science has proven that laughter is indeed the best medicine. winning with laughter's proven methods will give you insights how to reboot and transform from the inside out! 



comedymatt bourneinnovative artists(310) 656-5127matt.bourne@iala.com



theatricalabstract talent agency(818) 997-2875




    wolf pac - amazon prime series - click here
  



testimonial video











find out more about my winning with laughter program that teaches you how to use laughter as a tool in public speaking and life! 














































all rights reserved  |  © 2023  |  privacy policy  |  contact













