




elgin.edu | elgin community college (ecc)








 














































skip to content





































 





adult education


foundation


community


español
english







 









myelgin


accessecc


d2l


directory





search













 







admissions


pay for college


areas of study


















academics


student services


about
































ecc will be closed thursday, dec. 21 at 5 p.m. through tuesday, jan. 2 for winter recess. ecc will reopen wednesday, jan. 3. classes begin on tuesday jan. 16.







home






request information


visit campus


apply now




you'll fit right in.

education is an investment in your future. from graduates' higher salaries to lasting friendships, meaningful faculty interactions, and networking opportunities, studying at ecc sets you in the right direction for your future.












 









bookstore 










library 










arts center 










athletics 










latest news 










jobs at ecc 











connecting classrooms to careers
ecc excels at blending the practical with the theoretical. explore what makes us unique.

catalog
register



 






 
 world-class facultyyour educational journey at ecc is guided by faculty dedicated to your growth and success.
 generous scholarshipsget an outstanding education that expands your opportunities and earning power by saving tens of thousands on your degree.
 vibrant campus lifetaking classes on campus gives ecc its unique community feel with many online options to fit your busy lifestyle.
 community connectionsdeeply rooted in our community, we prepare tomorrow’s leaders with alliances with local companies and industry connections available when you finish your education.
















ecc admissions live chat







admissions live chat is open. search the faq or get live help now. preguntas frecuentes.
							  

how can we help?






 admissions live chat is closed. search the faq or email us at accessecc@elgin.edu. preguntas frecuentes.
							  

questions? email us.






 admissions live chat is unavailable; staff is currently away from the chat. search the faq or email us at accessecc@elgin.edu. preguntas frecuentes.
							  

questions? email us.






 admissions live chat is busy; staff is currently helping other students with registration and enrollment questions. search the admissions faq or email us at accessecc@elgin.edu. preguntas frecuentes.
							  

questions? email us.














admissions & recruitment live chat


loading chat, please wait.

close












130




programs







1,000+




transfer institutions







10




sports teams







170




student life events each year














ecc starts an exciting new chapter 
this marks an inspiring new chapter in the college’s history as we welcome dr. peggy heinrich as the ninth president. she will also be the first woman to hold this distinguished role at the college. we look forward to the positive impact she will make as we continue to build on ecc’s tradition of excellence, innovation, and community-centered education.



















browse areas of study









art, theatre, and music


business and information technology


career and technical programs


continuing education


culinary arts and hospitality


education and liberal arts


fire science and public safety


health professions


human and public services


manufacturing careers


science, engineering and math


all programs



















 

keeping up with ecc
hear from students, faculty, and staff about the incredible learning community in elgin through blog posts, news releases, and quick ecc stories.





upcoming events








feb 18


12-week spring session begins








feb 18


wioa information session








feb 18


bhm trailblazers at work: discussion panel








feb 19


short-term training career information session (corporate and community education/non-credit programs)








feb 19


north central college admissions rep visit








feb 19


elmhurst university admissions rep visit








feb 19


internship info session 








feb 19


seminario web especial: impacto de las decisiones federales recientes








feb 19


special webinar: impact of recent federal decisions








feb 20


aurora university admissions rep visit








feb 20


hsi strategic planning – community forum at the gail borden library 








feb 21


medical assisting information session - virtual










									view calendar









 

the elgin community college board of trustees appoints peggy heinrich, edd, as its ninth president and first female president.


read story


 


 

three elgin community college (ecc) students and a recent graduate received scholarships totaling $ 4,000 from the elgin hispanic network (ehn) earlier this month.


read story


 


 

this past year, the elgin community college (ecc) arts center celebrated 30 years of providing year-round performances of all kinds to the college and community. concluding this special year are two returning holiday-themed shows.


read story


 


 

elgin community college selects five employees to receive the 2025 national institute for staff and organizational development (nisod) excellence awards. the award recognizes outstanding faculty, staff, and administrators of community and technical colleges.


read story








more stories

























 












1700 spartan drive, elgin, il 60123




847-697-1000







legal notices


degrees & certificates


accessecc


contact us


sitemap








report a complaint


calendar


business


equity, diversity, and inclusion


accessibility









                      campus map














          © 2025 elgin community college. all rights reserved
        

























































 
-->
  




