



  


free group email and mass email newsletter software















































































































toggle navigation











home
editions
pricing
features
support
contact
free download
login
 

 








email newslettersmade easy




easy-to-use, email marketing and automation for fast growing businesses. send group email campaigns, automated messages and targeted newsletters with ease.

free download

editions & pricing









 

we have used groupmail successfully for several years. the software is superb. very easy to use and what little technical support we have needed has been excellent. i would highly recommend groupmail to any business with email at the heart of their marketing strategy. 
jon case ceo, school software solutions ltd















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 












one-time payment. no monthly fees. no per message charge.
30-day money back guarantee






personal

ideal entry level package
quick and easy list import
up to 3 delivery connections for faster sending
108 html template library
send direct – no smtp server required
send to an email list of unlimited size
manage multiple email lists
emails don’t contain groupmail links buy now 
 


business

perfect for business
power features like database linking
256 simultaneous connections for fastest sending
142 html template library
autoresponder to send welcome emails, reminders and more
easily manage bounce messages, subscribes etc.
share groups with multiple users
schedule messages when you are away buy now 
 


marketing

advanced marketing control
all groupmail features +
email tracking and reporting for 1 year(provided by insights)
opt-in form builder
database and address book integration
priority technical support for 1 year
spam score check
gdpr support buy now 
 
 
want to try it first? lite edition download
 








find out more...features and editions 














group email software
manage mass email newsletter and bulk email campaigns right from your computer.
one single upfront purchase…no monthly cost!no per message fees!





easy list management
create any number of email marketing lists and contacts. import recipients from practically any data source and easily manage new email subscriptions, bounces and unsubscribe requests.





privacy. guaranteed
don’t rely on others to safeguard your important customer data. all of your email lists and message data are stored safely and securely on your own computer for complete peace of mind…





real-time email tracking
find out who is opening your newsletter and clicking on the links in your bulk email. compare email campaigns to improve your results over time. export reports or create logins for important clients.





popular crm integration
link groupmail to popular list management products like act!, ms access, excel, outlook, sql server, oracle, clipper/dbase, filemaker, goldmine, mysql and others.





html design freedom
use the wysiwyg message editor, import your own email designs or use one of our stylish templates to get you started in seconds. no website or html design skills are needed.














gdpr revisited jan 29 - so what happened to the burning issue of 2018?   fearmongering about gdpr died down after it came into effect, but it is likely that the next few months will reveal the results of enforcement actions.     rob martin there’s … read morewhy draping emails in ‘velvet’ means festive campaign success dec 05 - with less than 4 weeks to go until christmas and a flurry of sales campaigns arriving into inboxes, velvet is proving to be a highly clickable buzzword.     rob martin   the period between black friday and christmas is one … read more






 



 








 


 





update notifications



update notifications
subscribe to receive groupmail updates via email.








get the latest updates first
        *











 

 blog  |  
why?  |  
insights  |  
partner  |  
terms  |  
privacy  |  
customers  |  
free email templates  |  
tech spec  |  
groupmail touch  |  
mac  |  
about
 






copyright © 1997 -  groupmail ltd. all rights reserved. 




























