




gardening and growing with the garden helper - garden helper, gardening questions and answers




















      the garden helper
    







basics

gardening for beginners



resources
usda plant zones
last frost dates
plants from seed
plant buying guide
garden glossary
gardening tool care
gardening tools


garden soil
garden soil
soil acidity
compost
fertilizer


gardening calendar
january
february
march
april
may
june


 
july
august
september
october
november
december







gardens

gardens
learn how to create and maintain gardens


gardening guides
flower gardens
shade gardens
vegetable garden
raised planting beds


butterfly gardens
hummingbird garden
container garden
water features







plants

plant groups



garden plants
annuals
perennials
vegetables
bulb type plants
flowering trees
vining plants
drought tolerant
butterfly flowers
hummingbird flowers
carnivorous plants


house plants
100 house plants
plant bugs
terrariums
dish gardens
terrarium plants
plants in pots
plant buying guide







problems



troubleshooting
plant insects
good bugs
sustainable gardening







forums



share your gardening knowledge with the gardener's forum - with 50,000 posts and thousands of participating members.
gardener's forum
gardening questions and answers







living



christmas cookies
gardening with kids













the garden helper
helping gardeners grow their dreams since 1997.
no-dash-here, you've found the real garden helper! gardening on the web since 1997






 



a golden pothos vine, epipremnum aureum

plant of the day

golden pothos epipremnum aureum 
golden pothos are one most popular of all house plants. they are attractive, durable and easy to grow vines that have smooth, leathery, heart shaped leaves with distinctive marbling alternating along rope-like green stems. pothos vines are among the top ten air purifying plants for indoor use. see web page






term of the day

epiphyte

a plant which grows on another plant but gets its nourishment from the air and rainfall. they do no damage to the host plant.
more definitions









gardening, flowers and house plant care
there are 31 days and 12 hours left until spring! what should you be doing in your garden right now? check our february gardening guide here.
winter gardening



  this time of year finds most people scurrying about with a long list of 'gotta-dos'.
  probably the last thing on anyone's mind is working in their gardens.
  fortunately, the list of winter gardening 'to-dos' is more like a list of 'don't-dos'

there are a few things to keep an eye on, and a few optional things you can do in the garden like
  transplanting trees and
    shrubs and taking some hardwood cuttings.
  your biggest concern will probably be tending to your house plants.

please don't forget about taking care of your
    feathered friends!
  keep your bird feeders cleaned and filled, especially when there is snow on the ground!

caring for your christmas tree




four generations of living christmas trees

  in 1851, the first christmas tree stand was set up on a street corner in new york city. today there are over 32
  million christmas trees sold each year in this country. there are over a million acres planted with christmas trees,
  employing about 100,000 people annually. for every real christmas tree harvested, 2 to 3 seedlings are planted in its
  place. the average six foot christmas tree will take six years to grow, but certain species may take as long as
  fifteen years to reach that height.
  whether you are going to use a living tree or a cut tree, there are a few important things you should know about selecting and caring for your christmas
    tree. the first consideration should be freshness, after all, you want to be sure that your tree will survive
  through the entire holiday season.
  don't get your tree any sooner than you have to, and then keep it in an unheated area such as a porch or garage to
  protect it from the elements until you are ready to decorate it.

feed the birds!




a baby bird sunning itself in...

  please! feed the birds and other small critters that may not be able to find food due to snow
  on the ground or other causes.
  for only a few dollars you can feed an enormous number of birds. you'll want them to stick around to help you in
  insect control when the weather warms again.

norfolk island pines
norfolk pine
    trees are native to norfolk island in the south pacific, where they may grow to a height of 80 feet, but they
  will maintain a reasonable size when grown in a container in your home.




the beauty and symmetry of the...


  norfolk island pines grow best in a cool room with day time temperatures of about 65° and slightly cooler at
  night,
  but never below 50 degrees!. drafts, extremes in temperature, and sudden changes in temperatures should be
  carefully avoided. norfolk pines need bright light but never full sun. preferably you should place your tree
  within four feet of a large window. norfolks can survive with only household incandescent or fluorescent
  lighting if they receive a minimum of 16 hours of light each day, but there is no substitute for bright, natural
  light.
  turn your norfolk island pine frequently to keep it symmetrical.

calendar of gardening tasks and projects
for a complete guide of the important tasks, maintenance and projects
  that should be done in your garden each month, check out the gardening calendars. these calendars were written
  primarily for gardeners in usda zones 7-8, but
  please don't let that stop you from reading if you happen to grow your garden in a colder or hotter region....
gardening tasks are the same, no matter where you live. in other zones, they are just done in a different month! if
  you do your gardening is in cooler or warmer regions, browse the months before and after the current month for
  reminders of anything you forgot to do, and projects that you have to look forward to.
  this should allow you to plan your seasonal gardening activities well in advance,
  and help keep your plants and flowers looking their very best.
winter blooming house plants
christmas and thanksgiving cactus, jade plants and poinsettias are short day plants that bloom
  in reaction to the natural shortening of the days in fall.
holiday cactus schlumbergera hybrids




three christmas and holiday cactus blooming...

  holiday cactus are capable of blooming at almost any time of the year by manipulating their light and temperature. the
  natural changes of daylight hours will usually trigger blooming of these different holiday cactus to coincide with
  their
  named holiday. in the fall, reduce watering and keep your christmas cactus cooler 60°-65° at night. protect
  from
  artificial light during night time hours. increase watering and resume feeding when the flower buds appear.
  christmas cactus and other
    holiday cactus do not like to be moved to a different location once they set their buds. rapid environmental
  changes can cause the flower buds to quickly drop.

poinsettia euphorbia pulcherrima




red poinsettia plants in bloom, euphorbia...

  in order for you to 'set' the time of blooming for christmas, poinsettia plants must be
  subjected to 14 hours of total darkness per day with a night temperature of 50° beginning in mid-september.
  this can be accomplished by placing your plant in a closet or unlit room, or by covering the plant with black cloth,
  black plastic frame or a cardboard box.
  at this stage, any light, even turning on a light bulb in the room for a few seconds will delay the bloom for up
    to
    a day! your poinsettia plant should be returned to the light each day and given a minimum of 4 hours
  of
  direct sun.

jade plant crassula argentea




a jade plant in bloom, crassula...

  typically, all healthy, mature jade plants will bloom, usually around christmas in
  the
  northern hemisphere. their blooming is triggered by the natural shortening of the daylight hours. if your jade tree is
  in a room that usually has lights turned on at night, it will more than likely fail to bloom for you.
  sometime in september or early october, move your jade plant into
  their 'no night light' environment. find a suitable area that seldom has the lights on at night but receives good,
  natural light during the day.

amaryllis hippeastrum




an amaryllis plant with pink flowers...


  plant amaryllis
    bulbs 8 weeks before you would like them to bloom.
  bulbs can be planted at two week intervals, from september through february
  to ensure non-stop winter bloom, until may.
  plant in a well-drained, sterile potting medium, using a standard 6-inch diameter pot.
  be sure that the pot has adequate drainage holes.


gardening for beginners
if you are a new or less experienced gardener who wants to start a new garden for the first time, i suggest that you begin here...

gardening 101: garden basics: zone maps, charts, guides and more.
gardening 101: deciding what kind of garden you'd like to grow.
gardening 101: preparing the planting site to grow your new garden.
gardening 101: how to plant container grown plants into the garden
gardening 101: how to sow and grow new plants from seed.
gardening 101: planting and growing a vegetable garden.
how to grow, maintain and care for your house plants













search the garden helper:






share this page:























about the garden helper
 the garden helper is a free gardening encyclopedia and guides to growing and caring for gardens, plants and flowers. helping gardeners grow their dreams since 1997. no-dash-here.




the garden helper

the gardener's forum
forum archive

garden calendar

gardening in february

gardening basics

planting & growing

plants by group

garden specific plants

house plants

plant buying guide

plant hardiness zones

pests & problems

start seed indoors

garden tool care

garden glossary

plant care icons

plant buying guide

plant index

encyclopedia

cookies!






© 1997-2025 advameg, inc. | page sitemap

the garden helper may not be reproduced or distributed for any purpose without our written consent.

▲ back to top






×close









