













history today | the world’s leading serious history magazine


























































      skip to main content
    


















user menu logged out


subscribe


sign in





subscriptionoffers
give a gift






enter your keywords








subscribe


search


toggle navigation








main menu


home


the magazine


subscribe


buy the current issue


explore the digital archive


institutions


reviews


sign in













mini header menu


search


magazine


latest


subscribe




subscribe











 






history matters
searching for the soul of the beaver
are beavers beasts or fish? for medieval philosophers, this was an important question with implications for the dining table.

polina ignatova



 






feature
war and wilderness
british soldiers fighting in the american revolutionary war were unprepared for the terrain awaiting them across the atlantic. many thought that america was determined to destroy them; some felt it had succeeded.

vaughn scribner



 






history matters
adolphe sax’s brass wars
a battle of wills between adolphe sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century france saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold.

josé-modesto diago ortega



 






feature
portugal, the mamluks, and the age of discovery
for the portuguese empire to rise, an old world had to give way. rivals in europe’s lucrative spice trade, how much did they know about the powerful mamluk sultanate?

sanjay subrahmanyam






today’s featured articles




 

history mattersthe romantic reputation of john keatson his death, john keats and his work looked sure to be forgotten. why is his poetry now so well-loved?
amy wilcockson
 

history mattersrichard nixon’s opening to china and closing the gold windowlike president trump, nixon made a virtue of unpredictability. in the case of his china strategy, this paid off while his decision to close the gold window did not.
iwan morgan
 

featureorkney’s saga: the islands between kingdomsis orkney scandinavian or scottish? having passed from the former to the latter during the middle ages, for centuries the danish crown sought to take the islands back.
peter marshall












 








most recent








 





 history matters




adolphe sax’s brass wars


a battle of wills between adolphe sax and musical instrument makers in 19th-century france saw an unprecedented legal contest unfold.









 





 feature




the firebombing of tokyo


american air raids on japan’s capital burned the city in march 1945, killing 80,000 people in one night alone. ‘had to be done,’ said the general who ordered it. 









 





 months past




diocletian’s great persecution


on 23 february 303 roman emperor diocletian embarked on his great persecution of the empire’s christians. why?









 





 feature




the great german peasants’ war


more than 100,000 people took up arms across the holy roman empire in the spring of 1525. what drove them? and why were they ultimately crushed?









 





 history matters




searching for the soul of the beaver


are beavers beasts or fish? for medieval philosophers, this was an important question with implications for the dining table.









 





 review




‘the crowd in the early middle ages’ by shane bobrycki review


a tool for tyrants... or their undoing? the crowd in the early middle ages by shane bobrycki crafts a history for the medieval mob.









 





 interview




on the spot: geoffrey parker


‘what historical topic have i changed my mind on? i underestimated the role of women.’









 





 review




‘the brothers grimm: a biography’ by ann schmiesing review


the brothers grimm: a biography by ann schmiesing brings folklore’s most famous double act out of the shadowy realm of legend.








more articles




current issue




 
 


image
 


 
 
in the february issue:
the destruction of medieval england’s jews, british soldiers in the american revolutionary war, unreported murder in east germany, ‘mad duchess’ elizabeth cavendish, and more.
plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more!
you can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the uk, or read it as a digital edition via the history today app.
 
 














popular articles










diocletian’s great persecution













adolphe sax’s brass wars













the romantic reputation of john keats













‘augustus the strong’ by tim blanning review













searching for the soul of the beaver













‘the price of victory’ by n.a.m. rodger review










alternative histories


 









recent issues




 
 
volume 75 issue 2 february 2025mamluks, revolutionary america, medieval jews
 
 

 
 
volume 75 issue 1 january 2025kashmir, leipzig trials, renaissance prague
 
 

 
 
volume 74 issue 12 december 2024byzantine empire, lutheran organs, victorian detectives
 
 

 
 
volume 74 issue 11 november 2024medieval monks, duelling, roman elections
 
 





see all back issues
buy back issues













x
get miscellanies, our free weekly long read, in your inbox every week















footer menu


about


masthead


contact


jobs


advertising


rss feeds


submit an article


back issues


binders


cookie policy


awards


students


privacy policy


terms of use


twitter


instagram




© copyright 2025 history today ltd. company no. 1556332.








































