















home - mystic valley elder services



























































make a payment
careers
information, referral & enrollment
data privacy incident
 

                            translate to                        

select languageafrikaansalbanianamharicarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbengalibosnianbulgariancatalancebuanochichewachinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)corsicancroatianczechdanishdutchenglishesperantoestonianfilipinofinnishfrenchfrisiangaliciangeorgiangermangreekgujaratihaitian creolehausahawaiianhebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicigboindonesianirishitalianjapanesejavanesekannadakazakhkhmerkoreankurdish (kurmanji)kyrgyzlaolatinlatvianlithuanianluxembourgishmacedonianmalagasymalaymalayalammaltesemaorimarathimongolianmyanmar (burmese)nepalinorwegianpashtopersianpolishportuguesepunjabiromanianrussiansamoanscottish gaelicserbiansesothoshonasindhisinhalaslovaksloveniansomalispanishsudaneseswahiliswedishtajiktamilteluguthaiturkishukrainianurduuzbekvietnamesewelshxhosayiddishyorubazulu





search

search














mystic valley elder services


mystic valley elder services

 








about us

overview
our mission & values
history
leadership
our community
press & media
story posts
financials & reports


services & programs

overview & program list
information & referral
options counseling
at-home care
nutrition
caregivers
transportation
protective services
health benefits counseling (shine)
healthy aging programs
integrated care programs
behavioral health
community transition liaison program
technology access program (tap)


join us

career opportunities

our culture


volunteer opportunities
doing business with mves

provider contracting




support our mission

overview
donate now
g.e.m. (giving each month)
independence legacy society
events
emergency closet
cars program
corporate and foundation supporters
gap endowment fund
memorial gifts


donate now
contact us
 













 




 


coming soon to a stage near you…
our annual spring fundraiser is part murder-mystery, part comedy, and 100% fun! a benefit performance of "the play that goes wrong" will take place april 10 at greater boston stage co. in stoneham. proceeds benefit underfunded programs at mves and help us empower older adults and people with disabilities to live independently.
learn more








 




 


my life, my health
mves is offering a course in chronic disease self-management. it's free and you can take it from the comfort of your home! click to learn more about the course.
learn more








 




 


join us!
looking for a new career or a volunteer opportunity?
learn more








 




 


living well and independently at home
our home care nurses and care managers help older adults find the services they need
to remain independent in their homes.
learn more








 




 


caregivers need care too
we can help you and your loved one live better and feel more supported as you take on
a caregiving role.
learn more






previous
next











welcome to mystic valley elder services!
view our video to learn more about us.

(click here for the spanish version)
 
mystic valley elder services promotes the health and independence of older adults, adults living with disabilities, and caregivers residing in urban and suburban communities north of boston, including chelsea, everett, malden, medford, melrose, north reading, reading, revere, stoneham, wakefield and winthrop. through our direct services, care coordination, and network of business partners, we can help you access the support you need to live the life you want.




quality care for a quality life
we’re here for you. we partner with more than 20,000 individuals and caregivers every year, offering an array of services that help older adults and adults living with disabilities live with dignity in a place they choose. together, we can build a care plan that meets your needs, budget, and personal goals.






our services
take a look through our most popular services and programs. note that this is just an introduction. every individual’s circumstances differ, and the plan we develop will be unique to you!




information & referralat-home carenutritioncaregiver supporttransportationhealth benefits counseling (shine)healthy aging programsprotective servicesoptions counselingintegrated care programsbehavioral healthcommunity transition liaison programtechnology access program – tap




information & referralresource specialists offer free advice and referrals from our extensive database of local, state, and national resources. they connect individuals and caregivers to the best available resources to meet their needs and many of those can be provided by mystic valley elder services.
detailsat-home carea range of programs for older adults who wish to remain in their own homes. services include in-home assessment, development of a care plan, and delivery of at-home and community-based services.
detailsnutritionhealthy, satisfying meal services and nutrition counseling to support a quality life. options include meals on wheels for older adults who are unable to provide meals for themselves and are at nutritional risk and dining programs where older adults and other adults can access a nutritious lunch in a community setting.
detailscaregiver supportresources designed for caregivers, including those who work full time or support family from a distance. services include in-home assessments and caregiver education in areas including memory loss, home safety, and respite care.
detailstransportationtransportation coordinators help individuals access transportation options in their communities.
detailshealth benefits counseling (shine)trained counselors provide individuals with no-cost, confidential counseling and unbiased information regarding medicare, medicaid, health insurance and prescription drug options.
detailshealthy aging programshealthy living programs that provide evidence-based workshops to teach individuals about the prevention and management of chronic diseases and other health concerns.
detailsprotective servicesthe protective services program is dedicated to protecting the health, safety and legal rights of an individual over the age of 60 who has been abused, neglected, financially exploited or is at risk of harm due to self-neglect.
detailsoptions counselingoptions counseling is a free interactive, short-term process to empower individuals in need of assistance and supports to make an informed choice about the settings and services that best meet their needs to help them remain independently in the community.
detailsintegrated care programsintegrated care programs senior care options (sco), one care, and ltss care partners programs assist masshealth eligible seniors and disabled adults with accessing long term services and supports, community resources, and public benefits.
detailsbehavioral healthbehavioral health support for ages 60+ that meets you where you are.
detailscommunity transition liaison programworking with patients, families and nursing facilities to help individuals transition back to their community. 
detailstechnology access program – taphelping older adults remain independent and engaged through improved accessibility and training in technology.
details




featured events










featured news




mves grants enhance programming for older adultsread moreovernight warming centers: winter 2024-2025 read morethe year in review at mvesread moregiving tuesday 2024read moresave on fuel costs this winterread more









join us in our mission!
subscribe to our e-newsletter the beacon to stay up-to-date on mves programs and opportunities.





first name last name email address*

captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 sign up 



















 

 

 

 








mystic valley elder services

info@mves.org

781-324-7705
tty 781-321-8880



                                                    300 commercial street #19, malden ma 02148                                                                            view map


follow us!






















 













©2025 mystic valley elder services all rights reserved

secure email login
staff login
privacy policy
mass options
 






 






































