


















	snyder industries: poly tanks | ibc totes | bins | containers | pallets





























register
login












menu






search





home


products


industries


about


faq


news


contact


careers


shop





















 





call toll free
1 888 422 8683









call direct
402 467 5221





email us
sales@snydernet.com















































storage solution experts


more than 50 years of experience dedicated to providing customers with cost-effective application and bulk handling container solutions manufactured to exceed their safety and performance requirements.

all products get in touch shop direct




















material handling solutions
snyder industries is a recognized global leader in the manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered durable product solutions designed to meet the unique performance requirements for a wide variety of applications in a growing number of industries.
				
more about us














products
snyder industries offers the broadest product selection in most categories, and … 
					














industries
being able to serve a broad range of markets is one of snyder industries greatest strengths …
					














our brands







bonar plastics, a brand of snyder industries, designs and manufactures material handling container solutions for both standard and custom design configurations.






stratis pallets, a brand of snyder industries, provides material handling pallet solutions in both standard and custom pallet designs for a variety of markets, and chemicals.






snyder's polyyard® factory outlet offers factory second plastic tanks, which have been discounted for not meeting our high quality standards for a variety of reasons including cosmetics.













product solutions










above ground tanks
the industry's broadest range of tanks, optimized for performance in agriculture, water and industrial chemical applications.
					










material handling bins
bonar plastics brand markets a line of material handling bins, insulated containers and portable hoppers for a variety of industries.
					










intermediate bulk containers
plastic, steel, & composite ibcs are designed to handle a wide array of applications, including hazardous material transportation.
					













below ground tanks
onsite tank applications are serviced by a full range of underground tanks, like water cisterns, septic and pump tanks.
					










specialty fluid solutions
innovative storage & dispensing tank products for bulk lubricants & other equipment fluids are ideal solutions for engine maintenance applications & services.
					










pallet systems
snyder is the largest manufacturer of solid wall and steel reinforced plastic pallets. stratis pallets are uniquely designed to meet specific application requirements.
					













waste containers
be it hazardous medical waste, recycling receptacles, or refuse containers for special equipment applications, snyder provides a wide variety of waste disposal solutions.
					










custom
regardless of the size and performance requirements, snyder has the engineering expertise to custom design a product to meet the most demanding application challenges.
					















industry solutions





agriculturecontainment and dispensing of liquid and dry granular materials.





industrial chemicalsolutions for the most demanding chemical applications.





oil & gassolutions for both drilling and production operations.





food & beveragemaximize efficiency and sanitation practices.





water & wastewaterprotecting earth’s most valuable resource.





refuse & waste disposalresponsible care in disposal and recycling.





printing & packagingimproving productivity, safety, and sustainability.





pharmaceutical & cosmeticssafe, sanitary storage and process solutions.





paint coatings & dyesmatching product solutions with application challenges.





lubes, greases & defdistributing or delivering high viscosity greases and specialty lubricants.





wine & spiritsmaturation and fermentation solutions.





other industry nichessolutions for a growing number of markets.

















let's get in touch
				have a question or not sure which solution fits your needs?
			



call us
1 888 422 8683





email us
sales@snydernet.com


find a dealer or salesperson 















					corporate headquarters
					6940 o street, suite 200
					lincoln, nebraska 68510
					phone: 402-467-5221
					fax: 402-465-1220
				













quick links


about


news


contact


careers


privacy policy


terms of use


california supply chains act








resources


stratis pallets


bonar plastics







shop

					browse and buy our selection of plastic bins, containers, pallets, tanks, accessories and more!
				

shop.snydernet.com 
























also of interestwater storage tanksseptic and pump tanksmedical waste containers















copyright 2025 by snyder industries





















