






startunz productions – web design for cultural creatives
























































 








skip to content




 







home
contact
order services
cart
checkout
blog
my account
testimonials
just here to pay your invoice?
menu 



search for:













home


you’ve got an incredible talent, product, or service that you want to share with the world.  but how do you translate your ideas into a website that embodies your unique vision?  where do you begin?
we’re a full-service internet support company.  here’s how we can help you:

web design specifically tailored for the creative & consciousness community
domain name registration
hosting packages
site maintenance services
security and ssl for your website
shopping carts installed
social media integration
social media management services
custom graphics
custom audio

and we’ve been doing all of this since 1995.

most of our clients originally found us by word-of-mouth – we have happy clients!


create a site that expresses your vision, while guiding you into good web design practice and seo, to help get your site seen and remain relevant.
create a site that is up to the latest internet standard, and that is “responsive” and changes size for various devices.
guide you into keeping your site secure and protected with ssl, firewalls, encryption, spam assassin, and automated backups.
integrate your site with your preferred social media sites.
manage your social media presence to promote your products and/or site: we offer weekly and monthly subscriptions from frequent to daily postings on a variety of platforms
automate emails to your subscribers so that they are notified each time you create a blog.
build image galleries, incorporate videos, and audio files if necessary to showcase your art and or other products.
optionally, we can also build the structure of your site and allow you to add your own products.  we offer coaching to help you learn how to use a personalized content management system interface, as well as posting blogs.
reular site maintenance is available to keep everything up to date and secure on your site
we’ll also guide you to the most ethical and professional companies online if you need them.


we will  help you choose and buy a domain name, build your site, host it, automate back ups, and be there for you when you need us… all while respecting and translating your vision into a site that will be an asset to your creative business.
contact us!











startunz productions; all rights reserved 
a siteorigin theme



















