
































welcome to gw university hospital | washington, dc





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


202-715-4000202-715-4000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: virtual health 
behavioral health 
breast care center 
cancer center 
center for trauma and critical care 
colon and rectal surgery 
ear, nose and throat 
emergency services 
endocrinology 
gw heart (cardiology and cardiac surgery) 
gw immediate and primary care 
gastroenterology and gi surgery 
kidney 
lgbtq services 
liver and pancreas 
neurology and neurosurgery 
orthopedics 
radiology 
rehabilitation 
rheumatology 
spine and pain center 
stroke center 
surgery 
transplant 
urology 
weight-loss surgery 
women's services 
wound healing 


patients & visitors patient information: inpatient accommodations 
your health team 
phone directory 
nominate a caregiver 
the international patient program 

patient services: health records online 
online registration – regie 
spiritual care 
language services 
no surprises act 
obtaining your medical records 
price guide 

billing and insurance: online bill pay 
accepted insurance 
health insurance marketplace 

visitors: visitor information 
maps, directions, parking 
patient and visitor services 
gift shop 
area hotels 
send note to patient 


events programs: volunteering 
senior advantage program 


about about us testimonials 
news 
awards and accreditations 
ask the ceo 
hospital leadership 
board of directors 
ways to give 
contact us 

resources blog 
health risk assessments 
podcasts 
youtube 
good morning washington spotlight on your health videos 
articles for physicians 
patient education library 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 






































among the best for quality care in washington dc metro 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    





how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
health risk assessments from gw hospital
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
start now


    
   
sports medicine program
taylor is back performing in the circus after surgery and physical therapy at gw hospital.
learn more


    
   
a gluten-free safe spot
we are the first hospital in the dc area to be gluten-free certified.
learn more


    
   
cardiology and cardiac surgery
advanced heart healthcare at gw hospital.
learn more


 


previous next 








































first orthopedic surgeon to complete separate spine fellowships in orthopedics and neurosurgery, rachel bratescu, md, joins gw hospital

first orthopedic surgeon to complete separate spine fellowships in orthopedics and neurosurgery, rachel bratescu, md, joins gw hospital
the george washington university hospital welcomes rachel bratescu, md, to the spine and pain center.
read 

vascular surgeon anton n. sidawy, md, is the american college of surgeons president-elect

vascular surgeon anton n. sidawy, md, is the american college of surgeons president-elect
dr. sidawy is a professor of surgery and the lewis b. saltz chair of surgery at the george washington university school of medicine and health...
read 

gw hospital announces latest technology integration to its imri for neurosurgical procedures

gw hospital announces latest technology integration to its imri for neurosurgical procedures
mri-guided focused ultrasound is used to treat drug refractory essential tremor and parkinson’s disease.
read 




blog


at the  george washington university hospital blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 20, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 20, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

the science behind mindset and weight loss

the science behind mindset and weight loss december 12, 2024 
	having difficulty progressing in your weight-loss journey? here’s how considering your mental health could help. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









facts & numbers
at the george washington university hospital

0

                    'top doctors' at our hospital                


0

                    dedicated healthcare professionals                


0

                    yearly visitors                




 
















the george washington university hospital900 23rd street, nw, washington, dc 20037202-715-4000202-715-4000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news
employee health portal



facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin
youtube









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither the george washington university hospital, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
terms of use
privacy policy
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency



© 2025 george washington university hospital. all rights reserved.








 







