






saint james school of medicine | a leading medical school in the caribbean








































































home page


programs



4-year md program

basic sciences
clinical sciences



5-year md program


partnership pre-med programs


usce program


accreditation




admissions



admission process


tuition and fees


financial assistance


scholarships


info for canadian students


info for india students


transfer to sjsm


immigration


meet our advisors


usmle guarantee


for parents




about sjsm



history and mission


25 years of excellence


trustees


faculty


about st. vincent


testimonials


diversity at sjsm


careers


infographic


research at sjsm




what's happening



upcoming open houses


news


blogs




newsletters




resources



sjsmcentral


alumni


downloads


code of ethics and honor code


faqs


student referral network


student support


academic calendar


library


sjsm store




graduate success



graduate success


residency placements


residency data


sjsm doctors




photo gallery

new campus 2024








next enrollment deadline: may 02, 2025 for more information call 800-542-1553 now.



 

apply now
see if you qualify
events















celebrating 25 years of quality medical education










new campus phase 1 complete
learn more






7 out of 8 students would recommend sjsm to friends and family*
*based on 265 survey responses conducted in december 2024.
ready to step up?






celebrating 25 years of success
more info






a top, accredited caribbean medical school
our md program






an affordable medical education
apply for summer 2025








about us 



our program 



accreditation 



tuition & fees 






saint james school of medicine

saint james school of medicine is a distinguished private, family-owned institution with a proud tradition of offering quality medical education that remains accessible and affordable. our commitment to cultivating outstanding future physicians is rooted in a personalized approach to education, ensuring that each student receives the support and guidance needed to thrive in their medical careers. with a focus on innovation and excellence, saint james school of medicine continues to be a beacon for those aspiring to make a meaningful impact in healthcare.












our md program

we offer you an accredited, affordable, hands-on medical school education, to prepare you for a long, rewarding medical career. our top accredited caribbean medical school md program covers the basic and clinical sciences. the 10-semester program is taught in english and takes you through step 1 and step 2 of usmle, to your graduation with your doctor of medicine (md) degree.



basic sciences 
clinical sciences 








20 months in the caribbean






















caribbean
              medical school campus

experience our caribbean medical school campus, offering a close supportive community with tutoring, mentoring, opportunities for peer-led learning, student clubs, and activities. st. vincent, the largest island in the island nation of st. vincent and the grenadines, provides an ideal environment for your medical education. located in the lesser antilles, east of puerto rico, st. vincent offers a beautiful and enriching setting for your studies.

explore the st. vincent campus










$320k +
scholarships
      awarded in 2024


800 +
licensed
      physicians


25 +
years of quality
      medical education


7 out of 8
students
      recommend sjsm










sjsm does not require
mcat

at saint james school of medicine (sjsm), we believe that admissions is a holistic process. in fact, the association of american medical colleges (aamc) provides recommendations on how mcat scores should be used in admissions, specifically recommending that mcat scores should not outweigh an applicant’s other materials. based on these facts, sjsm looks at the entire application of the student.

request info










success stories

our students and alumni say it best. success of our school is attributed to the amazing students who have overcome many obstacles and adversity to become successful physicians. check out some of their stories.

see more stories







my sjsm story - dr. naveed ahmed






my sjsm story - darren ramcharan






my sjsm story - dr. shivani sareen






my sjsm story - dr. austin thompson






my sjsm story - dr. yaya besong






my sjsm story - dr. jamal nuh






my sjsm story - dr. sonya shaikh






my sjsm story - dr. simeon miles






my sjsm story - amoi black






my sjsm story - dr. hoa nguyen






my sjsm story - dorian divine













diversity in sjsm

at saint james, we understand and encourage diversity. it’s part of what makes us special.
we offer opportunities to caribbean medical school students from the u.s. and canada who come from many cultural and ethnic backgrounds. we also encourage older students to apply; age can make it more difficult to gain admittance to american and canadian schools.
our professors also come from a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds, allowing students to immerse themselves in the same multicultural professional relationships they will encounter in the future.

learn more










basic science faculty qualifications:
md: 55%, phd: 29%, md/phd: 13%, mbbs/msph: 3%











student gender:
female: 55%, male: 45%











student age:
20-29: 34.65%, 30-39: 43.24%, 40-49: 14.15%, 50-59: 6.09%, 60-69: 1.70%, 70+: 0.18%











student citizenship:
united states: 63.59%, canada: 23.14%, other: 13.27%











faculty rank:
associate professor: 39%, professor: 32%, assistant professor: 29%











student race:
black / african american: 33%, asian: 24%, white: 19.89%, hispanic / latino: 6.39%, other: 16.71%












not sure if you have what it takes to join a medical program?
see if you qualify









canadian students

saint james school of medicine offers you a high quality medical education at an affordable price; a credible alternative to medical universities in canada. sjsm support you every step of the way from entry into the program all the way through residency to ensure your success.
learn why many students from canada choose sjsm for their medical eduation.

get started

















new campus
phase 1 complete


join us as we celebrate a monumental milestone in the history of saint james school of medicine (sjsm) – the grand opening of our brand-new campus in golden vale, st. vincent! this special event, held on october 17, 2024, marks not only the inauguration of our new facility but also the 25th anniversary of our mission to provide world-class medical education.
the ceremony was honored by the presence of the honorable prime minister of st. vincent and the grenadines, dr. ralph gonsalves, along with other distinguished government officials. we also unveiled a commemorative plaque thanking the government and the people of st. vincent for their incredible support in bringing this project to life.

learn more










open house events


san diego, ca


when:
saturday, march 01, 2025


registration:
1:30 pm


where:
san diego marriott la jolla
4240 la jolla village dr, la jolla, ca 92037



register now
view more



houston, tx


when:
sunday, march 16, 2025


registration:
1:30 pm


where:
jw marriott houston by the galleria
5150 westheimer road
houston, texas



register now
view more











sjsm blog
read all blogs 








the caribbean med school revolution: imgs are taking over!

for years, caribbean medical schools have been met with skepticism, often dismissed with the outdated stereotype of students sipping cocktails on the beach rath...




february 12, 2025

read more 














beyond the books: how sjsm’s basic sciences program builds future doctors

medical school is not just about memorizing textbooks or acing exams; it’s about transforming ambitious students into knowledgeable, compassionate doctors rea...




january 29, 2025

read more 














wildfires and public health: lessons for future doctors

as wildfires continue to grow in frequency and intensity, their impact stretches far beyond the immediate destruction of land and property. wildfires present si...




january 22, 2025

read more 












check out our gallery

let us show you what the life of sjsm student is all about.  check out our photo and video gallery below and immerse yourself in the life of a medical student.







see more








accreditations and recoginitions

sjsm is proud to announce that we are in an elite category of being accredited by the principal accrediting body that operates in the caribbean.
























our
podcasts






med school minutes- ep. 48- imgs & residency: the real story with dr. youssef majed
• february 10, 2025










med school minutes- ep. 47- ai in medicine: a talk with the father of virtual assistant
• november 22, 2024








med school minutes- ep. 46- 5 countries, 1 passion: a med school journey across borders
• november 12, 2024








see more










follow us on instagram








your career in medicine
          starts today!
apply now












 


contact us
our admissions office is open
          monday-friday 8am-6pm cst

 800 542 1553
 847 375 0543
 847 298 2375
 info@mail.sjsm.org



navigation

md program
admissions
about st. vincent
about us
careers
events & blogs
graduate success
privacy policy









next enrollment deadline: may 02, 2025 for more information call 800-542-1553 now. | © saint james school of medicine 2025




 
apply now
request more info














open house

register now 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.

accept
learn more




