



 



the chemical institute of canada

























































































































 


search

run search now






login



join
job board
donate





about us

equity, diversity, and inclusion
chemical institute of canada (cic)

cic call for nominations
2024 cic agm


canadian society for chemistry (csc)

2024 csc agm
csc call for nominations


csc accreditation
canadian society for chemical engineering (csche)

2024 csche agm


chemical education fund
cic national team
cic careers


membership

join now / renew
membership prices and options
membership benefits
student membership prices and options
student membership benefits
training courses
insurance discounts
membership designations
hear from our members
frequently asked questions


job board
conferences

csc 2025 ottawa – chemistry
scgch 2025 montréal –  génie chimique
csche 2025 montréal – chemical engineering
x2026 toronto – chemistry | chemical engineering
csche 2025 call for organizing committee
archived conferences
affiliated conferences​
outreach

canadian chemistry contest
national chemistry week
national crystal growing competition




cic virtual

cic talks

cic talks archive


wide-virtual seminar series
seminar series

bm-virtual seminar
corgi-virtual seminar
chem ed-virtual seminar
en-virtual seminar
energy-virtual seminar
gidw
msed-virtual seminar
psm-virtual seminar
ptc-virtual seminar
rubber-virtual seminar




cic news

press release
in memoriam
news archives


communities

student chapters
local sections
subject divisions
working for inclusion, diversity, and equity (wide) committee
member resource groups

cwic – canadians working for inclusivity in chemical sciences, engineering and technology network
pride member resource group


nserc-chemistry liaison committee (nclc)
canadian programs in the chemical sciences and engineering
partnerships / relationships


journal

celebrating 100 volumes
discover cjce
open access advantages
submit your article


awards

awards deadlines
awards policy
cic awards

cic fellowship
honorary fellowships


csc awards
csche awards
green awards
cnc/iupac travel awards
student awards and competitions


 


 menu					














canadian chemistry conference and exhibitionregister and save at the early bird rate by mar. 27register nowcanadian chemical engineering conferencechemical engineering in an ai world: a pioneer of sustainabilitysubmit your abstract nowx2026canadian societies for chemistry  and chemical engineering 2026  conferences and exhibition, hosted by the csc and cschelearn more  






















						cic job board					

						launch your career					

















						membership purchases are closed for 2024 and will reopen on jan. 6, 2025.					





















						cic virtual					

						view seminar series					

















						cjce					

view current issue 


















canadian society forchemistrylearn more 







canadian society forchemical engineeringlearn more 











discover cic's membership experience 



embark on the cic membership journey with our revamped offering and newly designed pages. all crafted with you and your needs in mind. join cic now to unlock a world of possibilities. 






explore our membership section











 



membership 



not yet a member of the cic community? it’s time to discover where you belong. join our network of over 3,000 passionate professionals in the chemical sciences community in canada, and forge local connections that will last a lifetime. 






prices and options











 



student membership 



are you a full-time undergraduate or graduate student pursuing chemistry at a canadian institution? good news! membership is complimentary. join one of the 35+ student chapters across the country.  






prices and options











 



what's new! 



training courses 



cic is partnering with leading organizations to bring valuable training and courses to cic members at preferential rates.  






learn more



















 



exploring complexity with chemistry with dr. barbara imperialidalia nardolillocelebrated chemical biologist dr. barbara imperiali shares her experience working in the industry of chemistry.




cjce’s latest virtual issue: experimental methods in chemical engineering vi iitiffany noelthis virtual issue features articles published in cjce’s experimental methods in chemical engineering special series from 2020 to 2025.cjce february issuetiffany noelthis month’s issue features three open access issue highlight articles and a special editorial on cjce’s latest virtual issue. 








events 







jun. 15 - 19, 2025 - ottawa, on 



canadian chemistry conference and exhibition (csc 2025) 



chemistry. unfiltered. 











du 5 au 8 octobre - montréal (québec )  



congrès canadien de génie chimique (scgch 2025) 



le génie chimique dans un monde d’ia : un pionnier de la durabilité - l’intelligence artificielle 



oct. 5 - 8, 2025 - montréal, qc 



canadian chemical engineering conference
(csche 2025) 



chemical engineering in an ai world: a pioneer of sustainability 
















 











 




							subject division seminar series						







presented by the members of our subject divisions, these free seminar series unite people in the same specialty no matter where they are in canada. learn and grow with these series highlighting leaders in the field from across canada and the world. 















the chemical institute of canada – the interconnected chemical sciences community in canada 










 




							grow						














 




							learn						














 




							celebrate						














 




							connect						


















join now



















land acknowledgment: in the spirit of truth and reconciliation, respect and reciprocity, the cic national team acknowledges that our head office is located on the traditional, unceded territory of the anishinaabe algonquin nation. we acknowledge that our work spans the traditional lands of many first peoples across what is known today as canada. we are grateful and thankful to the knowledge keepers, elders, and communities who have and continue to care for this land.   





















chemical institute of canada 

90-2420 bank street
ottawa, ontario, canada
k1v 8s1
613-232-6252
fax: 613-232-5862

 







communitiesstudents
student chapters
local sections
subject divisions
wide committee
 







conference & eventscic virtual
csche 2024 toronto – engineering
csc 2025 ottawa – chemistry
scgch 2025 montréal –  génie chimique
csche 2025 montréal – chemical engineering
x2026 toronto – chemistry | chemical engineering
 







learning & morecic news
cjce
awards
about us
csc accreditation
 







connect 






linkedin-in
 




 



flickr
 




  






contact the cic national office team
cic careers
 






job board













copyright © 2025 the chemical institute of canada

privacy policy
 
web design by envisionup.





 






























