










home - nantucket island chamber of commerce

























































 
 
















skip to content












facebook





instagram





youtube






































 
homedirectoryevents chamber sponsored events daffodil festival annual membership celebration restaurant week cobblestones & cranberries fall fashion show nantucket noel christmas stroll stroll marketplace jolly jam red tickets annual tree lighting ceremony stroll for businesses list of events calendarabout welcome board of directors contact us information request become a member employmentmembers member login membership benefits marketing benefits membership packages member spotlight/ribbon cutting fee based opportunities chamber chats & walks guidebook become a memberbusiness resources business resources advocacy & advertising grants scorestore








 








































direction sign


visit 
 














calendar icons


calendar 
 














login


join 
 














login


newsletter 
 


















welcome to nantucket






seasonal events
summer, spring, winter or fall, there’s so much to do on nantucket year-round! click on a season to see what’s happening.
















































black history month 
february 22, 12:30-2pm at the african meeting house


join us


 






















2025 - 2026 guidebook 
place your ad in our official guide today!


advertise


 




















iwd breakfast & panel 
international women's day march 7, 8:30-10:30am


register


 










upcoming events


































the heart of nantucket with our annual guide book
unveil the island's hidden gems, vibrant businesses, and local secrets in one beautifully crafted guide. whether you're a long-time resident or a first-time visitor, this guidebook is your key to exploring the charm and character of nantucket like never before. from quaint shops and delicious dining to breathtaking views and unforgettable experiences, the nantucket chamber guide book is your ultimate companion for a truly authentic island adventure. dive in and let the journey begin!
































discover

















experience






island living







































the nantucket island chamber of commerce
the nantucket island chamber of commerce is here to enhance the vitality of our business community by providing robust benefits programs, educational events, connections, and marketing tools. our 750 members span the entire island, representing large and small businesses, emerging enterprises and nonprofit organizations. by joining the chamber, you enter into a collection of people who are passionate about growing their businesses and increasing the strength of our community. we are confident that, however you decide to engage with us, you will enjoy and benefit from having the chamber on your team!
                                          
 







learn more





















join





































signature sponsors






































































 













 












© 2025 nantucket island chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone





















directory  |  member login  |  become a member









nantucket island chamber of commerce








phone


508. 228.1700 









address & map




zero main st 2nd floor, nantucket, ma 02554 










contact us




info@nantucketchamber.org 










privacy policy




privacy policy 


















 © 2025 nantucket island chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















