


















homepage - depressionhurts.ca











































 





























date: 2/16/2025




english


français


简体中文


 ਪੰਜਾਬੀ









depressionhurts






what is depression?

causes of depressionsymptoms of depression
could it be depression?

symptom checklist
managing your depression

accepting helpleading a healthy lifestylemaintaining your social lifedeveloping a management planidentifying barriers to recoveryimportant points to consider
journey to improvement

talk to your doctordoctor discussion guideseeing a specialistself-help groupsyour support network
information for family & friends

how to helpquestions about treatmenttalking about depressionhelpful links
mental health resources

covid-19 mental healthdepression in the workplacewhat sleeping better feels like
territorial acknowledgementdonate now! 






















donate now!





you are not alone!
over 3,750,855 visitors














help us make change happen 



demand support for mental health. email your member of parliament now! 



















did you know? 



sleep affects your mental health 



insomnia (or consistent lack of sleep) can increase someone’s risk of long-term health problems like anxiety, heart disease, depression, and diabetes. learning good sleep hygiene is a great way to help keep your body and your mind healthy. 






learn more











 






















discussion forum 







the mood disorder society of canada discussion forum is a way of bringing people together on-line, who share a common concern, interest, or issue. by joining the mdsc discussion forum you can ask questions, read about how others are living with and managing mood disorders, connect with people by sharing your experience and offering your support — all from the privacy, and comfort of your own home and on your schedule. 











 
enter the forum
























could it be depression? 



									are you or someone you know suffering from depression? there are many symptoms of depression, some of which you are aware of, some you may not be.								






learn more




















managing your depression 



									along with the treatment that you receive from your doctor, there are activities that you can do to help yourself manage your illness.								






learn more




















journey to improvement 



									depression is a condition that can and should be treated. you do not have to struggle through it alone. there are resources you can turn to for help.								






learn more






































did you know? 



there are many symptoms of depression 











for a person considered to be suffering from a major depressive disorder, symptoms must either be new or must be noticeably worse compared to what they were prior to the episode. these symptoms also have to persist for most of the day, nearly every day for at least two consecutive weeks. the episode must also be accompanied by clinically significant distress or impaired functioning. if you are already receiving treatment for depression, you may have noticed that you are still experiencing symptoms. it is important that you discuss these symptoms with your doctor to determine whether or not changes to your treatment plan are required. whether you suspect you have depression or are currently receiving treatment, complete the following checklist and talk to your doctor. 






find out more



















 



									emotions								















 



									fatigue								















 



									sleep								



















 



weight 















 



									unexplained aches & pains								















 



									thinking & concentration								






































support our work 







we hope you find this website helpful. by offering the enclosed material, resources and guides, we strive to provide you with the very best information to assist you and your family understand and manage your depression. we are a charitable organization that receives no funding for this resource. if you would like to support our efforts which makes this possible, please make a tax-deductible donation by clicking on the button below. thank you for helping us help others. 










donate now!


































how to help 



recognizing depression 



									to help someone with depression, you must be able to recognize it. this illness can encompass a broad range of symptoms.								











 







									talking about depression								











 







									offering your support								











 







									setting up a support system								







taking suicidal thoughts seriously 



									the risk of suicide increases in people with depression and it is important to take this risk very seriously. if you feel that you are giving up or feel you could harm yourself, get help immediately.								






learn more






























educational resources by mood disorders society of canada 



below are some resources you may find helpful when it comes to understanding depression or helping a loved one on the road to recovery. 



information booklets 












 







medication and you




















 







what is depression?




















 







workplace mental health




















 







what is bi-polar disorder?




















 







quick facts




















 







cannabis and you




















 







operational stress injuries & other traumatic stress





























mood disorders society of canada


































 what is depression? could it be depression? managing your depression journey to improvement information for family & friends mental health resources  territorial acknowledgement glossary site map references terms & conditions privacy accessibility copyright disclaimer

© 2025 depressionhurts.ca. all rights reserved.

 





























