





musica bona – there is a story behind every classical music.









































skip to content



























homeblogprivacy policycontact 














homeherbert morgan2019-01-22t10:50:35+00:00 










modern classical music
music abona is the ideal place to treat your ears with modern classical music.








chamber music
listen to chamber music that is performed by the curated talents.







classical crossover
classical crossover is the perfect blend of classical music and popular music.







minimalism
be amazed by the splendid rendition of few instruments from the best talents.














live concert
our live concerts are fun, energetic and the places to experience the awesomeness of music.

unlimited fun

divine music

experience the real classical music









“if you are a person who is interested in modern classical music, music abona the ideal place for you. “








view all latest news



our blog











						crazy classical music facts					








crazy classical music factsby herbert morgan|2019-01-22t09:06:11+00:00january 22nd, 2019|categories: music facts|let us look at some facts related to classical music.
1. classical music and heavy metal
it was revealed in a study that personality traits between classical music and heavy metal listeners were more or less the same with the only differing factor being the age. heavy metal or metal, in general, is heard to more by teenagers or younger people when compared to classical music that is enjoyed by older people. this is mainly due to the fact that both groups seek drama and theatrics in their music.
2. kid rock
kid rock involved himself in the revival of the classical music scene in detroit when he decided to hold a concert in order to raise funds for the detroit symphony orchestra, an organization that was in financial peril in the year 2011. this move turned out to be a success as the concert raised over a million dollars for the cause.
3. 2001: a classical odyssey
although an entire score was composed for the movie, stanley kubrick’s 2001: a space odyssey only featured classical music pieces, much to the dismay of alex north who only realized that his music was discarded when he saw the movie at the premiere. the decision was taken during post-production by kubrick himself as he already had the classical pieces as test audio. the unused music was released to the public by telarc.
 
4. classical fights
igor stravinsky’s the rite of spring was a ballet that sparked controversy when its first performance sparked a riot. although the reason, or even the riot’s credibility, cannot be confirmed, the music eventually gained more traction than the performance itself. this is mainly due to the fact that many eyewitnesses give varying recollections of what really happened, with people claiming nothing happened to full-blown fistfights that occurred right after the curtain rose.

5. spiders love the classics too
a study conducted at miami university revealed that spiders like classical music than any other genre since they made their web closer to the speaker as much as possible when classical music was played. the spiders made the web as far as possible when music of the rap and techno variety were played.
6. classical music and crime
there are plenty of instances where the public broadcast systems played classical music in order to detract the population from conducting crimes. an example of this is when melbourne played classical music in the metro.
read morecomments off on crazy classical music facts







 
 






		copyrights © 2019 musicabona.com. all rights reserved.	



 
 
 
 


 
 












































































































































