




 





reputable autograph dealers with authentic signatures for sale | moments in time





































































navigation







 
phone: 818-505-3950inquiry@momentsintime.com 


home
letters/documents
autographs
signed photographs
miscellaneous
sell items
contact us
 

 
 



featured items


 

extraordinary photo of bill clinton inscribed to the people of israel
contact us



 

bob dylan’s handwritten lyrics to blowin’ in the wind
contact us








james 2nd grants the colony of rhode island religious freedom

view document


roger williams president of providence plantation
view document

extraordinary archive of berlin's iconic "god bless america"
view archive







martin luther king to sammy davis re celebs & civil rights

view letter 




the original manuscript of richard wagner's "here comes the bride" from lohengrin
view document
an original, exceedingly rare manuscript page from darwins's origin of species.
view page





the beatles agree to john eastman’s management

view letter 




















we buy and sell original letters, manuscripts, signed photos of important people in history, literature, science, music, etc.










owning an original piece of history is many peoples’ dream. as one of the nation’s leading autograph dealers, we purvey rare original autographs and historical documents; with an inventory including autographs of washington, adams, jefferson, madison, lincoln, churchill, fdr, mao, melville, poe, einstein, babe ruth, lou gehrig, etc. we are highly interested in acquiring material in the following areas: american presidents, scientists, statesmen, composers, authors, etc.
we welcome you to browse through our treasures; we can help you source specific items. our inventory consists of rare manuscripts, letters of us presidents, rare signatures, historical memorabilia, signed vintage photographs, and personal artifacts of famous people. we offer a 100% lifetime money back guarantee of authenticity.
rare autographs offer the long-term appreciation found with blue-chip stocks, combined with the unique satisfaction of holding an authentic piece of history in your hands.
thank you for visiting our website. our prices are competitive – the quality of our material is unmatched. please feel free to contact us to learn more about our inventory or lifetime authenticity guarantee. we look forward to providing you with timeless original pieces of history.
 
we offer a large selection of framed and unframed original historic materials, representing all areas of collecting. the materials presented in this website represent only a small percentage of our inventory. collectors who are interested in a particular individual or an area of collecting should notify us of their interests. we maintain a “want card’ system and are always pleased to inform you of our new material which meets your collecting needs.


 
 

contact us














quick contact


name*email*

messagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?


yes



no
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ

testimonialsleave a review!
lifetime guarantee of authenticity
the authenticity of all material offered for sale is guaranteed without time limitations, for full refund of purchase price.
terms of sale
any item which is unsatisfactory for any reason may be returned within one day after receipt. exceptions must be arranged at the time the order is placed. california state residents must add 9% sales tax.
moments in time is dedicated to the handling of only the highest quality, original historical autographs from all fields to be found anywhere in the world. prominent individuals have produced fascinating proof of their achievements through these autograph letters, documents and signed photographs.


 
 
 




 
 




homeletters/documentsautographssigned photographsmiscellaneoussell itemscontact us

				× close panel			


















 
