







dream maker racing

























































              home
            



              who we are
            



              become an owner
            



              things to consider
            



                shop
              



              contact us
            















              home
            



              who we are
            



              become an owner
            



              things to consider
            



                shop
              



              contact us
            


















the new york bred specialistsdream maker racingview our pledge





let's talk about racing, let's talk about action, let's talk about the fun and excitement of owning your own racehorse.photography courtesy of mia gallo, ryan thompson & adam coglianese.  













our team is comprised of experienced horsemen who will always put the horse first. together our team has over 60 + years of experience in the thoroughbred industry. we are customer service oriented with everything we do to make sure that your ownership experience is the best it could be.



our team


















our owners will become fully credentialed through the new york state gaming commission and nyra so that you can enjoy all the perks that come along with ownership. through your journey, you will never feel out of place as our owners are treated as individuals as opposed to a single group. in addition, we take care of all your hospitality needs at the racetrack and assist in travel accommodations so that you can see your horse race even if you are from out of town!



ownership


















read up on our weekly newsletters through the dream factory. each week we publish content that touches on all aspects of the industry and of course dream maker racing.



dream factory

















available horseschoose your next champion





current offerings & syndicationsclick on here for more information

 

picking our dream maker horses is a dynamic process. weeks before the auction we spend countless hours going through sales catalogs marking our initial interests based on pedigree. our geneticist will confirm matings and seek out the best "nicks" concentrating on proven sires and deep stakes caliber female families. before the big day arrives all of our horses are carefully inspected by our bloodstock team which includes watching them walk, gathering background information and sometimes simply getting the feel for the presence of each horse. after viewing hundreds of horses the time comes to make a shortlist. meetings are held with all involved, notes are compared, decisions are made, the list shrinks, pinpointing our top choices right up until auction day. on the day of the sale, our favorite horses are vetted from head to toe by the top veterinarians in the business. we follow them as they step into the auction ring. the bidding begins, our hearts are pounding, the pressure mounts, will we get the horse of our dreams? after all the hours we put in, we are able to walk away with the equine athlete we fell in love with and couldn’t be more excited to have. then your dream begins! 

 










rosterthe stable






    click here to view our current roster
  



 












social mediaphotos & tweets








































































 
















































tweets by winwithdmr 



























































gallerydream maker in action





 


















































































 
































ownership journeywe make your dreams come true





dream maker racing is supported by over 100 unique owners from all over the country. our owners hail from nearly 40 states, and 3 international countries. we work very hard to make sure that you the owner are satisfied with everything dream maker racing from the way we operate to getting your horse in the winner’s circle. click below to read testimonials from our owners.




    testimonials
  



 












contact uswe want to hear from you





we want to hear from you! ready for your next racehorse? want to learn more about dream maker racing? fill out a contact form and our team will respond to you within an hour!




    click here to contact us
  



while ownership of a thoroughbred racehorse can be gratifying, fun, and financially rewarding, racing horses has large potential risks.  you must be aware of the risks and willing to accept them in order to invest in thoroughbred horse racing. only invest money you can afford to lose.































































back to top
dream maker racing, llc, po box 585, saratoga springs, ny, 12866(518) 587-5550dmr@dreammakerracing.com


powered by squarespace









