



hackley school | k-12 college-prep private school | tarrytown, ny





























				giving
			




				make a gift
			



				culture of philanthropy
			



				ways to give
			



				frequently asked questions about giving
			



				meet the team
			



				matching gifts
			







				alumni
			




				alumni news
			



				alumni events
			



				make a gift
			



				about our alumni
			



				alumni day
			



				alumni connections
			



				networking initiative
			



				class notes
			



				hackley archives
			



				alumni association board
			



				alumni volunteer opportunities
			







				parents and families
			




				parents & families
			












				team schedules
			



				calendar
			






search







				hackley online
			









				about us
			




				head of school's welcome
			



				school leadership
			



				mission, core values & history
					





				portrait of a hackley graduate
			



				hackley school competencies
			







				center for the creative arts and technology
			



				employment
					





				working at hackley
			



				open positions
			







				school calendar
			



				directions & contacts
			







				admissions
			




				welcome to admissions
			



				getting to know hackley
			



				student ambassadors
			



				applying to hackley
					





				applying overview
			



				admissions application requirements
			



				financial aid requirements
			







				affording hackley
					





				tuition
			



				financial aid
			







				daily transportation
			







				lower school
			




				lower school welcome
			



				lower school faculty
			



				associate teacher program
			



				kindergarten and grade 2
			



				ls curriculum
					





				ls curriculum overview
			



				literacy
			



				mathematics
			



				modern language
			



				performing arts
			



				physical education
			



				science
			



				social studies
			



				technology
			



				visual arts
			







				ls support services
			



				santomero library
			



				character education
			



				ls after school programs
			







				middle school
			




				middle school welcome
			



				middle school faculty
			



				ms curriculum
					





				ms curriculum overview
			



				classics
			



				computer science
			



				english
			



				health education
			



				history
			



				mathematics
			



				modern languages
			



				music
			



				physical education & athletics
			



				science
			



				theater arts
			



				visual arts
			







				ms support services
			



				sternberg library
			



				ms after school programs
			







				upper school
			




				upper school welcome
			



				upper school faculty
			



				us curriculum
					





				us curriculum overview
			



				classics
			



				computer science
			



				english
			



				global online academy
			



				health education
			



				history
			



				interdisciplinary studies
			



				introduction to college
			



				mathematics
			



				modern languages
			



				performing arts
			



				physical education & athletics
			



				science
					





				independent science research program
			







				visual arts
			







				college counseling
					





				college counseling overview
			



				for students & families
			



				meet the staff
			



				for college representatives
			







				us support services
			



				five-day boarding
			



				sternberg library
			



				independent science research program
			



				chapel talks
			







				school life
			




				the hackley experience
			



				arts
					





				dramatic arts
			



				musical arts
			



				visual arts
			







				athletics
					





				athletics schedule
			



				team schedules
			



				facilities
			



				teams & coaches
			



				news
			







				global education
					





				global education overview
			



				round square
			



				for exchange students
			







				community impact and collaboration
					





				diversity, equity and inclusion
			



				hudson scholars
			



				leadership & clubs
			







				summer programs
			







				news & media
			




				hilltop publications
			



				recent news
			



				news archive
			



				athletics news archive
			



				alumni news archive
			



				faculty news archive
			












 
  

 
  

 
  


  

 
  

 
  



previous
next


1
2
3
4
5
6




		enter here to be and find a friend
	




inquire online!










				parents & families
			




















parents & families

		hackley parents across generations talk about building close friendships and relationships among the fellow parents they meet as volunteers and as fans on the sidelines, the parents of the friends with whom their children grow and learn. perhaps because hackley draws students from so many towns, the school community itself becomes the world we share and make together, supporting each other, sharing wisdom, and carpools, looking out for each other’s children, and sustaining the commitment to the school’s core value, “united, we help one another.”
	




hackley summer programs
hackley summer programs serve kids and teens in rising grades k-12 from across the westchester and tri-state area with morning, afternoon and all-day programs that will entertain, inspire, challenge and excite your children. 

parents & families page









				hackley alumni
			




















hackley alumni

		hackley alumni share a deep devotion to their hilltop where they entered every day “to be and find a friend.” they are actively involved with the school as volunteers, trustees, guest lecturers, internship hosts and career networking mentors. even as the school evolved over decades from a boys’ boarding school to a predominantly day coeducational k-12 school, alumni continue to take pride in belonging to their alma mater, which values character, commitment, and friendship.
	




alumni news
see what your fellow alumni are up to on our alumni news page. 








				giving to hackley
			




















giving to hackley

philanthropy at hackley provides a critical investment in our students, teachers, staff, programs and facilities. community members’ generous gifts send a clear message to other donors, including foundations, that trustees, parents, alumni, past parents, grandparents and friends are charitable and support hackley.  
thank you for your support!






make a gift
  

hackley fund




















explore
lower schoollearning together in a spirit of kindness and collaboration, where character and friendship come first.



















explore
middle schoolnurturing scholarship, humanity, curiosity and exuberance as students grow and discover themselves.



















explore
upper schoolchallenging students as citizens and scholars as they learn through the diverse perspectives around them.











enter here to be and find a friend




news

list of 7 news stories.



athletes of the week – week of feb. 10

every week, the athletics department highlights some exceptional hackley hornets who are helping to spur on their teams.


                            read more
                    



hackley perspectives: the power of kindness

                        by sue harmon, lower school teacher
                    

in this month’s blog post on hackley perspectives, lower school teacher sue harmon reflects on the power of kindness. “as an educator, i have been able to weave kindness throughout the curriculum and our everyday lessons and activities. the students quickly learn to embrace a classroom where kindness, respect, and friendship are the cornerstone and expectation.” read the post here.




middle and upper school debate teams compete in january tournaments

on jan. 25, hackley’s middle school debate team attended a tournament at dalton, while the upper school team competed at applied tech in new jersey for the third regular-season event of the high school public debate program.


                            read more
                    



athletes of the week – week of feb. 3

every week, the athletics department highlights some exceptional hackley hornets who are helping to spur on their teams.


                            read more
                    



hackley hosts second annual round square northeast schools forum on the hilltop

on saturday, feb. 1, hackley round square delegates and representative ms. maddox partnered with community engagement student-leaders and director of community engagement and service-learning ms. demarchena to host the second annual round square northeast schools forum.


                            read more
                    



hackley parent dr. daniel andor speaks to independent science research program and computer science students

dr. daniel andor p ’37 came to the hilltop to give a guest lecture to hackley’s isrp and ap/post ap computer science students. during his visit, dr. andor discussed his career trajectory from being in a music school to studying physics for his ph.d. dissertation and becoming a software engineer at google.


                            read more
                    



varsity coaches reach milestones in their sports

hackley’s varsity wrestling coach fran stanek recorded his 200th dual meet win in january, and girls’ varsity soccer coach natalie hopp-gaven won her 100th game back in the fall.


                            read more
                    





hackley school

293 benedict avenuetarrytown, ny 10591914-366-2600

































		© hackley school | privacy policy & terms of use & nondiscrimination hackley school is a registered 501(3)c
	





				quicklinks
					





				event registration
			



				school calendar
			



				athletics schedules
			



				interactive hackley map
			














 




