

















iona university | new york city metro area catholic university










skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to news and events
skip to main content
skip to footer links







 







menu









search










news & events
news










give






request info  






visit  






apply






 

iona university 




        close
          













academics
▶ 


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


does iona have my program?


five-year bachelor's/master's degree programs


early acceptance programs




explore majors & programs


admissions & financial aid


student life


athletics


about iona university





          information for
        


current students


faculty & staff


parents & families


alumni


new rochelle community






request info  







visit  







apply  


















search


                  submit
                    







try searching for:

explore majors & programs,
                                                                                        clubs & activities,
                                                                                        study abroad,
                                                                                        housing & dining,
                                                                                        cost & financial aid,
                                                                                        academic calendars













news
events



news




february 11, 2025


two iona university alumni earn prestigious grant from the cosmos institute for innovative ai research






february 7, 2025


iona university recognized by the national association of college and employers (nace) for leadership in student success & career development






february 7, 2025


iona university and cardinal hayes educators delve into artificial intelligence during catholic schools week




all news



events




student government association meetings


february 20, 2025 / 3:30pm - 5:00pm
robert v. lapenta student union, jeanne & steve mcgrath room a&b






gael gate!


february 21, 2025 / 5:00pm - 7:00pm
                                                                lapenta school of business atrium, lapenta school of business entrance patio
                              





senior class portraits


february 24, 2025 / 12:00pm - 8:00pm
lapenta school of business student leadership area (29-112)




all events

























toggle video






          iona university rankings
        
iona university featured in the princeton review’s best 390 colleges




complete your application by february 15take the next step and apply today!submit your application by february 15 to open the door to new opportunities! apply now and use the code iona29 to have your application fee waived. begin application application steps & deadlineswelcome class of 2029!accepted students day, 3/23join us on sunday, march 23, to celebrate your acceptance to iona university! connect with faculty, staff and future friends during this campus-wide event filled with information sessions, panels, tours and more.rsvp: accepted students day, 3/23










lucas haddad ’24, ’25mba 
north attleboro, massachusetts“i chose iona because of the exciting prospects it presented…after my first visit to campus, i knew iona was the perfect fit for me.”accounting major and mba candidate, lucas haddad will start a full-time position at ernst & young (ey) after graduation. learn more about how iona prepared him in the classroom and through internships and mentoring opportunities.read more about lucas













          admissions & financial aid
        
schedule an on-campus tour today!






presidential speaker series
the presidential speaker series aims to stimulate dialogue at iona and beyond regarding the significance of education. this year's series focuses on the implications of ai, emphasizing the human values and interests it should prioritize. all talks are open to iona university members and the local community.learn more: presidential speaker series











toggle video






          student life
        
find your squad at #gaelnation





bring your curiosity, find your community.meet people and discover passions that bring out the best in you. share the gael spirit as you bring out the best in your peers too — across the hall, on stage, at your favorite volunteering gig or on the playing field.


              explore student life at iona
      







            explore majors & programs
        

academics


            at iona, innovative thinking and a commitment to service underscore our academically rigorous programs across every discipline.
        

            no matter what you study, you’ll be encouraged to think critically and independently while being challenged and supported along the way.
        




                undergraduate programs
            

                choose from 45 majors and over 35 minors, and personalize your education. benefit from supportive faculty, an engaging campus life and countless opportunities to grow and thrive.
            

undergraduate programs




                graduate programs
            

                advance your future at iona. whether you aim to advance within your current industry or embark on a new career path, iona's proven graduate programs and expert faculty will guide you to success.
            

graduate programs












 iona campuses, endless opportunities



find your balance: explore nyc & thrive on campuswith just a quick train ride from our new rochelle and bronxville campuses, you'll find yourself immersed in the energy and culture of new york city. after exploring the many opportunities nyc has to offer, come home to a vibrant, welcoming community where professors know your name and everyone greets you with a smile.





about new rochelle and bronxvillethe city of new rochelle boasts modern facilities and a bustling atmosphere while the town of bronxville's picturesque setting offers historic charm and a downtown full of shops, cafés and restaurants. located only four miles apart, students can easily reach both locations by car or iona’s gael express shuttle service. schedule your visit today!





iona irelandlearn more about iona's new campus in westport, ireland!students take classes in the historic westport house located on 400-acres of stunning natural beauty. the town of westport is home to restaurants, shops and cultural experiences, while being only a short trip to sites such as downpatrick head and keem bay beach.













prospective students
begin your journey at iona
the iona community is eager to learn more about you, your goals and your aspirations.whether you are starting your higher education career, looking for a better fit or aiming to complete a graduate degree to excel in your profession, our faculty and staff are here to support and guide you as you work to make your dreams a reality.take the next step in your journey to realize and exceed your potential.apply nowrequest informationfreshman campus visits & tourstransfer campus visits & toursgraduate campus visits, tours & info sessions









about iona universitywhere education meets transformationiona university is known for our engaging curricula and nurturing community that empowers students to excel. explore our diverse undergraduate and graduate programs, find your place among our athletic and student club offerings, and join a network of 50,000+ alumni who are making a difference. discover iona, where progress and opportunity meet to unlock your potential.


                      explore iona 
      










          athletics
        
this is #gaelnation











              give to iona
            






iona university 




          maps & directions
    


                715 north avenue, new rochelle, ny 10801 
171 white plains road, bronxville, ny 10708
              


(800) 231-iona


(800) 231-iona





          offices & departments
    

          faculty directory
    

          employment opportunities
    





instagram 






tiktok 






facebook 






youtube 






x 






linkedin 






© 2025 iona university


          privacy
    

          accessibility
    

          sexual misconduct/title ix
    













