





woodcreeper.com – a testbed for nocturnal musings



































































































woodcreeper.com






radar & migration faq











birds and bailando in cuba!


for decades cuba was a dream destination to me, then in 2018 i was fortunate to put this tour together for nj audubon with my friend gary markowski, owner and operator of caribbean conservation trust. gary merged his time-tested birding itinerary that he and his team have been perfecting for over 26 years, with my other passion for music, in the havana jazz plaza (havana jazz festival). the result exceeded all of my expectations, so much so that we didn’t think twice to run it again in 2019 for another fabulous experience. i’ve been wanting to run this tour again since covid hit, but for obvious reasons we had to shelve it. now we’re bringing it back, and i really hope you will join us. click the link above to read all about it! 
june 19, 2022





a bat book you won’t be able to put down


there are great scientists, and there are great communicators, and then there are those who can can communicate science extraordinarily well. i often think of this venn diagram, and of how much i value the area of overlap between the two spheres. aldo leopold’s a sand county almanac, scott weidensaul’s living on the wind, david quammen’s […] 
august 19, 2017





departure day 12/8/15 – getting to the lodge at pico bonito


a 5:30am international flight meant a departure from cape may just after midnight. sure i could have pushed it, but who can sleep before such an adventure anyway? podcasts and wawa coffee got me through and i made it to the gate before it opened, along with a mexican couple and soon a family from guatemala. just hearing spanish again got me excited for the journey ahead. but first i would have to contort into a pretzel for a three hour flight to houston.  
december 8, 2015





back…to the tropics!


i’m heading to the tropics! join me and an intrepid group of birders, naturalists and writers (some are all three!) for some serious fun in honduras as we put the new leica trinovid hd through its paces. the lodge at pico bonito will be home base for the next week! but first i need to get there… 
december 8, 2015





the future of woodcreeper.com


to radar, or not to radar, that might be the question. what will the future bring for woodcreeper.com? read on for some thoughts. 
july 17, 2014






1
2
3
…
254
next page→




woodcreeper.com
proudly powered by wordpress










follow

follow woodcreeper.com


get every new post delivered to your inbox
join other followers:






 








