













	bank of springfield | bank boldly





bank of springfield | bank boldly | illinois & missouri banking













































  


















ebanking secure account log in


username



password





login


enroll now
forgot password?










ebusiness secure account log in


username



password





login


lost or damaged token
forgot password or pin?






skip to main content





report lost or stolen card
cd rates
contact
careers
blog
loan payments


search





















 fdic-insured — backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government
        




bank of springfield







main navigation

ebanking
ebusiness







menu


our services
digital banking
find us
about us
online mortgage center
classic 50










other helpful links


ebanking
ebusiness



















access tax forms electronically through bos digital banking

learn more




watch out for these five scams
check out this bos banksource blog article to learn more.
read now




finli
finli provides you with a comprehensive suite of solutions to let you focus on building your business.
learn more









for the everyday and unforgettableyour financial goals are unique and reflect the possibilities of your life, your future, and your dreams. at bank of springfield, we take the time to understand your goals and show you how to turn possibilities into realities. whether you’re planning your monthly money management, or planning a visit to your dream destination, bos can give you real-time guidance from real people. we pride ourselves on our personal touch and can give you the answers you need to fulfill your financial plans.

bos is like family to me and my wife. we are always treated like we have known each other for our whole lives. even when we have to call, we are always met with polite people who are awesome to talk to. overall, we love banking here.james a.

propelling your personal bankingat bank of springfield, we know financial success is all about moving forward. from streamlining your high-activity accounts, to calculating low-rate mortgages, we may help you increase your funds and lower your payments.personal checkingpersonal savingspersonal loans






backing your business bankingwhether you consider yourself a beginning entrepreneur or an established, growing business, bos offers the right products and services to take your business to the next level.business checkingbusiness savingsbusiness loans


reinventing your investment bankingwith success often comes the need for professional financial planning. bank of springfield's investment experts listen to your goals, review your portfolio, and recommend the best balance of investments to put you on the right path.trust servicesinsurance agencyinvest with bos insurance products are not insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic) or any government agency. insurance products are not deposits, obligations, or guaranteed by the bank or its affiliates. insurance products may lose value. insurance products are not a condition to any bank loan, product or service.not fdic insuredno bank guaranteemay lose value.not a deposit.not insured by any federal government agency






recent blog posts






understanding certificate of deposit (cd's) : a safe investment option



              if you're looking for a safe, predictable way to grow your savings without the fluctuations of the stock market, a cd might be an attractive option.
            

read more about understanding certificate of deposit (cd's) : a safe investment option









access your tax forms electronically through bos digital banking



              this article outlines 4 easy steps to access your tax forms through your bos online and mobile banking account.
            

read more about access your tax forms electronically through bos digital banking









congratulations to our december employee of the month!



              congratulations to our december employee of the month!
            

read more about congratulations to our december employee of the month!




view all blog posts









see how banking boldly can make all the difference.our services contact us










download our app




visit the bos center






copyright ©

bank of springfield. all rights reserved.




contact us
1-877-698-3278
privacy notice
federal regulator
routing number - 071108559
cra
holiday schedule














notice of error resolution proceduresyou may have certain rights under federal law related to resolving loan servicing errors and requesting information about your account. you may learn more about these rights by contacting bos at 877-698-3278. a written notice of potential loan servicing errors must be asserted to bank of springfield, p.o. box 19301, springfield, il 62794-9301. the written notice is required to include the name of the borrower, account number, and description of the error believed to have occurred.this web site may contain links to other web sites (“linked sites”). the linked sites are provided for your convenience and information only and, as such, you access them at your own risk. the content of any linked sites is not under bank of springfield’s control. bank of springfield is not responsible for, and does not endorse, such content, whether or not bank of springfield is affiliated with the owners of such linked sites. you may not establish a hyperlink to this web site or provide any links that state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your web site by bank of springfield, or its affiliates or providers.











chat







third party site disclaimer
you are leaving bank of springfield's website. bank of springfield is not responsible for the content of the linked site. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of our website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the linked site, which may be different than ours. please confirm that you would like to continue.

continue
cancel








notice
the document that you have selected contains additional links to third-party sources outside of www.bankwithbos.com website. bank of springfield is not responsible for the content of the linked site. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of our website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the linked site, which may be different than ours. please confirm that you would like to continue.

continue
cancel








email disclaimer
reminder this is not a secured email link. please do not include any confidential or sensitive information such as account numbers or social security numbers within this email.

continue
cancel







            	open a new account
        


                new customer
            

                click below to get started with your new account
            

open account




                existing customer
            
if you are an existing bos online banking customer, log in and choose your new account.
            

existing customer







bos holiday schedule

new year's day
wednesday, january 1, 2025
martin luther king jr. day
monday, january 20, 2025
memorial day
monday, may 26, 2025
juneteenth
thursday, june 19, 2025
independence day
friday, july 4, 2025
labor day
monday, september 1, 2025
veterans day
tuesday, november 11, 2025
thanksgiving
thursday, november 27, 2025
christmas eve
wednesday, december 24, 2025(close at noon)
christmas day
thursday, december 25, 2025

all bos branches are closed
 on these designated federal holidays.  this includes our lobbies, 
drive-ups, and customer care center.  transactions including deposits, 
transfers, or online bill payments made after 6:00 pm cst on the prior 
business day will not be processed until the next business day that we 
are open.  our following services are still accessible on non-business 
days:  atm, itm, zelle, online and mobile banking, debit and credit card
 purchases.    











user name:





password:











username:





password:





















