































the harry s. truman scholarship foundation













skip to main content










    the harry s. truman 
 scholarship foundation
  


toggle search

        toggle main menu
        






about us


mission


our history


staff


officers & board of trustees


how you can help


contact us




apply


before applying


eligibility


advisor locator


selection process


important dates


notes to candidates


bulletin of information




advice & guidance


sample application materials


example responses


letters of recommendation


policy proposal


writing effectively


frequent reasons for not advancing


frequently asked questions for applicants




for advisors


how to become an advisor


notes for advisors


advisor application instructions


frequently asked questions for advisors




for finalists


regional review panels


practice interview questions


frequently asked questions for finalists






meet our scholars


2024 truman scholars


scholar listing


scholar programs


truman scholars leadership week


summer institute


truman-albright fellows


truman democracy fellows


truman governance fellows




partner organizations


friends of the truman foundation & the truman scholars association


additional scholar benefits


hiring authority






news






contact us


log in







search


















breadcrumb



              home
            













congratulations 2024 truman scholars!
in 2024, we selected 60 outstanding college students from 54 institutions as truman scholars.


  complete listing of the 2024 truman scholars
   















pause animation

















50 years of truman scholars

president truman’s living memorial grows each year with the selection of new truman scholars.



  see our latest video
  



















2025 public service awards

in 2025, the truman foundation will present three awards to leaders who have distinguished themselves in public service careers and made significant contributions to the truman community:

darci vetter (ne 95) for the elmer b. staats award,
wayne williams (va 85) and hetal doshi (al 00) for the joseph e. stevens award, and
walt cooper (in 98) for the ike skelton award.




  2025 public service awards
  



















please join us

we welcome all 2025 candidates and advisors to our office hours on thursday, january 23 at 2:00 pm et.



  find out more
  



















2024 finalists announced

congratulations to the 193 students from 136 institutions who were selected as finalists for the 2024 truman scholarship competition.



  2024 truman scholarship finalists
  



















2023 truman democracy fellows

our democracy fellows program is designed for truman scholars who plan to run for office. the most recent class met in washington, dc for a weekend of networking and programming.



  2023 truman democracy fellows
  



















welcoming senator jerry moran

senator jerry moran has been appointed to the board of trustees, to occupy the seat formerly held by senator roy blunt.



  updates to our board of trustees
  



















senators blunt and mccaskill appointed special representatives to the board of trustees

the foundation's board of trustees convened its annual meeting in december of 2022 and recognized both former and new members of the board.



  more updates from our meeting
  








give back & get involved

support young americans who are making a difference and become part of the future of public service leadership.
do your duty and history will do you justice.
- harry s. truman

give to truman













    the harry s. truman scholarship foundation
  



    712 jackson place, nw
  washington, dc 20006

       (202) 395 4831

 





required statements






facebook


instagram


twitter













