







merchmax llc – merchmax llc





































home
editing
academic
fiction / non-fiction
formatting
book cover design
contact
search




menu


menu

 






editing services
| academic |
| fiction/non-fiction |
book design




we edit academic manuscripts at the undergraduate and graduate levels and works of fiction and non-fiction.
an area many writers find challenging is formatting manuscripts. 
as your editor, we might spend up to 10 hours or more on correctly formatting your document.




experienceexperience
we have worked with over 100 undergraduate and graduate students as they successfully achieved their degrees.
we employ expert knowledge of the structure and content of american english, including meanings and spellings of words and rules of composition.
we apply styles and style guides to each manuscript.
we amend and standardize capitalization, date formats, spelling and hyphenation, and number usage.
also, we revise grammar and punctuation – including minor rewordings and potential rephrasing – thus, improving and eliminating wordiness, enhancing narrative structures, and document management concerns.

editingediting
a basic proofread targets spelling and grammatical errors.
developmental editing also involves correcting obvious spelling and grammar errors as well as making suggested rewrites to poorly worded or ambiguous sentences.
we highlight noticeable factual errors, offer commentary on methodology and standards of argument, and format your manuscript for publication.

academic editingacademic editing
for academic editing, we charge $800 for every 10,000 words.
editing a ph.d. dissertation can take between 50 and 100 hours, sometimes even more.
the process might continue for several weeks, primarily if questions from the university’s staff result in further revisions.
an example of the cost of editing a doctoral manuscript of 60,000 words translates to approximately $4,800.

on the other hand, a master’s thesis of 30,000 words would be priced at approximately $2,400.
alternately, we charge an hourly rate of $45 when an exact word count has not been established, such as a work-in-progress, or for tasks above and beyond straightforward editing.

fiction and non-fiction works
fiction and non-fiction works
editing fiction and non-fiction works are similarly charged at $700 for every 10,000 words.
an example of the cost of editing a novel of 80,000 words translates to approximately $5,600.

formatting
formatting
we utilize our knowledge and experience in ebook formatting to create and optimize a reflowable epub suited for ipads, kindle e-books, and the like.
for paperback/hardcover manuscripts, we convert the existing pdf or word manuscript to a suitable paperback/hardcover pdf. this process may require additional formatting and proofreading for completion.
proper formatting reveals an impressive makeover of each manuscript’s appearance, making it much more appealing and accessible to your readers.
each client is charged for formatting on a case-by-case basis.

book cover design
book cover design
this process includes a series of client collaborations to complete and enhance book covers using imagery sourced from the editor’s library or provided by the client.
for paperback/hardcover texts, after completion of the book’s front cover, we create the book’s spine and back cover, once again using appropriate imagery and copy [text].
we proofread the copy for the book’s back cover and spine.
these formatting and design tasks are charged at $65 per hour.






monica lamb // merchmax


58 reviews








send us mailname * e-mail * message *this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.this contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept google recaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.

 




  


© copyright - merchmax llc 2025






scroll to top










