












dr. r. standler's professional homepage


dr. ronald b. standler
attorney in massachusettsand consultant

c.v.     
biography     
fees     
technology law     
education law     
copyright law     
contact


i do two different kinds of work in law:
i do consulting to attorneys, principally on scientific evidence in
    torts involving technology, 
    for example:
electrical surges or "power quality".  
    i have experience with both the design and application of surge-protective devices:
    surge arresters and surge suppressors, which are also known in the usa as
    "transient voltage surge suppressors" (tvss).
    law of meteorology 
        (e.g., lightning, 
        cloud seeding, liability for negligent weather forecasts)
    computer hardware and software, including misuse of computers
    products liability
    for more detail, see
    my consulting services to litigators and
    my legal research services.

since 1998, i am an attorney in private practice,
    licensed to practice in all state and federal courts in massachusetts.
    i concentrate in  
    academic issues in higher-education law,
    and copyright law.   
    the description of my legal services
    gives more detail.


dr. r. standler

my german-language page for clients
in german-speaking countries.

my curriculum vitae gives my credentials, 
a bibliography of my publications,
and a summary of my professional experience.

biography of dr. standler.

my fees and terms.

contact dr. standler.   
< < < < < 

diplomas & certificates for dr. standler.

i can easily travel to towns in northeastern massachusetts,
or to the boston area, including cambridge, ma.




my essays about law


essays on this website are provided only to provide general information
and to communicate my personal comments on interesting topics in
law, technology, and society.  essays on this website are neither
legal advice nor legal opinion.  accessing this website or reading
documents on this website does not create an attorney-client
relationship.  see my disclaimer
for details.

all essays at this website are protected by copyright.
i have posted my terms of service
for printing, copying, and distributing my essays
at this website.

i am an attorney only in massachusetts, so i can not provide
legal advice to people in other states of the usa, unless they have been
injured or sued in massachusetts, or unless your local attorney hires me as a consultant.   
i have posted the following hints for
how to find an attorney.
 
table of contents

computer law —
    computer hardware and software, internet, e-mail

technology law — 
    damage by electrical surges, electric power problems, lightning,
    as well as meteorology law (e.g., cloud seeding, weather modification,
    liability for negligent weather forecasts)

higher-education law — 
    academic issues in college and university law

copyright law — 
    protecting and rewarding authors

my other essays on law — 
u.s. constitutional law (e.g., freedom of speech and 
        other constitutional rights)
 
privacy law: both (a) protection for private facts and (b) limits 
        on government intrusion into personal life
    employment law for professionals, and 
    family law


if you enjoy my essays, i would appreciate your hiring or recommending me as a consultant.


to make this homepage smaller, in jan 2009 i moved the links to my essays from this homepage
to separate webpages, one for each topic in the above list.


copyright 1997-2014 by ronald b. standler
this document is at   http://www.rbs2.com/index.htm
first posted 4 jan 1997,   revised 16 feb 2014.

contact dr. standler.   
< < < < < 

by using my website, you accept my terms of service.

website privacy policy

  i



