





































phoenix seo agency | digital current

















































digital current ™



    






about
services

seo services

seo audit services
technical seo audits
on page optimization services
seo consulting services
keyword research services
seo campaign management services


content marketing services
link building services

internal link building services
backlink audit services


cro services
pay-per-click (ppc)


clients
case studies
blog
 



contact us















the top digital marketing agency driving results since 2003 see how we can help you grow 











































1,000s of clients. 19 years in business. proven results. 


 

search engine optimization (seo) 
we’re not your typical digital marketing agency when it comes to seo. we use a proprietary methodology that’s been refined over 17 years in the industry to attract your ideal visitors and guide them to conversion. our phoenix seo company helps clients appeal to technical search algorithms while creating optimized user experiences.



learn more about seo 



 

content marketing services
content marketing is useless unless it drives action. we develop a content strategy that converts. starting with immersive persona workshops, we map your entire buyer’s journey. then, we create content, including blogs, landing pages, infographics, and more. they are all optimized for seo and conversions.


learn more about content 



 

link building services 
digital current has built over 2.5 million links. in 19 years, we’ve had zero client penalties (true story!). our link building process is natural, cost-effective, and backed by a guarantee. we’ve built links in 15 countries and 12 languages, and now our digital marketing agency wants to build traffic-boosting authority for you.



learn more about link building 



 

pay-per-click (ppc)
imagine increasing your ppc conversion rate by 180%. how much more revenue would that mean for you? that’s not crazy talk: that’s a real digital current client result. let our paid search and social experts help you eliminate wasted spend, decrease cpa, and create a ppc strategy that drives massive roas at scale.



learn more about ppc 



 

conversion rate optimization (cro) 
getting customers to your site is only part of the battle. if they don’t buy, sign up, or otherwise engage with your brand, then you lose revenue. let our phoenix seo agency help you maximize the return on investment from your digital marketing strategy with a methodical, data-driven cro that aligns with your high-level business goals.


learn more about cro 








trusted by industry leaders


































learn more about our clients see what we do for them
 






case study







                        featured

                        





delivering massive roi
when seo, content, link building and cro come together, roi can be as great as…


53,571%



read the case studysee all case studies 















why digital current?
 
















digital marketing that pays for itself
we enjoy increasing traffic just as much as the next digital marketing agency, but at the end of the day, we have one goal: growing your revenue. period. our seo company is conversion-driven, and we back it up with transparent reporting.








no one knows your business like you — until you meet us
we dive deep into your business, industry, and competitors. why? because a comprehensive analysis of your target audience is the foundation of our digital marketing agency’s winning strategy.







building lasting partnerships since 2003
our digital marketing agency is celebrating 11 years and counting with our oldest client. the partnership stayed strong through acquisitions and an ipo! our client relationships last for years because we deliver.







we wrote the book on seo
our phoenix seo firm was one of the first link building agencies to hit the scene. 17 years (and zero client penalties!) later, we’re still leading the pack with our proprietary seo methodology. we’ve developed a data-driven process that eliminates gaps in traditional methods like hub-and-spoke or five pillar to supercharge roi.









our awards & accolades 














 


 

 


 













 







want more customers?
our experienced digital marketing agency is ready to solve your toughest traffic and conversion challenges. contact us today for a no-obligation audit from a dependable seo agency in phoenix.


name* last name* email address*

website* what is your budget?what is your budget? (optional)under $5,000/month$5,000 - $10,000/month$10,000  - $30,000/month$30,000 - $100,000/month$100,000/month+how can we help you achieve your digital marketing goals?phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 























 (480) 223-1170 

1201 s alma school rd suite 16300 mesa, az 85210







about

company
careers
team
digital marketing faq
sitemap


 

digital marketing services

seo services
content marketing services
link building services | digital current
cro services
pay-per-click (ppc)
phoenix seo services
seo reseller & white-label program
seo reseller for web development


 

clients

seo for hotels and hotel groups
seo for franchises and multi-location businesses
seo for saas companies


 

blog

blog
case studies
company news


 

contact
 



a newsletter you’ll look forward to


email*


  

















 



  


 



 


 







2025 digital current, a semify brand. all rights reserved. legal
  
[geoip-country]










what can we help you with?


 


this could be the start of something great

contact us for a no-obligation seo strategy consult. we’ll respond within 1 business day

want to talk to someone now? give us a call at (844) 304-3088.







first name* last name* email address*

website ** what is your budgetwhat is your budget? (optional)under $5,000/month$5,000 - $10,000/month$10,000 - $30,000/month$30,000 - $100,000/month$100,000/month+messagenamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  






























































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 


