

















whelen - manufactured in america | emergency warning equipment







































































 





find a distributor















search








 



featured products

whelen cloud platform
arges® remote spotlight
field series™
cencom core®
freedom® iv
tracer™ wecanx®
wecanx® 2250
900 ez scene light™
m9 ez scene light™


auditory warning
control

full vehicle control systems
programmable flashers
switches


lighting

accessories
beacons
dash / deck / visor
lightbars
lightheads
traffic advisor™
white illumination


specialty products
mass notification
whelen aerospace technologies
 company

about us
whelen history
newsroom
trade shows
careers
contact us
motorsports


support

whelen learning
support & training
whelen command
vehicle outfitter
literature
market advisories
downloads
simulate
illumination designer


 












lighting the way forward

arges® remote spotlight is the next evolution of spotlight technology.


learn more












whelen training

our new online tool that lets customers complete courses on their own time, track their learning, and more!


learn more















redefine first responder safety

whelen is redefining control systems with cencom core®


learn more









 



cencom core®
with the greatest configurability, speed, and expansion yet, cencom core™ is a system created to enhance first responder safety with advanced automation and remote connectivity.







whelen cloud platform
the best way to keep your fleet up-to-date, enhance safety, and more.







tracer™ wecanx®
tracers now connect over the wecanx network and offer more customization than ever before. though similar in design to its predecessor, the new tracer uses enhanced optics to provide dynamic lighting output and control.







arges® remote spotlight
engineered from the ground up and packed with whelen’s most innovative technology, arges will make you rethink what a remote spotlight is capable of.







justice®
whelen’s justice® series features four corner linear-led modules, providing 360° coverage. now available in duo.







inner edge® fst™
low-profile lightbar that is mounted to the front visor of the vehicle, better utilizing vehicle contours, providing higher visibility and a custom fit.







pioneer™ family
with its structural design and innovative optic technology, the pioneer family is available in a variety of sizes and mounting options for every application.







vertex™
whelen’s vertex™ series offers three different optical light output models to direct light anywhere it is needed. now available in duo.







l31
l31 beacons provide the utmost versatility, featuring multiple mounting options and high and low dome models.



 
see all products










our facilities
one million square feet of engineering and manufacturing space in connecticut and                      new hampshire









our people
the largest design staff in the industry, over 1,200 dedicated employees, and a global sales, service, and support network









our production processes
combining hand assembly with advanced technology









our on-site environmental and performance testing lab
improving the quality, efficiency, and speed of product development
















from the firehouse to the finish line

2024 everyday champion scott finco’s journey of service and mentorship

read more





new free, downloadable whelen wallpapers for december

update your device and enhance your digital experience with our latest selection of whelen wallpapers.

read more





new free, downloadable whelen wallpapers for november

update your device and enhance your digital experience with our latest selection of whelen wallpapers.

read more





whelen’s international sales meeting: strengthening bonds, driving growth

figure 1: representatives from 30 countries attend whelen’s international sales meeting in springfield, massachusetts we recently had the pleasure of 

read more





enhancing first responder safety and efficiency with cloud-based technology

the implementation of cloud-based technology is not just a modern convenience; it is a critical advancement that can save lives.

read more





new free, downloadable whelen wallpapers for september

update your device and enhance your digital experience with our latest selection of whelen wallpapers.

read more





time is running out: 2024 whelen everyday champion nominations closing soon

with the september 6th deadline fast approaching, time is quickly running out to nominate a local hero.

read more





racing for a cause: honoring fallen firefighters at daytona

jesse love took to the daytona international speedway carrying the names of 226 fallen firefighters, representing whelen’s partnership with rcr and nfff. 

read more





free, downloadable whelen wallpapers for your device

update your device and enhance your digital experience with our latest selection of whelen wallpapers.

read more




more news








manufactured in america







			we're proud to celebrate over 70 years of manufacturing our products in america #weneverleft		
















 whelen aerospace technologies
with a rich history of technological innovations, whelen aerospace technologies is a global leader in the aerospace lighting market.

learn more








support & training
a set of resources curated by our tech support group and training team.

learn more








70 years of innovation
it takes an innovative spirit to do things the whelen way. our story begins with george whelen iii, and after seven decades we’re more excited than ever to continue his legacy.

learn more








field series™













home
vehicle outfitter
terms of use
privacy policy
transparency in coverage
 

about
our blog
regulatory
contact us
careers
 

all products
whelen aerospace technologies
sourcewell
naspo
canoe
gsa
 






 















© 2024 whelen. all rights reserved.


website designed by lounge lizard









close





"*" indicates required fields

name*companyphone number*email address*

state/province*message*captcha
  




















 
































 

