



horse massage therapy equine massage workshops animal & pet massage services































join us at synergy farm 
		for one of our equine, 
		canine or feline massage 
		clinics.  check out our 
		latest schedule and 
		register early!  
		classes fill quickly!
		














"i just wanted to thank you for such an	
		informative and educational course.  i
		thoroughly enjoyed the time i spent learning the
		art of equine massage, and your presentation
		was clear and reinforced all the information
		we received.  ps, i have already had 2
		requests for massage!"
		


--mary

















some other benefits include:
		
increase in circulation
removal of metabolic toxins
reduction of muscle tension, 
		        cramping & soreness
















"i just want to let you know that your
		workshop was much more than i expected!
		i liked that it was organized and efficient and that
		every minute counted.  i liked the constant feedback."
		


--lucy

















home


workshops


guest lectures


about us


itt newsletter


our products


our policies


testimonials


maps


contact us


request a brochure


faqs


what's new


links











we specialize in animal-massage
		training workshops; we have developed 
		instructional workbooks, dvds and have produced 
		colorful, fully-laminated equine, canine and 
		feline anatomy charts to help you learn.  
		you can purchase these products 
		through our secure on-line store. 
		

















itt workshop ce's have been accepted 
		by abmp, ima, nbcaam 
		and holistic nursing.  check with your
		governing body.
		









welcome to integrated touch therapy!


at itt,® inc., we provide hands-on animal massage 
	and bodywork workshops that teach you touch modalities, 
	which enhance health & wellness, providing relaxation, 
	stress reduction and/or performance enhancement for 
	dogs, cats and horses.  the small student-to-teacher 
	ratio of 8/1 helps each of our students receive 
	individual skills development and the attention they deserve. 
	





as of january 2024, our business office will remain in circleville, ohio,
		but our workshops will now be held at the annisage farm, 2080 tallyho drive in
		aiken, south carolina. 
		

		a quick overview of the tallyho farm is available here. 
		

		maria duthie will conduct all the workshops and classes.
		

		you may contact her via text, email or phone:
		

		440-669-6023◆ mariaduthieflip@icloud.com 
		

		you may also visit her website annisage.com.
		
		
		







patricia whalen-shaw, the president and primary instructor for itt, has been riding
	and working with animals for over 40 years.  she has taught equine, canine
	and feline massage for over 26 years.  she's a licensed massage therapist in ohio, 
	nationally certified by the ncbtmb, and is sports-massage certified.
	patricia  has had cats and dogs her whole life.  
	she has hundreds of hours of hands-on training and 
	uses her many training techniques including cranial sacral therapy, equine 
	myofacial therapy techniques, swedish massage, polarity therapy, reiki,  
	acupressure, jyn shin jyutsu and  lymph-drainage therapy. 
	




	itt was one of the first pet-massage schools established. 
	we have taught thousands of students, from all over the 
	world, the art of animal massage and bodywork.  our 
	dedicated, temperature-controlled classroom is located 
	at the scenic, relaxing atmosphere of synergy farm
	in south central ohio. 
	




	explore the massage-therapy techniques for animals in 
	our intensive pet-massage workshops.  these techniques 
	also enhance muscle function and efficiency, reduce 
	recovery time from injury or soreness after competition, 
	and strengthen the human-animal bond. you will discover 
	how animals can achieve full range of motion through 
	increased flexibility. we welcome your dog, cat or horse 
	to our workshops.
	




	the workshops we offer are for both professionals as well 
	as individuals who simply want to learn this work for the 
	benefit of their own animal family.  with a little hard work and 
	the willingness to learn, anyone can become adept at animal-massage techniques.  our 
	students integrate the skills they learned in our workshops 
	into their businesses, such as veterinary clinics, massage 
	practices, grooming businesses, pet sitting, boarding/
	training facilities, etc.  our graduates have told us that 
	the integrated touch therapies they learned here are a 
	must for those who volunteer to work on abused or 
	rescued animals and in wellness programs with recovering 
	or senior animals.  working on aging 
	and recuperating cats, dogs and horses is life changing!
	




	for your convenience, we have a library of educational 
	materials that you may check out while you are 
	attending class.




	patricia can travel for workshop training.  if you 
	are interested in hosting a canine, equine or feline 
	workshop in your area, please contact our office to 
	get more information.
	


 







itt is located at 7037 zane trail rd., p.o. box 652, circleville oh 43113 ♦  740-474-6436
wshaw1@bright.net



web updates
 by david poluxt at  first byte computer center, ashville ohio   






