








d.r. snell nursery















































































menu
skip to content
home
in the nursery
in the greenhouse
garden advice

plant diagnosis
gardening basics
what’s bugging you
gardener’s calendar
winter garden


products
events
premier specials
about us
at your service

landscaping gallery
product gallery


contact us
the blog
 













welcome to d.r. snell
we are a full service garden center, serving the community for over 30 years. we locally source plants and supply organic options. we have friendly experts on hand to inspire and teach, no matter what your experience level. we want to help beautify your surroundings, with our diverse selection of trees, shrubs, perennials, annuals, houseplants and home decor.


our store hours

winter hours:
monday-friday 9:00 am-4:00 pm
saturday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
sunday 10:00 am - 4:00 pm
closed wednesdays



our location
1025 ridge road mt. airy, md 21771tel. 301-831-7777 • 410-795-8822 fax: 301-829-9709click here for a map & directions



stay informed

register

click the button above to sign up for our emailers. you will receive updates, specials and coupons. it is that easy!




















































latest articles

 lilacs

early spring
in the nursery one of the most popular deciduous flowering shrubs, and certainly one of the most nostalgic, lilacs herald the arrival of spring. when we reminisce about this old-fashioned favorite we recall large panicles of sweetly scented, pale purple blossoms. today, however, lilacs are available in an incredible variety of sizes, growth habits, flowering times, bloom sizes, […]
continue reading →


 long-blooming perennials for summer

in the nursery
summer by choosing long-blooming perennial plants, you can capitalize on the best of both worlds – plants that come back from growing season to growing season, and those that bloom for an extended length of time.
continue reading →


 the benefits of pine bark mulch: the right choice for your garden

gardening basics
the blog the benefits of pine bark mulch: the right choice for your garden mulching is an essential practice for any gardener, providing numerous benefits to plants, soil, and the overall landscape. among the various mulch options available, pine bark mulch stands out as an exceptional choice, particularly when compared to shredded hardwood or dyed mulches. derived […]
continue reading →






just a few of the many brands we carry...















© 2025 d.r. snell nursery. all rights reserved. 


site designed and maintained by




d.r. snell nursery




d.r. snell nursery
homein the nurseryin the greenhousegarden advice

plant diagnosisgardening basicswhat’s bugging yougardener’s calendarwinter garden back
productseventspremier specialsabout usat your service

landscaping galleryproduct gallery back
contact usthe blog

				× close panel			




















