



































 






























 

login



en
nl
de


home
features
screenshots
examples
themes
pricing

trial
standard
business


contact

about us
blog


 











forms manager
create simple and complex forms and manage the response.




powerful features

enhanced validations
secure data transfer
pdf generator
workflow
lookup
webhooks to other apps
webservice api
view all features…



sample forms
view examples of forms here. if you want you can copy them to your own account and use it.





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







view all examples…


what is formdesk?

formdesk lets you design your own online forms such as application forms, registration forms, order forms and surveys.
you can place these forms on your internet or intranet site, or use them for e-mails or social media. formdesk forms are located on our own servers, to which you can refer by using a simple hyperlink or iframe.
designing forms can be done online because formdesk is a web-based tool, also called saas (software as a service). you therefore do not have to install any software.
formdesk sends completed forms to you by e-mail. you can also have confirmation messages sent automatically to the user who completed the form. and, would you like to request and download an overview of completed forms and import it to something like excel? with formdesk you can do just that. also secured web forms and intelligent forms are among formdesk’s applications. formdesk has all of the functions you would expect from a professional form tool.
but formdesk offers a lot more...
here’s an example, what about an “application for leave” form that automatically checks whether the requested holidays are available to the applicant? the manager can then look at the application form via a workflow tracker before it is passed on to the personnel department where it automatically gets sent to the hrm system. or a questionnaire that returns advice, based on the user’s input and then gives him the option to directly request a quote. or think of a order form that calculates the total amount, so the visitor can pay directly online.
working with formdesk, you will quickly discover powerful flexible features providing the solution for your form requirements. you will even discover that formdesk can be used for purposes that you wouldn’t expect a form solution to be suitable for.
and would you like to know how formdesk can make that complex custom form you need? our service desk is happy to answer all your questions by e-mail or phone.
the advanced options and business subscriptions we offer make formdesk the preferred professional form management system. formdesk is also very suitable as a tool for simple forms, thanks to the affordable standard subscription and the software’s ease of use.
discover the power of formdesk







try for free


you can try formdesk free of charge for 3 months.

					try formdesk now				


blog



								tip: use the authenticator app rather than emailverification							



								new: set retention periods							



								new recycle bin of results							



								new functions for user management							



								improved: overview login form							




			    			more			    		

support all your questions are always welcome. we answer them good and fast.

contact us

 

follow us


stay in touch with our news and developments.




















innovero software solutions b.v.
rijksstraatweg 713
			2245 cc wassenaar
			the netherlands
tel: +31 (0)85 - 401 46 80
			kvk: 27157981 the hague
			btw: nl807934951b01


main
features
examples
themes
pricing
tags
 

documents
general conditions
privacy statement
processor agreement (gdpr)
service level statement
security exploit bounty program
 

contact
contact form
about us
blog
quick support
 







