



















misource uniting talent with technology






front page - misource uniting talent with technology































813.286.9888





















toggle navigation








about us
staff augmentation 

staff augmentation
services

call center staffing
keys
                                to success
approve time reports
grc
telecom


job seekers 

job
                                seekers
call center staffing
search jobs
career
                                tools


internal positions 

internal positions
career
                                path
culture
benefits



itblog







uniting talent with technology

job
                    seekersemployersbrowse
                    openings



 










about misource
how misource unites talent with technology







employee resources
career tools and associate login







misource itblog
stay current with the latest news in the industry








mission statement
to facilitate a meaningful connection between our candidate and corporate clients. we do this by maintaining the deepest network of elite it professionals in the markets we serve. by understanding
                    each individual’s career and life goals we are able to unite each candidate with a top employer to
                    achieve the aspirations of both.








we have over 25 years of experience in it staffing
since 1999, misource has provided best-in-class staffing and recruiting services to many of the top companies nationwide. our areas of expertise include it, grc, telecom, & professional services.
we believe in three basic principles:

create a great working environment for our employees.
attract and retain the best it talent by developing long lasting relationships with our
                            consultants.
                        
put emphasis on every detail of not only our clients' skills requirement but also their
                            culture to make the right match.
                        

learn more 








employers
our placement specialists help organizations identify the top technical and cultural fit.
learn
                        more 










job seekers
as your career partner, your goals and success are our top concern.
learn
                        more 























misource continues to deliver in a timely fashion the quality applicants we are looking for.
installation company
operations manager


over the course of the past three years, we have hired numerous employees from misource ranging from entry level engineers to engineering managers. the level of quality has exceeded other recruiting vendors that we have used. i find this to be of no coincidence.
fortune 500 defense contractor
human resources manager


misource is always responsive and has provided us with several valuable and qualified personnel. misource is my staffing solution and i would recommend them to any company looking for a quality staffing firm.
support center manager
leading retail organization


i would like to thank misource, inc. for your stellar support in assisting us in filling 110 it professional staff positions. our industry is difficult to recruit for and misource has been able to place numerous superior candidates with us. misource, inc. has helped us meet a demanding program timeline.
it solutions and telecommunications company
ceo


their timeliness is most impeccable and the quality of people misource inc. has provided to our organization has been outstanding. from the first phone call to a prospective candidate to walking the candidate in on their first day of work, misource inc. cuts no corners in the recruiting process.
fortune 500 defense contractor
human resources manager


having misource, inc. on our team has proven to be a capability multiplier. without your assistance, we would have to have grown our hr staff by 5–6 people full-time. your company has provided a valuable service at a competitive cost and allowed my company to focus on our core service offerings to our customers.
ceo
it solutions company


i would recommend misource for any recruiting needs an organization has. they are such a great organization to work with and always find the best people that are reliable, knowledgeable and learn our way of doing things fast.
manager
telecommunications company


misource has manifested both professionalism and courtesy and, without fail, always follows the rules of engagement i set. they have provided me with quality candidates at a fair price. they have taken the time to understand my firm’s needs; more importantly, understand the intangibles that allow their candidates to stand out from his competition. when i needed a quick fill, misource was always able to assist without compromising the quality of candidate.
corporate recruiter
engineering and integrated services firm




 




contact misource:
call us at (813) 286‑9888, email us at info@misource.com, or fill out the form below and we will be in touch.


if you are a human, do not fill in this field.

if you are a human, do not fill in this field.

if you are a human, do not fill in this field.



name



phone



email





message






i am interested in




 job seeking                                        



 employer                                        





submit










about us
misource is a national staffing company, and is dedicated to our client partners success.
useful links

search jobs
request services
contact misource



recent itblog posts

where can you find skilled candidates during a talent shortage?
with the unemployment rate hitting record lows, employers are having a hard time locating skilled...


why employers need staffing agencies
when it’s time to hire new staff, companies either have their own hr personnel do the job or...



stay in touch
500 n westshore blvd, suite 1015tampa, fl, 33609	
contact a recruiter
main number (813) 286-9888
fax (813) 289-1001
toll free (877) 543-9540






 2025 misource, inc. all rights reserved.














