



university of houston-downtown

































skip to main content










request info
apply
accessuhd
myuhd
give
social


search









request info
apply
accessuhd
myuhd
give
social


 quick links 


quick links








academic calendar
academic affairs
admissions
advising
bookstore
canvas








career center - uhd
career center - marilyn davies cob
directory
events calendar
financial aid
gatormail








human resources
information technology
library
myuhd
parking
p.a.s.s.








police department
student business services
student life
testing services
transcripts
uhd news








 about uhd 


about uhd








about uhd
careers at uhd
community engagement
data analytics & institutional research
honor societies
mission & vision








news
office of the president
points of pride
quick facts
shared values
student achievement







information for ...

prospective students
current students
faculty/staff
alumni
visitors








                                             			uhd is home to a public art collection that highlights diversity, history and culture.
                                             		view art






 academics 


academics







colleges

marilyn davies college of business
college of humanities & social sciences
college of public service
college of sciences & technology








academic affairs
academic calendar
bookstore
catalog
class schedule








center for math & statistics support
continuing education
degrees & majors
honors program
library








off campus locations
office of study abroad
tutoring resources
uhd online
writing & reading center








 admissions & aid 


admissions & aid








admissions
apply to uhd
enrollment management
financial aid
scholarships








student business services
student jobs
transfer students
tuition & fees








                                             			if you're a new or returning student seeking the ultimate college experience, you're
                                             in the right place.
                                             		apply now






 campus locations 


campus locations







uhd northwest
uhd at lsc-cyfair
uhd at lsc-kingwood
uhd online
maps







uhd northwestvisit northwest location





uhd at lsc-cyfairvisit uhd at lsc-cyfair





uhd at lsc-kingwoodvisit uhd at lsc-kingwood




 


 student success 


student success








academic support center
accelerated transfer academy
accessible education center
center for math & statistics support
gator success institute








library
main career center
office of study abroad
registrar
student counseling services








student government association
student handbook
student health services
student success and student life








testing services
the writing and reading center
tutoring resources
veteran services








 student life 


student life







basic needs
bookstore
catalog








dateline downtown
dean of students
esports








events calendar
iradio
sports & fitness








student leadership & involvement
student organizations
student success and student life






 
















                     				welcome to  gator country!
                     				

                     	learn how to transfer
                     				

explore options


                           						i am a 


prospective student
current student
faculty & staff
alumni










                     			become an expert
                     		

                     			start your graduate journey today!
                     		
explore graduate programs







                     			your future, funded
                     		

                     			discover scholarships that help turn ambitions into achievements!
                     		
view scholarships







                     			elevate your expertise
                     		

                     			pursue professional development with our continuing education offerings!
                     		
enroll today










 take charge of your future 
uhd is here to guide your journey

you’re not just choosing a university—you’re choosing a partner in success. at uhd,
                                    our graduates carry an average student debt that’s 83% lower than the national average,
                                    giving you the freedom to focus on your goals, not your finances. with an average
                                    class size of 23 students and a student-to-faculty ratio of 18:1, you’ll receive the
                                    personal attention you deserve to thrive.
no matter where you’re starting, we’ll help you take the next step. whether you’re
                                    exploring career-changing degree options, returning to school, or transferring from
                                    another institution, our team is ready to support you. your story matters, and we’re
                                    here to help you write the next chapter.

take the first step













interested in uhd? take the next step!


applytransfervisit campus

















a journey through time: celebrating our legacy
step into a visual narrative of memorable moments from the university of houston-downtown.
                                    this photo gallery showcases the defining events and milestones that have shaped our institution over the years.
                                    from inspiring commencement ceremonies and vibrant campus celebrations to impactful
                                    community service initiatives and groundbreaking academic achievements, each image
                                    tells a story of growth, perseverance, and unity. join us as we honor the spirit of the gator community and reflect on the journey that
                                    brought us to where we are today. together, we celebrate the people, memories, and moments that have made uhd a beacon of excellence and inspiration.

view gallery












upcoming events
                                 							view all
                                 						



     feb                    18                  11:30 am - 1:00 pm tdecu tour room    searching for black ancestors in the american west    office of the president          feb                    25                  3:45 pm - 5:15 pm c100 event room    leveraging your emotions to fuel drive and purpose    center for community engagement & service learning          feb                    26                  8:00 am - 5:00 pm milam & travis rooms    uhd day at the capitol: advancing safety & research    office of the president          feb                    26                  1:00 pm - 2:00 pm     insight into the international admissions process: boost your academic potential!    international admissions          feb                    26                  4:00 pm - 7:00 pm uhd @ 1801 - amegy bank, 10th floor    uhd law summit: partnering with houston law firms    career center          feb                    27                  1:30 pm - 7:30 pm o'kane theatre    pipeline | a play by dominique morisseau    o’kane theatre     








a glimpse into uhd’s forward-thinking vision
at the university of houston-downtown, we’re shaping a dynamic future as an anchor
                                    institution for the greater houston region. since 2021, uhd has embarked on a comprehensive
                                    planning process—including a strategic plan, academic master plan, campus master plan,
                                    and quality enhancement plan—focused on innovation, growth, and community engagement.
                                    through these efforts, uhd is enhancing its campus, expanding academic opportunities,
                                    and strengthening its ties with houston to create a vibrant, impactful university
                                    for all. visit the future of uhd to learn more about uhd’s journey and plans for the future!

learn more













featured stories     from uhd news
read more







february 14, 2025


mdcob tutoring center paves the way for student success
the path to our vibrant, urban campus isn’t always a linear one. some of us, faculty
                                    and staff included, lived a previous life in another career until, one day, we realized
                                    that we weren’t living our purpose or serving others.












february 14, 2025


from harlingen to houston, chief j. noe diaz walked a challenging path
j. noe diaz, jr., houston chief of police, grew up in the small town of harlingen,
                                    texas. as a boy, diaz recalls his fascination with state troopers, and at 5 to 6 years
                                    old, he made the decision to follow in their footsteps.












february 07, 2025


bolstering transfer students: the new transfer academy for student success
a whopping 65% of uhd’s degree-seeking undergraduates began as transfer students.
                                    understanding that the transition from a two-year college to a four-year university
                                    can be difficult, uhd has always been supportive of its transfer students.












february 07, 2025


passion to profession: uhd alum henry gonzales' impact on juvenile justice
henry gonzales, uhd adjunct professor and executive director and chief juvenile probation
                                    officer of harris county juvenile probation department, started his career journey
                                    at a magnet program while attending high school. soon after, gonzales attended uhd,
                                    where working full-time while attending school proved to be a challenge.












february 05, 2025


uhd music appreciation club
from arguing about which is the cure's best album to asking if someone has seen blackpink
                                    jennie's latest music video, uhd's music appreciation club (umac) is home to passionate
                                    conversation between music lovers. when music interests align and our favorite artist
                                    goes on tour, who better to talk about it with than our friends?












january 24, 2025


nsse is coming! what it is and why it matters
students:  soon you will see notices and fliers around campus about a survey called
                                    nsse. the national survey of student engagement (nsse) is the most widely used national
                                    survey of college students. uhd will be administering it to all first-year and senior
                                    students.

















               									one main street 
               									houston, tx 77002713-221-8000visitor parking & ride share
               									201 girard street 
               									houston, tx 77002



a–z index
academic affairs
accessible education center
campus carry policy
canvas


compact with texans
directory
human resources
information technology
library


mental health resources
parking & transportation services
quality enhancement plan
sacscoc
student achievement

















©2025 university of houston-downtown
                  							

report a problem with this page
university of houston system
privacy notice
fraud reporting
fraud & non-compliance hotline
linking notice
open records
institutional resume
state required reports
texas homeland security
texas public information act (tpia)
texas.gov
trail
sexual misconduct & discrimination reporting
university policies
texas veterans portal
student conduct incident report










©
