

(979)704-1113 college station texas clock repair























now in college station, located about 100 miles nnw of houston and 100 miles east of austin, texas. my address is 8709 greenleaf drive in emerald forest. i am available by appointment only: call (979)704-1113 for repair of mechanical clocks.  no house calls. (click here for a google map).

click here to enter my website directly. look here for clock buying tips.

welcome to mark headrick's horology page! i have made many changes to make my website more user friendly for mobile devices, like smartphones (iphone, android), and ipads. this website is about modern and antique clock repair and horology with the equivalent of over 200 pages of clock repair information for antique clock repair and for modern clock repair. it also contains extensive information about clock and watch escapement design and many escapements in motion that show the viewer how each escapement is supposed to work.

my business is antique clock repair. the most well-known clocks in this area are seth thomas, herschede, howard miller, ridgeway, and sligh clocks.  i provide service for all brands of mechanical clocks, including brands that are less well known, such as atmos, gustav becker, lenzkirsch, sessions, waterbury, gilbert, ingraham, smith, hermle, schatz, kundo, ithaca, elliott, and emperor clocks. 

seth thomas, herschede, sessions, waterbury, gilbert, ingraham, ithaca, emperor, hammond and revere telechron are all american clock brands that are no longer being manufactured, although seth thomas and herschede do continue to exist in name only. howard miller (zeeland, michigan), sligh (zeeland, michigan) and ridgeway (pulaski, virginia) are three companies that manufacture clock cases and install german mechanisms such as hermle, urgos and kieninger, of which my favorite mechanism is the kieninger grandfather movement with triple chimes and cable-driven weights and a lyre pendulum. the quality of the cabinets made by howard miller, sligh and ridgeway should be judged individually as pieces of furniture since it is difficult to generalize about quality. emperor used to make grandfather clock kits for those who wanted to make their own emperor grandfather clocks. seth thomas, hammond and revere telechron made many electric clocks and these tend to be undervalued because electric clocks are not sought after by collectors. ithaca calendar clocks are very much desired by collectors since the ithaca calendar mechanism is an added feature (collectors love features). most of the clocks made by seth thomas, ingraham, sessions, waterbury and gilbert had recoil escapements and pendulums. smiths and elliott are british clocks: smiths clocks were mass-produced, whereas elliott clocks were high grade and of low-volume production (so desired by collectors). gustav becker, lenzkirsch, kundo and schatz are all german clocks of good quality. gustav becker and lenzkirsch clocks are very much desired by collectors. the kundo and schatz labels are most frequently found on 400 days clocks (anniversary clocks). atmos clocks are made by jaeger le coultre in switzerland. atmos clocks are designed to be wound by the expansion and contraction of a bellows, which is affected by changes in atmospheric temperature and pressure. atmos clocks are among the finest mechanical clocks available today: each atmos has what is essentially a watch escapement and a torsion pendulum (like an anniversary clock pendulum) and all brass parts are gold plated. 

some of my web pages:
clock repair main page
escapements in motion 
french clock photos 
clock buying tips 
southern calendar clock 
atmos 540 clock 
herschede clocks 
russian mig clock 
wwii military chronograph 
the curse of quartz 
elgin railroad watch 
vintage rolex watch






the missions of san antonio: visit the spanish missions in san antonio, texas. most tourists visit only the alamo, missing out on so much of san antonio's history. 



dinosaurs in texas: fossils and skeletons, mostly from texas, including a pterosaur with its forty foot wing span. 




the painted churches of texas: visit some of the stunning 19th-century churches with their elaborately decorated interiors, built circa 1840 to 1920 in the area around schulenburg, texas, by czech, wendish and german immigrants.




paintings and art: a fantastic collection of paintings and more art, some dating back to the middle ages.




santo domingo: a photo gallery showing the dominican republic the way i remember it, not the way you see in the tourist books. my family lived there for 27 years. anyone planning a vacation should consider santo domingo as their next destination. as the first european city in america, its historical monuments and history offer so much more than the isolated beach resorts. forget punta cana and altos de chavón.




 vintage car photo gallery: visit my photo gallery of vintage and antique cars with over 200 photos from dick's classic car museum and the central texas museum of automotive history.




social stratification: sociology students will be interested to read dr. cecil headrick's thesis, explaining how the american dream was systematically denied to the majority of americans. though cecil wrote his thesis in 1941, so much of it remains true today!





the headrick family tree: originally from scotland, william headrick emigrated to america in 1753. his descendants settled in greeneville, tennessee, and then in winfield, kansas. i am a twelfth-generation american and a son of the revolution, with ancestors from finland, sweden, norway, scotland, england, ireland, france, germany, poland, turkey, and austria-hungary. this genealogy website now has 60 family trees with my ancestors. find your ancestors on geneanet and geni to build a website about your family trees. 
jupiter: some photos of jupiter and the moon above austin. 
christmas lights: some photos in beachy park, college station. 
compendio jurídico dominicano: estudiantes de la ley dominicana y abogados también  pueden leer gratis el compendio del dr. william c. headrick, un abogado en santo domingo entre 1974 y 2002. sus otros libros incluyen "tendencias actuales del derecho francés," "los derechos humanos en europa y américa," y su última obra en 2008:  "diez años de jurisprudencia civil y comercial (1997-2002)." su firma fue elegida mejor firma de abogados en la república dominicana en 2016 y 2022.
© copyright 1999: 
abbey clock clinic 








mark headrick. offering clock repair service in college station, texas.by appointment only: (979) 704-1113.



