


andrology : impotence, infertility, men's health, male menopause, male sexual disorders. (urology)















sex is not a four-letter word


publisher: rupa & co., india


a sex edutainment book by dr. sudhakar krishnamurti... more


buy online at


rediff books, google.com,  amazon.com, ndtv fabmall, linux bazar










(an-drol'-uh-jee) the science of diseases of the male sex,especially of those of the male reproductive organs.
- blakiston's medical dictionary( andro - a combining form meaning "male", "male part or organ". also, andr - [ < gk andr- ] )



ask any ten year old school kid with an average gk (general knowledge) who a gynecologist is or what gynecology is, and pat will often come the right answer. for some obscure reason, the greek root 'gynaik', which means 'woman', seems to be very well known to many. 
yet 'andrology', with its exactly identical and obvious greek roots, is something that many doctors haven't even heard of. what's worse is that many respectable dictionaries don't mention it either. this is despite yahoo and google yielding nearly one and a half million links when one enters 'andrology' as the search term.
confusing the issue further is the fact that, except in a few countries, andrology remains a sub-specialty area within urology. this is probably because, unlike in the female, the same organ (penis) is used for both urination and copulation in the male, and hence the territorial encompassment - and confusion. 
and then there are the 'laboratory' andrologists. many of these people are not physician doctors, but scientists whose specialty fields include biochemistry, animal science, molecular & cell biology, and reproductive technologies. these are non-clinical fields. their use of the terms 'andrology' and 'andrologist' probably derives from the fact that many of these workers are spermatologists, i.e. scientists who study spermatozoa. technically speaking, one has to admit that sperms are quintessentially masculine, and hence 'andro'. yet, this is somewhat akin to calling a scientist who examines urine under the microscope, an 'urologist'. 
it is quite obvious therefore, that there's a lot of confusion here and that this nomenclature needs to be reviewed. 
hardly surprising then, that so much ambiguity and ignorance surround not only the term 'andrology', but also many andrological conditions and disorders. 
take impotence or erectile dysfunction (ed). for centuries, impotence has been presumed to be the result of mental (or psychogenic) causes, and countless millions of patients have either undergone ineffective psychiatric treatment, or worse - fallen prey to aphrodisiacs and other thoroughly useless forms of 'medication' dispensed by quacks. 
research has now conclusively shown that impotence has a physical (or physiological) cause in nearly 90% of cases. and like most other physiological problems, impotence is often eminently curable. it is quite unfortunate that often the blame for this is put on the woman and she is labeled 'frigid' instead of the man addressing his problem!
it's the same with male infertility, another very common andrological condition. even though it is the man who is responsible for nearly 50 % of all childlessness among couples, in many parts of the world it is still the 'barren' woman who is usually blamed. 
and so on...
welcome to theworld of andrology
this site intends to be a rich source of current information covering all major aspects of andrology - information that will be constantly upgraded and updated to keep you abreast of the fast paced advancements taking place in the understanding and treatment of andrological problems. this site contains information for both the layman as well as the non-specialist medical professional. so, whether you are an andrologically challenged male, or the companion of one, or even a general physician with such a patient, do bookmark this site for constant support, information, and assistance in dealing with the problem.
for now, follow this link to enter the world of andrology.








impotence (erectile dysfunction, ed)male infertilityvaricoceleejaculatory disturbancesfemale sexual dysfunction (f s d)sexual medicineandropause (male menopause)peyronie's disease, penile curvatures & deformitiespenis augmentationtranssexualism & sex change surgerythe science of andrologyandromeda andrology centerhyderabad, india dr. sudhakar krishnamurtionline consultation with dr. sudhakar krishnamurtiagassi(ageing, gender, andrology, & sexual sciences society of india)forthcoming events in andrologyhumorsex is not a four-letter word(an edutainment book on sexual medicine by dr. sudhakar krishnamurti)andrology home







"best of asia pacific"awarded july 1998
sep 1998
awarded by netscape- oct 1999
awarded october 1999



dec 1999
top site - may 2000
double golden star awarded - may 2000
best of the web (excellent rating)awarded - may 2001




awarded - june 2006
awarded - june 2007
awarded - 2009



awarded - april 2010






© 2012 andromeda andrology centerfirst floor, topaz, greenlands roadp.o. box 1563, hyderabad 500082, indiaphone : + 91 40 2340 2430, 2341 6402fax : + 91 40 2340 5096email : andromedaandrology@gmail.com
many of the images used in this site are from the sponsor's own collection. some are from corel corporation. a few are assumed to be in the public domain. information to the contrary, if any, may kindly be emailed to us.disclaimer
site design by rage-india   
 
 

¥¹¥ë©`¥«©`ŒŸétµêrakutencity.com¥¹¥ë©`¥«©`¼¤°²í¨øœß\„óñ¥ŒŸétµêñ¥¼¤°²í¨øœµêån¥ê¥¤¥­ŒŸétµê¥¹¥ë©`¥«©`¤îøœ‰ó¥µ¥¤¥è

