




oil & gas asset clearinghouse - acquisitions & divestitures



























































                        listings
                    



                        about
                    



                                about us
                            



                                our team
                            



                                testimonials
                            





                        resources
                    



                                registration requirements
                            



                                due diligence
                            



                                checkout and payment
                            



                                faqs
                            



                                articles
                            





                        services
                    



                        contact us
                    




                login | register
            





    
colt@model aco.public._2021.viewmodels.contactusviewmodel























                    marketplace for oil & gas assets.
                


                    founded in 1992, clearinghouse has brokered more than 32,000 transactions, including   



                    view listings
                

                    sell asset
                

 
 

















 




platforms



                    an asset-driven process leading to success.
                


                    clearinghouse will help you choose the marketing platform that best fits the assets you are selling. the correct marketing venue will assure the highest returns.
                

 











                            negotiated transaction
                        








                                value is greater than $10mm with substantial reserves
                            








                                higher upside/higher pdp ratio
                            








                                operated/non-operated working interest
                            








                                geographically concentrated portfolio
                            








                                recommended for assets that are technically complex
                            








                                a negotiated transaction typically has a three- to six-month sales cycle
                            


 











                            live auction
                        








                                logical groupings typically have a value range of $10k to $20mm
                            








                                primarily pdp reserves
                            








                                operated/non-operated working interest, leasehold, orri, royalties, minerals
                            








                                usually geographically diverse
                            








                                30- to 60-day sales cycle
                            


 

 
 









0



                        years since our founding speaks to our industry credibility.
                    




0



                        transactions brokered. sellers love clearinghouse and come back.
                    




                        $00.0b
                    


                        billions in sales with over 500k properties sold.
                    


 
 








subscribe to clearinghouse asset marketing emails
                


                    from us to your inbox weekly.
                






















                                "the team at oil & gas asset clearinghouse has earned my kudos. both my staff and i have had the pleasure of working with them and have found them to be professional, attentive, and highly knowledgeable. it's a breath of fresh air to interact with people who excel at what they do."
                            

                                terry gant
                                land manager, eog resources, inc.
                            





                                "og clearinghouse has provided a seamless process for divesting our oil & gas assets. every member of their team is extremely knowledgeable and helpful with any questions that arise. they were timely with their responses and are a pleasure to work with. i would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell!"
                            

                                dakota postal
                                president, tomahawk energy management, llc
                            





                                "in early 2021 we made the decision to liquidate by year-end several of our mature producing oil/gas properties that did not offer near term drilling opportunities.  we evaluated multiple auction/sales services we had previously worked with on the buy-side and selected oil & gas clearinghouse to handle our sales.  we could not have been more pleased with the pre-sale marketing guidance, key data development and support they provided, and the post-auction negotiations they managed for the properties that did not reach our reserve price in the auction.  the entire oil & gas clearinghouse team provided superb service throughout the process and we certainly plan to work with them again on our future sales transactions."
                            

                                gvh capital llc, wilson, wy
                            





                                "i would like to tell you how happy i am with the results of the oil & gas asset clearinghouse handling the sale of mineral rights for noonday.  your staff was fantastic.  they handled all of the logistics of identifying the properties and preparing them for the auction.  your legal team was great and communication was quick and friendly.  i was also pleasantly surprised with the final results.  the return was higher than i expected and the bonus was working with such a competent and friendly team."
                            

                                william saxon
                                noonday royalty
                            





                                "i was very pleased with the overall performance from the clearinghouse. i was pleasantly surprised at the values we received for our assets in their live auction setting. the overall process was seamless and even though we had to complete the conveyance documents, i appreciated that the proper conveyance forms were provided to us. the detail in the data package that was presented on-line was well structured and easily accessible. i would utilize the services of the clearinghouse again."
                            

                                robert bkearney county bank
                            





                                "we recently used the oil & gas asset clearinghouse for the marketing and selling of an operated working interest in kansas.  our experience was great.  both the account rep and the transaction staff were very attentive and quick with responses and answered all questions with transparency in regards to expectations and market status.  the process was as seamless as they advertise, and final presentation was laid out professionally with data readily at your fingertips.   the best result was that they sold and closed on my deal as expected.  i would use the clearinghouse for any future purchases or asset sales."
                            

                                james havercyclone petroleum, inc.
                            





                                "from building the virtual data room to final negotiations in a sealed bid process, the clearinghouse is a top-notch sales shop. the clearinghouse team’s intimate knowledge of the market was instrumental in getting the best possible value for our assets in a volatile market. i look forward to working with the clearinghouse on future projects and i have recommended their team to our industry partners and colleagues."
                            

                                will rutherfordoxbow petroleum, llc
                            




 
 














asset listings



                    find an asset of your liking. 
with multiple presentation views.
                


                    clearinghouse provides a suite of tools to filter and identify assets based on the criteria you define.
                















 
 








our clients



                    used by your favorite companies
                


                    many of the greatest companies in the world are already using clearinghouse to help sell assets.
                

 
 














































































































 





























                        company
                    




                                about us
                            



                                our team
                            






                        resources
                    




                                registration requirements
                            



                                due diligence
                            



                                checkout and payment
                            



                                faqs
                            



                                contact us
                            






                        a&d services
                    




                                a&d services
                            






                        legal
                    




                                disclosures and policies
                            



                                terms of service
                            



 


                    securities offered through d.h. hill securities, lllp, member finra/sipc, 1543 green oak place, suite 100, kingwood, texas 77339, phone 832-644-1852.  oil & gas asset clearinghouse, llc and d.h. hill securities, lllp are not affiliated.
                

 



















   









