




findingher — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































finding_her
—

                    
                        
                            memorial account
                        
                    
                












< no suspend reason >









readability







                    more
                














finding_her


                        
                            
                                memorial account
                            
                        
                    




                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









my knit blog
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            findingher
        

            projectile writing and crafting- now with new improved snarking!
        




june 20081234567
891011121314
15161718192021
22232425262728
2930






22 june 2008 @ 06:54 pm
dial up users beware  


( pictures from brooklyn botanic gardens with deecollapse )
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


23 april 2008 @ 09:00 pm
baby steps...  


so lately i've taken up walking. dr p has been on my case to get some form of exercise, and the lung transplant team has as well- i need to get strong so i can kick ass after transplant. however, this hasn't been easy.it started off good- i've been mapping where i walk, so i'll know the distance. been trying to be consistent, and at least walk a mile almost every day. it started off and it felt easy. i felt good, only sweaty, and of course had big coughing fits, but they were okay. but the more i walk, the more out of breath i've been getting. i don't mean increasing distance- i mean the more days i do it, the harder it seems to be getting! why does it start out easy and get harder?! i scare the crap out of my walking partner, my friend steph. she's asked me a few times now if i'm sure i'm supposed to be doing this, looking at me a little warily like i'm about to pass out on her. it's funny, because i scare the crap out of normal people, but if my cf doctor could see me, she'd probably shrug and say "good, she finally got off her couch and is getting that junk up."
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


 



19 april 2008 @ 11:37 pm
(no subject)  


american idol is having andrew lloyd webber week this week...i'm wicked excited. yeah, yeah, i know. i'm a dweeb. this could be either really awesome, or terribly disappointing.the office was made of win this week. i laughed, and i cried, and i watched it twice. it's still on my tivo.
 
leave a comment




 


02 april 2008 @ 06:42 pm
pray for our web miracle family!  


cf husband nate just posted that tonight's call for tricia's lungs appears to be a go. this means tricia is being prepped for surgery, and the lungs appear to be healthy and good!*dances*if you haven't been reading along, tricia became pregnant this past fall unexpectedly while she was testing to be placed on the lung transplant list. she couldn't list, as she and nate chose to continue the pregnancy, and place tricia and her baby in god's hands, despite some dire warnings. tricia gave birth via c-section in january, to micro-premie gwyneth. gwyneth is growing and doing well so far, thankfully, with some minor bumps here and there.tricia had to be put on a ventilator after the birth, but recovered quickly from the c-section. she was placed on the transplant list, and has been waiting patiently for her chance. after over 3 months in the hospital, and one false alarm, today, on nate's birthday, we have real hope that this is the miracle set of lungs we've been praying for! seriously, i think about half the web is rejoicing. see a past news story about them here, and read their blog here.
 
8 comments | leave a comment




 


 



30 march 2008 @ 04:17 pm
(no subject)  


so, i added this to my facebook account, so my public entries will be updated there as well. i'm testing it out now. supposedly if i don't want an entry to show up on my facebook feed...a piece of toast will show up and i have to click on it after i post. um...what?
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



15 march 2008 @ 12:38 am
(no subject)  


on sunday, i had to admit that my port had been hurting a bit, and i had to change the needle. i was on my every six hour med, aztreonam, so i had been hoping to wait it out till monday, when i'd go back to one of my every 8 hour meds, cefepime. i was out with steph, but she kindly came back to my apartment with me to hang out after i pulled the needle. it had been in contact with my skin for too long, so it was all pink and had rubbed away a bit. ew.it's remained pink, and since i've been feeling pretty good, i decided it was time for a break. it's been nice- almost a week of just sleeping in, showering without having to cover my port up with a cut up ziplock bag, and feeling "normal". that said, it's going to be hard to go back to it. i know i have to, as at clinic this week, my pfts had taken a very slight dip, but enough to remind me once again i'm on borrowed time here. i can't afford any mistakes, and i don't have the freedom to play around. it's been nearly a year since i started this regimen, and for the most part, i've been happy with it. it lets me stay home, and live life (albeit, sometimes only in the hours between meds). but the past few months, i've grown a little weary of it. a year of waking up every day for meds, going back to sleep, waking back up, disconnecting, going back to sleep, hooking up again various times a day, and the shower thing- i hate having to do so much prep just to bathe. i like just stepping in the tub, and letting the water run on my skin. it's not as fun when you hear the sounds of the water hitting the plastic tarp on your chest.today, however, despite my dreading accessing my port again, i felt ashamed of it. one of the cystics i follow online, is a 23 year old girl named gina, known as pepe. she's a tower of strength that i can't fathom, that my heart aches for, and my brain can't understand. my lung function at clinic, was 30% of what a normal person's would be. gina is living with 6%. no, that's not a typo. she lives in the hospital, sometimes having to be vented. she lives in pain, not being able to take pain meds, as they cause her o2 sats to drop even more. her lungs bleed, and she has embolizations to stop them. she lives on, not because there's nothing to help her, but because she wants to. if she said the word, she could be given morphine, and would probably drift away. but determination, and hope, unlike any i've ever known, gets her through each day, and lets her thank her lungs, as crappy as they are, for still working enough to keep her alive. i'm humbled, and ashamed when i think of how much gina goes through every day, and how i stupidly complain about my med schedule. pray for gina, if you're the praying type. she wants so much to live, and to be put out of her misery and live on. she's having a tough weekend already, and could use the thoughts.friends of pepe blog
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


 



07 december 2007 @ 04:04 pm
(no subject)  


tags: friends only
 
14 comments | leave a comment




 


29 november 2006 @ 12:08 pm
(no subject)  


stephanie and i have been friends since second grade. that's a whole lot of black mail material :) she just got engaged on saturday! i'm so happy for her! so steph...what are the choices of what to eat at the wedding? i vote for chicken. hehe. i love you!
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



26 november 2006 @ 03:25 am
alienstranger rocks.  


biiiiiiiig thank you to alienstranger for the paid time and user pictures! it was unexpected, and sweet!!
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


26 november 2006 @ 03:24 am
(no subject)  


things to do this season:decorate our apartment!take a drive to view christmas lightsvisit la salette shrinehopefully attend mass on christmas eve :)
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























