



bilderberg nazi roots censored by wikipedia stratcom hackers - https://37.220.108.147/members/www.bilderberg.org/ www.bilderberg-mirror.org.uk high priests of globalisation - bilderberg conferences - parasitic nato mafia p2 style governmnent of power elit








| 

| 

| 

| 

| 


"the high priests of
globalisation"will
huttontransatlantic power élite's secret bilderberg 
conferences & state terror research since 1996 from bristol, englandofficial bilderberg pr website is
here - bilderberg.org press.
please mirror this site if you can (fixed ip
site
& forum). 
my old public interest site"the only thing necessary for the
triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" - edmund burke
bristol
mp 1774-1780

bilderberg 
2025: 10-15 june, 
grand hotel, 103 27, stockholm, sweden
traitors of arnhem. my bilderberg 
nazi origins book 2nd edition

just out and
talk in oosterbeek, (sep18)
josef 
retinger on origins - press 
tv, 
news, weekly radio
show
youtube 
[nsakilled],
twitter +
archive 1... 9/11,
land
rights &
bilderberg lists + column
my talks:
the 
war isn't meant to be won (2017),
when  propaganda stops 
working (2016),
news or theatre? (2015), revolutionary acts of 
journalism (2014)
a
bridge not far:
bilderberg spawned 
in nazis' sep 1944 arnhem hexenkessel
- operation market garden's 3 bilderberg
'coincidences'

tony gosling's 3 books published may/june 2021 - 
paperbacks: the bilderberg 
nazi origins 
and secret govt. anthology 
- or all 3 as ebooks here, free 
watermarked pdfs (below)










 
please give a donation for watermarked books or
(see my shop to buy 
ebooks)




regular donations
small monthly : £5.00 gbp - monthly
small annual : £30.00 gbp - yearly
large monthly : £20.00 gbp - monthly
large annual : £250.00 gbp - yearly
patron monthly : £200.00 gbp - monthly
patron annual : £2,500.00 gbp - yearly
 









the siege of heaven - how breaking the grip of oligarchy will 
unleash the world's potential - by tony gosling
donation only 
watermarked pdf [or buy 
ebook pdf for £15.00] of 
collection of articles and timeline, explaining how power really operates - how 
diabolical secret societies have been controlling humanity's spiritual, economic 
and political institutions for millennia (nov 2020)

the traitors of arnhem 
(historical military investigation) - allied/nazi treachery in the endgame of 
world war two - by tony gosling
paperback 
(£15, illustrated, 100 pages)
donation only watermarked pdf [or buy
ebook pdf for £10.00] of my book 
on sept 1944 'bridge too far' arnhem battle and bringing of hitler's treasurer 
martin bormann to england in may 1945 at the end of wwii (oct 2020)


the siege of heaven reader 
(anthology) - extracts which detail the occult's 
diabolical steering of humanity over the last 500 years - by tony gosling
paperback 
(£20, illustrated, 350 pages) -
donation only watermarked pdf [or 
buy ebook pdf for £10.00] of extracts - which describe how diabolical 
secret societies have been controlling humanity's spiritual, economic and 
political institutions for the last 500 years - biblical interpretation: inner 
light devotional and social justice anthology - and historical timeline (nov 2020)

 

james perloff - is the

sars-cov-2 bioweapon -

renamed covid-19 -

an attempt to enslave free people of the world -

the beginning of the end? -
tony gosling

charles, 
prince regent: a ticking time bomb?

charles will become head of state in april 2021 but queen elizabeth won't 
'abdicate'  
03jun20 
- the mahogany box: diana's secret tapes about prince 
charles' scandals & palace rape entrusted to paul burrell
02jun20 
- the paris london connection: john morgan's summary of 
the mi6 assassination of princess diana. inquest & police investigation
brexit 
news -

ex-bilderberg bigwig ken clarke mp ejected from conservative party
may 
1945:  churchill's

secret deal with hitler's treasurer bormann for a share in 
$1bn in fourth reich nazi loot

-> the timeline

 





 

editions of
here and 
now magazine - in tribute to
bilderberg 
paper author
prof. 
mike peters who wrote for it
 beta bilderberg.org wordpress ->
is here
bilderberg jun 2018:

7-10th june, nh torino lingotto congress, turin, italy -

davos 2018 

explainer (daily mirror)
22may2019 
ebook - christchurch massacre:

and john podesta by john d. philman in
open docx and
pdf
15jan2016 ebook
- banking pirates of the city of london by john d. christian in
word doc
and pdf



  
 1900hrs 20 sep 1944, 
nijmegen. can british army reach arnhem
despite 
bilderberg traitors?
my scenarios for two market garden wargames
first
they
came
for
the
muslims - then they
came for
the unembedded
journalists
- then
they
came 4
the travellers 
-> top news
sites


 rt | nukes
| history


feb17 
- martin bormann & nazi 
survival: allied/nazi traitors in 
'marilyn, hitler and me, the memoirs of milton shulman' (1998)
 
bilderberg 2017: 1-4 june, chantilly, virginia, usa - bilderberg 2016 exclusives
recorded in dresden 1, 2,
3,
4,
5,
6

& masterclass
terrorism expert: i worked 1989-90 at bbc glr on ira london bombs - 

and dissected the 2005, 7/7 london bombings for the 10th anniversary 
my 
dec 2016 eschatology 
presentation - the traitor of arnhem by lt. 
col. oreste pinto - nazi agent in partisans betrays market garden 
causing 
oosterbeek 
wwii slaughter  first bilderberg meeting site - 
churchill's bomb by graham farmelo 
- what the 
bbc won't tell you about brexit



free publicity! hatchet jobs on me in daily
beast and washington
post - see vids above /\ plus... tyrol bilderberg
2015 'kiss of death' for neutral austria? briefing by myself and
martin summers: bilderberg
forum news & contextual feed for june 11-14 2015 bilderberg
meeting in tyrol, austria - charlie
hebdo paris attacks: nato
false flag terrorism and the historical picture [.mp3]
- bilderberg 2014 on
ukraine: military chiefs, arms bosses and billionaire speculators ...
charlie skelton's bilderblog - copenhagen
may-june 2014 - my bilderberg
2013 talk - missing malaysian
mh370 - top
italian judge publishes evidence of bilderberg
commissioning terrorist attacks


 

kiev's neo-nazi
coup as ukraine caught
in tug-of-war between nato
& russia - gchq
use orwell's 'telescreens' - death
& masonic corruption at gloucestershire's cotswold water park
- my articles from bristol indymedia
- jfk 50th (full
coverage): the
garrison interview (1988) guns & butter + william cooper: jfk
sacrificed to priesthood of the 'old gods' - wwf,
bilderberg & the
silence of the pandas -first step to microchipping the
population? julie
beal: digital id for all uk citizens starting with the poor -
cameron wants uk police state, declares
war on press, defends nsa gchq criminal data trawls - killing
journalism: 1st private company providing psychological
warfare services, or 'psyops', on the open market - award winning
us
investigative journalist michael hastings was investigating cia
director paul brennan's domestic psyops when
his 'smart' mercedes 'crashed', killing him - british journalist
in argentina discovers photo of hitler's
deputy martin bormann's 1953 born daughter: read manning
& op
jb - forget the bank of canada, mark
carney's real pro-nazi employer - churchill,
morton, fleming, george vi, mountbatten's 1945 sell-out? - roger
cook: how murdoch killed
the cook report's wwiii watch: does
iran already have ex
ss20 thermonuclear warheads? - 
dark
forces' centuries old 
power network
 
revelation
chronology......timeline
for the future?
war & black magic
special: dennis
wheatley: magic
and the fate of nations - in world war the
devil 'has surpassed himself' - dennis wheatley: new
world order 'is another name for hell' - christ's
protection - george bruce: nazi
black magic & the anti-christ order - stephen knight: is
freemasonry satanic? - geoff
hoon's secret
prison



historic
illuminati source material: 1. code of the illuminati by
abbé barreul, 1798; 2. proofs of a conspiracy by
dr john robison, 1794 - saville report: former
bilderberg chairman peter carrington responsible for 1972 bloody
sunday massacre? - ergenekon: turkey
prosecutes mossad
coup plotters - operation gladio documentaries: nato's
secret armies (2009) bbc
timewatch (1993), understanding
the nato/nazi
threat
to our world - antichrist & the green
prince by john d. christian
- was enclosure the
true cause of english civil
war? - late great allan
francovich: cia is 'a kind of rotary
club version of the gestapo' - full texts of 1st,
2nd, 3rd degree & royal arch masonic initiation rites


top
italian judge publishes evidence of bilderberg
commissioning terrorist attacks - we are change's luke rudowski
sent child
porn images under cover of 'bilderberg leak' - prism surveillance
has broken the criminal law - so what do gchq & the mod do?
launch
a massive cover-up under the
guise of 'national security' - charge sheet: 1991-2012 logan
act crimes & breaches of uk parliamentary code by uk
government minister kenneth clarke & other bilderberg
politicians (pdf)
- the first ever bilderberg
fringe festival on sat
8th & sun 9th june 2013 in hertfordshire - former scotland
yard detective: banging
up the banksters - no. 1 bilderberg investigative
journalist 'big' jim
tucker [video] dies aged
78 - boston
marathon bombing patsies killed/maimed
by fbi? - israeli pr
team rushes in to aid fbi - 
bilderberg
2013: 5-9th june, watford, rothschildshire,
uk? - victor rothschild behind margaret thatcher's sacking
of bbc dg, poll
tax and mi5/mi6
appointments - 2 meltdown scenarios: what
will the eu/us crash look like? audio:
city of london mafia? former
fraud squad detective rowan bosworth-davies: evidence
the uk banking commission didn't want to hear - cyprus &
libor fraud 'rain man' tom
hayes turns queen's evidence - ss/us
pact: nazi
enriched uranium & plutonium
used on japan in 1945
us atom bombs? - leeds,
cornwall,
scarborough,
kidwelly
and stoke
mandeville
ritual abuse rings
exposed - secret preparations for uk
'arab spring' second civil war? - was
jimmy
savile procuring haut de la garenne boys for tory pm ted heath
who
were then murdered? - bilderberger ken
clarke got savile top broadmoor job - israeli general's son
blasts
through the zionist lies - new bank
of england boss: mark carney, goldman
bilderberger - my nov12 talk: city
of london's nazi cult - vile
bbc
censorship of former
ambassador
& anti-torture
whistleblower craig
murray - tuenov13: bilderberg
steering committee sneak
2012 meeting
in rome - zio-nazi
complicity: betrayal of mossad's isser
harel, israeli government lost
its soul and moral conscience in 1963 - jonathan meades takes
apart nazis, speer... & prince charles - simon wiesenthal
fake & isser
harel true nazi hunter - eu
goebbels-style iran/syria censorship prepares
way for middle east war - nazis
not defeated, poisonous
legacy haunting britainanders
breivik,
assassin
for templar
zionazi
network?
- hidden history: 1944,
a bridge not far! - nazi
continuity finance: bormann network inaugurated at red
house meeting, strasbourg, thursday 10th august 1944 - 
the
nuclear/beeching
axe/north sea oil
connection? - hsbc drug
money launderer lord green still in coalition cabinet! too
big to
jail: hsbc financing
terrorism - princess
diana's assassination approved at w.a.g. on
wed23jul1997 - tue26jun12:
crooked mi5 dg jonathan
evans endorses g4s olympic security & hints
at false flag blamed on iran! it started here=>
fri22jun12: london
olympics undercover: g4s
mafia wide open for terror
and false
flag attack - british army waterboarding
catholics in 1972 - bilderberg's
founder
a pathological nazi liar
- why do bbc managers protect
dead child abuser savile? - bbc3 7/7
hatchet job exposed - assange: 1. what
really happened in sweden? 2. bbc newsnight lies
& distortion - us
bilderberg politicians commit logan
act felony - 40 min comprehensive
roundup of bilderberg 2012 toxic
barclays/bbc
taboo, with trunews.com
- does bilderberg
sit
on a mountain
of nazi
flight capital? - bilderberg email
list subscribe
- marcus agius: barclays chairman, bbc
trustee & bilderberg
crook - bilderberg
2012: 31may-01jun, usa - veterans
for peace uk - 
who
owns britain?
top 1000 rich
list hoarders (the 0.0015%) could pay off entire deficit with
£30bn to spare - 
uk
press censorship: please support
ofcom censored presstv
+ freemason anders
behring breivik is uniting zionism
and nazism
- 
the
mafia inside scotland
yard - 
inaugural
1954 bilderberg meeting
took place at site of nazi slaughter a
decade before - 
a
bridge not far: bilderberg spawned
in nazis' oosterbeek hexenkessel
or 'witches
cauldron' - operation market garden's three
curious bilderberg connections - 
organised
crime, city money laundering & london's
2012 olympics - 
read
rare
book about hitler's
no. 2 whose death was faked in 1972: martin
bormann, nazi in exile by paul
manning (1981) - bishop
sean manchester on diabolism
& the modern church - killing truth for war: british
army psychological warfare officers from 15
psyops (chicksands, beds.) headhunted for 20
x salary by private war
crime strategic communications firms - perception
managers killing democracy: the
billionaires tea party - le monde: goldman sachs' masonic
government - masonic cult
exposed - killer cop still not named as ipcc
pile lies upon lies in unarmed mark duggan august
riots murder case - loan sharks overturn democracy to appoint
europe's prime ministers costas
lapavitsas on newsnight
- bilderberg elite inside dealers' euro paralysis: 'shock
doctrine' for
political takeover - halloween 2011 pepis: vigilance, the
enemy within in peacetime and war - audio: the far
right and royal witchcraft - adam werritty: mossad
agent at heart of mod? - bbc: banksters
orchestrating
disaster
- windsor castle royal
paedophile ring - uk
& us
lost 3
nukes each!
- weapons grade plutonium available
on black market - banksters looting plus police
impunity
sets example
for uk
copycat rioters? - three
masonic
terrorists: phone hacker
jonathan
rees; dunblane's thomas
hamilton &
norway's anders
behring breivik - s.
yorks. police intelligence analyst sacked
when told bosses 7/7
london bombings not carried out by muslim terrorists bilderberg
2011: the good, the bad, and
the incredibly wealthy - handbags
at dawn - lord mandelson's nature
walk - george osborne attending
as chancellor - for he's a jolly good rockefeller
- the shower curtain of
shame - bilderberg
conference 2011 - swiss govt mp
dominique baettig demands arrest
of kissinger - italian mep mario
borghezio beaten
up - imf
chief dsk's
plan to avert
debt crisis torpedoed in new york sting
- my bilderberg
2011 briefing parts
1, 2,
3
&
4 - *bilderberg 2011
discussions* - guerilla reporters' briefing
- hidden
agenda driving
us to wwiii [audio]my
weekly radio
shows
& web
news - listen live to: bcfm
5-7pm
fridays
& unity
fm 8-10
tuesdayscameron's
critics assassinated? key witness against coulson sean
hoare & constituency chairman christopher
shale - andy hayman & john yates: scotland
yard 'untouchables' phone hacking cover
up - occupy london 9
demands - euro crisis, orchestrated push for fascist
eurostate? - interfaith prayers at st paul's cathedral 'sermon
on the steps' - new scientist & rt: secret
network that runs the world - my oct11 talk 'uk
media taboos exposed' - the round table, secret government of the
british empire, from the
anglo-american establishment, by carrol quigley - may11: nazis
v. gadaffi
- bin
laden 'assassinated' (strategic media-op buries gadaffi family
assassination war crime) following 'wikileak'
that al
qaeda will explode nuke in europe - david
cameron lost three real nukes in 1992
tory party s.a. nuclear weapons deal - frank kitson's gangs
& counter gangs textbook for
political assassinations - mar11: arab
world in 'eschatological
phase' - feb11: cia/xe
'terminator terrorist' raymond davis caught
laying nuclear 'patsy trail' in pakistan - egypt's gladio:
interior
minister habib al adly ordered church
bombing - us
nazi frank wisner in
egypt - john loftus: america's
nazi
secret - jan11: bilderbergers balls
& osborne nix uk finance - murder
at pike river mine - oct10: uk
bilderberg announces forced
labour policy - bilderberg 2010: bbc's
marcus agius conspires with terrorists
- 'richest
of the rich & shyest of the shy': pix inside
bilderberg - 
a
manifesto - my bilderberg email
lists (1) &
(2) - goldmine sachs:
bilderberg bankers'
cultmy
tv: the big story, 7/7
london bombings (2010); emtv, criminalisation
of uk political structure; birmingham central mosque 7/7
london bombings meeting; bbc2 7/7
conspiracy files (2009); uk
press freedom; bilderberg,
7/7, 9/11 & princess diana assassination; uk
media liesmy
latest news
and arts
radio shows, latest forum
posts, 
war
of terror&bilderberg
bulletin
& forum -
my blip,
google
& youtube
videos - ex mi5 officer annie machon: mi6
interference in the media - war on terror phase
ii, the media battle - 'swine
flu': biowarfare?
- new to bilderberg? prof.
peters' bilderberg primer - freemasonry's
uk bilderberg organiser
- see me in the london bombings
enquiry debate - private military/mi6 behind
mp expenses 'crisis'? - tucker
& skelton's
2009 bilderberg reports -
bilderberg 2009 booklet &
participant list - revealed:
shocking oss report shows nazis
planned fourth reich in the eu - freemason
john robison's proofs of a
conspiracy - uk bilderberg chief ken clarke, advocates
'illuminist' policies - illuminati in a nutshell
- my printable revelation guide - ex
usmc iraq vet. major calls for citizen
intelligence hunter/raptors - man-god antichrist, hitler's new
world order c.1940 - the
bullingdon club, nat rothschild's drug
crazed bully boys - 7/7 israeli
army control london underground security!! - prince
charles: 'the
antichrist & a
cup of tea'...? rumours
abound... but is
it biblical? - israeli idf terror mafia: montreal
the next terror target? - 
lecture:
false
flag fever: diabolical
pmcs & intel. agencies self-harming
- god's love is no secret, the dangers of 'mysticism' in the
kabbalah - scandal
rocks israeli owned 7/7 security
firm - white supremacists' mystical
nonsense - bild zeitung: german nato
troops desecrate
human graves
in neo-nazi 'totenkopf
skandal' ~~~~
bypass all these headlines: see the
bilderberg.org site map or search this site - complete
index to this website ~~~~wikipedia censors
bilderberg nazi roots &
attendance lists -
international jewish
solidarity network - ergenekon: turks
foil mossad coup plot - 
all
wwiii
news headlines - dennis
wheatley: witchcraft/satanism
analysis & dinner
with aleister
crowley [audio] - zionists'
gaza war
crimes
- bernard levin, david frost: that
was the week that was - bilderberg's financial
chaos latest
- global financial[pdf] crisis
engineered
at secret
bilderberg
conferences? - i interview dr.
naseem from birmingham central mosque about cia/mossad/mi6
pseudo-muslim
terror groups - spiritual activist's timeline
and kingdom toolkit -
avon and somerset police's corrupt
chief constable - english civil war, was
charles i 'the commoners' king'? - 60% of oil price rises are
speculation - ex-illuminati
member john
todd
- prof. anthony
sutton on youtube
- bbc: bilderberg founder bernhard
helped nazi war criminals to escape
nuremberg trials - this war is evil, occult
whistleblowers detail perverse
secret governments? - hear my hour long talk
on revelation
and the
war on terror - messages
- us
marine and ex-sas
hero tell wwiii
like
it is. the former on venezuelan
tv - holocaust
engineers ibm take over bristol police - 8 million muslim deaths
for western oil, media
denial of new
holocaust - thirty
years of bilderberg participant lists
surface - adam curtis' bbc documentaries: available
- more
films here'if our enemies knew what we were trying to do
they could have stopped us but they were too stupid' - adolf
hitlerfour great injustices & mainstream media
cover-ups1. eugenicist
prince philip approved the assassination
of princess
diana - ten years retrospective
film2. the 7/7
london bombs were planted by pmcs,
mi6 militant atheists & the israeli army3. 911
was an inside job and cheney/brezinski
plan further attacks
on the west4.
dr.
david kelly was murdered for exposing a war
crime conspiracycorrectly
predicted! the coming economic collapse - youtube
- martin summers - ten stars! immortal technique and eminem's 911
conspiracy music vid - 
connecting
the dots, neocons
and fascists: same difference - amazing short illuminati
(satanists inside freemasonry) film and great music - israel's
avigdor lieberman gets covert
"thumbs up" to strike iran - money laundering, the
bilderberg
al qaeda connections - prince charles the druid uses
ouija board to make policy decisions - audio: 9/11
eyewitness scott forbes' describes 26hr wtc security breach 2 days
before 9/11 - get my monthly
pepis bulletin - 
israeli
based london underground cctv
contractors big time crooks - opponents of eu are
terrorists - bohemian grovers gaa-gaa
for seventies uk model hour long pre bilderberg 2007 briefing
[audio] - hi-band
- lo-bandforget
the davinci
code

read daniel
& revelationsomething
is dreadfully wrong in the british royal family - hrh prince charles'
admiration for nazi
architect who lied at nurenberg - will hrh prince charles emerge
as the antichrist? messianic jew tim
cohen thinks so - british muslims fight back against ruth
kelly's 'government approved' islam - was aleister
crowley barbara bush's
father?
- 103
suspected 9/11
criminal coconspirators - watch
before youtube ban wakeymedia!
or pnacattack
- israeli mafia and ex idf officer with
pre london bombings access to london
underground tunnels - 
pledgebank:
can you pledge twenty quid towards my 7/7
investigative documentary? - paul hausser's comments about nato's
origins in the ss - 
investigating
possible
political assassinations in the uk - communique to the turkish
prime minister re bilderberg 2007 - bush annoys
our queen liz ii with public
illuminati reference? - 
adam
curtis' pandora's
box and dennis
potter in person available on dvd - 
secret
papers of the illuminati: printable
or web
page - the greco
report - 

my latest bulletin - bush and himmler's 

brotherhood of deathprince charles has a phoenix
on a column in his back garden ...

orebristol's
masonic royal
arch 'synagogue of satan?' in colour - princess diana confronts
camilla !
in her own words ! - the
european royals & anti-christ
links page - 
bbc
radio 4's 2003 bilderberg documentary mb hiband - mb loband (but the
bbc mention neither freemasons nor nazi connections) -
biilderberg/freemasons/bohemian
grove documentary - bbc's death
of david kelly - my latest
bulletin - stop iran invasion here
- rooting out evil: how to test the spirit - prisoner
number three
- eu crooks
& a 'pussy
whipped' german commissionerproject for the exposure of
hidden institutions: the
pilgrims society - listen
to 911 hero william
rodriguez - diggers film - bilderberger's frightfully
boring blog - ex-mi5 counterintelligence officer exposes
nato black ops. on sky news - bilderbergers sutherland and
kissinger
appointed advisers to the pope - diabolical bavarian pope foments
religious hatred - skull and bones lodge in cambridge,
uk? - mi5's 'bullying-manner' okays far
right/cia entrapment of innocent people in uk - ask the british
army and raf
what they think about fighing for the dark lord's empire - british
army explosives expert: 'liquid
explosives' threat is nonsense - rogue network fomenting world
war using
uk, us and isrealsupport
this site: award winning spiked
documentaries available on dvd - mi6 order seizure of diana
murder witness tomlinson's possessions [mirror]
- ibm showed nazis how to round up jews, now they are preparing
verichip human implants - the secret cia
inside the cia: download banned
book by usaf colonel - alex jones on james whale [listen] - v
for vendetta edit [watch] - children
of men [watch] - public
transport knobbled so we all have to buy a car - mi6 anti-muslim
psyops - bush, bones, eugenics and
population control - !hidden!~~~~
follow the nato/nazi
strategy of tension state terrorism trail - nato's far
right clandestine planning committee (cpc): forty
years of rehersals for 9/11 and 7/7? ~~~~bilderberg page for
your
arabic language friends - bilderberg & the project for
european unification, lmu professor's definitive
bilderberg paper scottish
freemason spreadsheet
- freeview freemasonry
- bush and blair conspired against un and british parliament to
break international law - general sir michael rose calls for blair's
impeachment - nicholas
langman
mi6's athens torturer in chieflisten
to internet radio: warondemocracy,
911truth, peacenotwar, documentally
and in nottingham,
london and bristol
- blair's terror
laws 'nazi' say judges - 7/7 bombers hand
in glove with mi6 haroon
rashid aswat
and mohammed
siddique
khan
- so this is how the uk taxpayer gets 'terror
evidence' - sas bombing iran - newspeak: 'suicide
bomber'sas
soldiers disguised as arabs, (?ordered by brigadier gordon kerr who
is wanted
in the uk for n. ireland assassinations) caught
in basra driving a car
containing explosives.
they kill an iraqi policeman, are arrested, then sprung from custody
us and uk terrorists crushing
the iraqi spirit. who said neocons weren't nazis?
... global concentration
campsindymediauk censorship:
newswires real
and censored -
one of my censored
articles & discussion (1)
(2) 
mi6 uses torture
to cook up its lies - new american empire - press freedom day
discussion 

thought for the century: when the first
'terrorist' nuclear weapon explodes how will anyone know which
cia/mi6/gladio/mossad/nato/bnd/mercenary/xe/pmc covert ops. unit
planted it......?





usa = global terrorism hq: mercenaries
mpri with close connections to the u.s. administration and
funding
terrorism: the carlyle group - comedian bill hicks on the elite:
the
global elite [mp3 audio file] - magic mountains of the mind - the
economist's elite conference guide 

channel 4 'secret rulers of the world' bilderberg
film availablethe transatlantic elite misuse
the terms 'democracy' and 'freedom': is fixing the election in
florida democracy? can the world's press be free when it has to adopt
business values to survive?bilderberg elitists in: 1.
nato
2. western
national politics 3. the
european commission 4. european
parliament

jesus was and is the messiah, son of god - jewish
evidence[this site campaigns for a press conference at the
start of all bilderberg meetings - and a declaration from the
steering committee that any consensus reached must be in our public,
not their private interest] 

www.bilderberg.org-
full indexwww.bilderberg.org -
introductionwww.bilderberg.org
- the english civil war pageswww.bilderberg.org
- search this site using keywordswww.bilderberg.org
- examine/join bilderberg email listwww.bilderberg.org
- threats to this site and request for help www.bilderberg.org
- guestbook, article postings, discussion and rantspace


how to mirror this website: 

my original site was pulled
for nearly six months by demon internet 

whether you want to copy this website so you can
mirror it on your site, or whether you just want it all downloaded on
to your hard drive, best way is to download one of the 'offline
browsing' software packages below. all you do is type in
www.bilderberg.org and the software will find and download all the
pages. you can then use your software to grab any site you like in
its entirity without having to save each page individually. 

offline
browser downoads - selection 1
http://download.com.com/3150-2377-0.htmloffline
browsers downloads - selection
2http://www.sofotex.com/download/browsers/offline_browsers/ 

teleport
- recommended http://www.tenmax.com/ 

i have compiled this website because the bilderberg
condecends to put no information on the web about itself for the
press or public - believe it or not a french paper thought this was a
bilderberg run site.........actually i don't believe them but that's
what they said! this site mirrored
at:http://conspiracies.we-h8-u.com/
&http://www.bilderberg-mirror.org.uk
[updated most regularly]older versions
http://www.mega.nu:8080/conspiracy/www.bilderberg.org/http://www.unclenicks.net/bilderberg/www.bilderberg.org/http://www.college-radio.org/bilderberghttp://copy_bilderberg.tripod.comhttp://bilderberg.redirectme.net/http://bilderberg.pinc.grplease
help keep this information available to the publichere's
how you can easily grab this whole site for mirroring




www.bilderberg.org
- site index: 

image from a 1999 kosovo site - nato/nazi connections 

bilderberg conferences -
research on this private elite club, started by an ex-nazi, that sets
the agenda for a corporate controlled europe - participant lists - my
email list archive - roots - common/single market 

other western elites -
world economic forum - skull and bones - bank for international
settlements - transatlantic business dialogue - sun valley the media
elite - bohemian grove - british american project - trilateral
commission

the oil industry and destruction of
public transport - general motors - beeching and the
railways - the car takes over from the train - greed or coincidence?

culture, communication and control
- the information war is on - uk journalist murdered -
media mind control - coup at the bbc - cia - censorship - arrests of
journalists - congress for cultural freedom - videos available 

fascism, state terror and power
abuse - mi5 and mi6 - 'war on terrorism' -
kissinger's trial - nato as the world army - human genetics -
microwaves and non-lethal weapons

quark, strangeness and charm -
illuminati leaks - 666 - babylonian - man made religion - sport -
ritual human sacrifice - secret western government apparatus -
bohemian grove - freemasons exposed 

doubletake: hidden history -
the levellers and the diggers - cuban missile crisis - h-bomb tests -
enclosure of land - the commoners king

personal but not private -
close to home - outlandish emails i get - my post being opened -
legal threats 

there is another way -
bible - land - levellers - tolkien - tribulation - the changes -
inclosure of the land

mirrored sites within this
site:council on foreign relations - rockefeller's
business club runs u.s. foreign policypartial mirror of
disappeared website called themoderncrusade.orgin
depth analysis of
bilderberg 2000 and related mattersdefinitive kennedy
assassination analysis





"...somebody has to take governments' place,
and business seems to me to be a logical entity to do it." -
david rockefeller - newsweek international, feb 1 1999. 

"fascism should rightly be called
corporatism, as it is the merger of state and corporate power" -
benito mussolini 

"...the world is governed by very different
personages to what is imagined by those who are not themselves behind
the scenes." - benjamin disraeli - british pm - 'coningsby'
pub. 1844 

"it is discouraging to think how many people
are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit" noel
coward 

"the treaty of rome, which brought the
common market into being, was nurtured at bilderberg meetings."
george mcghee, former us ambassador to west germany 

"i don't think it's true to say that we want
to keep it [bilderberg] out [of the public consciousness], we never
wanted to get it in. we don't encourage people to mention it in the
mainstream press because we don't encourage idle speculation about
what we do. ...... we forbid individual attendees from giving press
meetings at our conferences, and we do that not because we're secrecy
mad, but because we want to control the politicians who come."
martin taylor - secretary general, bilderberg - interviewed by jon
ronson for the uk channel 4 tv programme 'secret
rulers of the world' transmitted 27jun01 

"there are powers at work in this country
about which we have no knowledge'. h. m. queen elizabeth ii (in
conversation with royal butler paul burrell) daily
mirror

definition of a power elite: 'a group of men,
similar in interest and outlook, shaping events from invulnerable
positions behind the scenes.' c. wright mills 'the
power elite'

"the maintenance of secrets acts like a
psychic poison, which alienates their possessor from the community"
carl jung: 'modern man in search of a soul' 

"in the councils of government, we must
guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether
sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. the potential
for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist."
president eisenhower - farewell address to the nation - jan 16th
1961 

"what luck for rulers that men do not think"
- adolf hitler 

"the great masses of the people will more
easily fall victims to a big lie than a small one" adolf
hitler: 'mein kampf' 

"their motivation is, that the elite shall
be able to act in secrecy. it is not because they are evil, but
because they believe in what they are doing. international capital
wants to remove all obstacles to globalisation - and all obstacles to
the right of capital to act freely without constrictions such as
regard for the environment, social responsibility or human rights.
demands from local democracies are such obstacles." birger
schlaug, swedish green party 

"globalisation is the new totalitarianism"
- vandana shiva, nef peoples' summit, birmingham 1998 





bilderberg
conferences 

the
bilderberg group. basic reference page on arguably the world's most
powerful clandestine club

prince
bernhard of the netherlands - the 'father' of the bilderberg - his
nazi background and activities surrounding his 1975 resignation over
the lockheed bribery scandal

to
what extent are critics of bilderberg anti-jewish conspiracy
theorists? is this just an excuse to divert the attention of the
political 'left' away from bilderberg?

history
and origins of bilderberg group and a cheeky bit of work by an
investigative reporter - whatever happened to robert eringer?

bilderberg group
conference 2006

bilderberg
conference 2004

bilderberg
conference 2003, versailles, france

bilderberg
conferences 2002 and beyond - after the demise of spotlight how will
we know when and where they are taking place?

bilderberg
2001 - gothenburg sweden - 'press release' participant list and a
run-down of bilderberg related coverage in 2001

bilderberg
2000 in brussels, belgium, participants and other info. on this
conference

pictures
from bilderberg 2000 conference in brussels

1999
conference in portugal - a page of information and articles specific
to this conference including official press release and participant
list

leaked
minutes from the 1999 conference in sintra, portugal

the
1998 conference at turnberry in scotland, attendees list, email
discussions etc

list of
people who attended bilderberg 1997 conference. here's the official
confession. it went out on the reuters wire service, but with a legal
warning to remind editors not to print it.

reports
and list of people who attended bilderberg 1996 conference

bilderberg
1994 conference in helsinki, finland - participant list and agenda
for the meeting

bilderberg
conference 1993 down in athens, mr blair's now one of the crew!

bilderberg
meeting in 1992, scant details so far - only the agenda

1991
bilderberg meeting - gordon brown, uk chancellor's interview

bilderberg
reports and papers, background information on the bilderberg group

canadian
state governors jetting around the world to hob-nob with the rich and
powerful types. they all find our 'right to know' an irksome
annoyance

the
power elite public information service - otherwise known as my
anti-elitists email list - not to be confused with penis or pepsi -
no, its pepis, and these are the archives

other
western élites 

the
council on foreign relations - mirror of a website all about this
private elite club that seems to decide on u.s. foreign policy

the
skull and bones fraternity at yale university, new haven, connecticut
where the bush family - george w. bush, his father and his
grandfather were/are all members, only trouble is it's a death cult
based in a mausoleum on the university campus

the bank
for international settlements - set up before world war two and
described by carrol quigley as 'the apex of the global banking
system.' - respected economists wanted it closed down after wwii for
the role it played in financing the nazis but still it thrives

the
world economic forum at davos - doesn't get a lot of media coverage
but this is quite possibly the biggest meeting of businessmen in the
world with the bosses of the 1000 largest corporations in attendance

transatlantic
business dialogue - the agenda setters, material obtained by the
guardian under american freedom of information law and begrudgingly
under european freedom of information law - the end of democracy 

sun
valley, idaho - once a year the world's media get together for a
gathering of the most powerful players and financiers of the
entertainment industry. is the media discussing how to provide what
its audiences want to see - or is it cow-towing to the money masters?

the
british american project for the successor generation - little-known
elitist grouping - said to have close connections to british
intelligence agencies, the military, politics and the media

black
humour: arch-mage david rockefeller talks frankly about his sterling
efforts (along with his élite chums) to save us from ourselves

i-mafia...
unbelievable wedges of formerly public assets privatised by the imf
and financial institutions

dangerous
liaisons - a report on the global elite cataloging many clandestine
clubs and listing names of individuals involved

david
rockefeller's mission to the far east, the trilateral commission

the oil industry and destruction of
public transport 

what's
good for general motors is, supposedly, good for america. now is that
the continent and its people or is that the growth of us gnp???

the
tyranny of the car... public transport in the uk has been
deliberately run off the rails. beeching and the tearing up of the
tracks

ken
livingstone! back in the early eighties ken and his deputy at the
glc, dave wetzel attempted to rid london of the plague of the motor
car, it was not to be.

standard
oil made one family a heap of money, never mind that as a necessity
democracy fell by the wayside, just what did standard get up to?

public
transport in the united states subjected to the selfish arbitrary
will of the super-greedy. everybody looses out so why is it allowed
to happen??

how
consumption has been turned into an obsession, it's incredible what
we will become used to if nobody comes along to tell us it is rubbish
and that we are being used... critique of consumerism

culture, communication and
control 

the
bbc take people to court for not paying their tv licence fee, yet
they caved in to political control years ago, public service....?
forget it! the views of an ex-bbc local radio researcher and reporter
[ie. me]

the
congress for cultural freedom - the cia funded takeover of the
european art scene

information:
freedom of speech is under attack according to some documents
published by the us military

policing
the news and the murder of martin o'hagan - more and more journalists
in the uk are being arrested by the police, missing their deadlines,
then being released without charge.

product
placement - advertising by stealth - misguided souls in the marketing
industry, armed with endless supplies of cash, are finding great ways
of getting into your head. persuading their products into the hands
of your favourite tv star without you knowing.

drugs,
police and intelligence services. the cia manipulation of us culture
and systematic infringement of civil liberties

the
bbc charter and agreement - full text in one page here - easy to
download and print out - unlike on the bbc site!

vhs videos
available - top quality content which has not yet been released by
mainstream distributers

great
emperors rule todays massive media empires, d-notices gag the press
in the guise of protecting national security... enter citizen kane's
world of mind control and press power

corporate
labour, britain's public relations team are having trouble convincing
us all that they give a damn. maybe they'd like to?? but the mess is
far too big for them to handle

fascism,
state terror and power abuse 

official insignia of mi5, britain's internal security
service'all-seeing eye' at the top [!!] helped inspire this
website

world war iii 2005
press archive

world
war iii press article third archive - beginning january 2004

world
war iii second archive - some of the main stories through later 2003

world
war iii - first archive - the phoney 'war on terrorism' - an excuse
to clamp down on civil liberties and ignore responsibility for acts
of aggression abroad

mi5
and the christmas tree files - secret political vetting at the bbc

a secret
state within a state: the british secret intelligence services - mi5
and mi6 massive buildings full of uptight, unaccountable paranoiacs -
what are they up to?

eugenics:
genetic expertise is now being applied to humans. human genetics.
haven't we heard talk of a master race before - disabled people
rightly taking action

nato is
the world army which must prevail - the defensive charter is
forgotten about

microwaves
and other non lethal weapons are being developed in a shroud of
secrecy

echelon:
led by the american nsa intelligence agencies are invading the
privacy of ordinary people here, there and everywhere without any
effective scrutiny. who are the national security agency in the u.s.
and what on earth are they up to?

the
trial of henry kissinger. who will bring this terrorist suspect to
justice????

systematic
blacklisting of potential employees for their independent mindedness
is still going on so long as you value profits above your staff (and
you don't hold your records on computer!)

quark, strangeness and charm 

the
illuminati, fact or fiction? in 1798 professor john robison,
professor of natual philosophy and secretary to edinburgh's royal
society published correspondance of many of the original members
including adam weishaupt the illuminati's jesuit educated founder. 

the
freemasons, benevolent, sad or dangerous? what goes on inside the
lodge? a selection of critical views are revealed here

the
apostasy - the gradual fusing of all world religions under a false
prophet - a global man-made religion - the dilution of the
judeo/christian message

one
view of the various individual arms of a secret western government -
pulling the strings behind the scenes??

what
is the social function of sport? turning us all into spectators?
training in blind obedience? links and some analysis

human
sacrifice was commonplace in pre-christian times. even here in the uk
amongst the druids

the
shengen agreement and the number 666 on barcodes - translation of a
pamphlet from a greek monastery

the
bohemian grove - a private club and rollicking zone for the rich and
powerful in the united states that has been going for over a hundred
years 

"babylon
shall fall..." whatever babylon may be a metaphor for in the
modern age ancient babylon, in modern-day iraq, was pretty damn
sordid

doubletake: hidden history 

the
land and freedom pages - some important lessons from the people's
english civil war struggles

king
charles i - he banned enclosure taking the side of ordinary people
against the landowners - there is fascinating evidence that he was
'the commoners' king'

the
cuban missile crisis, insane hydrogen bomb tests, some amazing facts
and pics from a world on the brink

personal but not private 

power
elite watchers like me are bound to get some amazing emails! here are
some of them with names concealed where necessary

this
website is under threat from several sources - this page explains
what some of those threats are and how you can help make sure it
stays out there

surveillance
is getting out of control what with the uk home secretary, who signs
surveillance directives being blind we should be worried and
suspicious

my
articles that were deleted from
bristol indymedia

there
is another way 

"when adam delved and eve span, who was then the
gentleman?" 

the
book of daniel to revelation - jesus stepping in at the last minute
to obliterate the forces of darkness and their followers and banish
sin and evil from the world

the end times
texts - brian redhead gives his view of the book of revelation -
stuff about the end times - commentaries by various people - my
personal selection

the
shoplifting vicar - one of the uk's best writers who hardly gets a
hearing

monetary
reform - how about we stop central banks from legally printing
counterfeit money? banks should not be able to monopolise money nor
create it out of nowhere

the
sixties and seventies uk television emporium - some pictures of my
favourite programmes from the golden age of television

life
skills, or mind control? setting our own curriculum. what education
do we want for our kids? a page about home education.

hippy
and dippy - followers of new age alternative remedies leave
themselves open to ridicule - much to my amusement!

the
lord of the rings, short extract, some great writing - allegory with
modern fascism and written with a knowledge of the occult and - it
seems - the biblical apocrypha

in
1975 a series swept across our tv screens here in the uk that was to
leave an indelible impression upon me and many like-minded kids - the
changes

consequences,
or strange tales, an example of a game where someone writes a few
lines on a piece of paper, then folds it over so there is only a line
showing and the next person carries on the story.

david
rockefeller on parade - satire


intro to the site 

(link
to old site 1) (link
to old site 2) - site 2 recently pulled by demon internet - see
below

this site campaigns for general press access to
bilderberg venues - and a declaration from the organisers that the
discussions are public, not private 

this site is an outlet for my research on hidden political,
cultural, economic and spiritual power and 'mind-control'. i have
written the odd article here and there where the material needs some
kind of interpretive 'lead-in' to be accessible. 

the expression 'the power elite' is familiar to most sociology
buffs but i have used c
wright mills' term (he wrote a book in the fifties with that
title) to go into detail on some powerful clandestine groups. 

speculation posing as fact, as well as deliberate disinformation
causes confusion about the real influence of the elite - and this
makes it easier for the skeptic to dismiss their influence as
'conspiracy theory'. but once one starts uncovering hard facts a
consistent and more lucid picture emerges. the potential abuse of
power by these groups is almost too nightmarish to contemplate, so we
might be forgiven for not wishing to delve further. 

it is one thing to speculate in general terms about the
bilderbergers and the council on foreign relations etc. but when
specific individuals, specific policies, specific dates and specific
venues are laid out in black and white they become more real - and
more frightening. 

i am concerned about anything totalitarian, particularly when the
state and the establishment attempts to control the press and turns
against their own citizens. ever since i was a teenager i found war
and state terrorism difficult to explain simply in terms of 'human
nature'. 

i came to understand, over the years, that there is a tiny, hidden
proportion of mankind for whom war, oppression and slavery are not a
reluctant economic necessity but a carefully pursued benefit to their
wealth and power. these individuals, that literally thrive on broken
human spirits and spilt human blood, i feel we should all work to
identify. this site represents one small step towards shaming these
misguided men (and women ms. albright) into desisting from their
inhuman scheming for ever more unaccountable power. 

in the hands of evil people the corporation can be a front, behind
which individuals can get away with crimes they would otherwise have
to take personal liability for and be fined, imprisoned and even
executed. legally a corporation or company is considered to be a
person and incredibly, with limited liability, there is no financial
comeback. 

my calls for greater press coverage of elite forums such as
bilderberg are based on the public's right to know what is being
discussed at closed meetings of the most wealthy and powerful people
in the world. when the future of mankind is by no means guaranteed,
knowledge of what goes on at these meetings is not a curiosity but a
necessity. 

i am particularly worried by the unwillingness of the power elite
to deal with what everyone agrees should be their number one
priority. the murderous debt crisis. also worrying is the arrogance
with which these same elitists infest democratic institutions and
fill so much of our mainstream media with bland drivel. this coupled
with their obscene economic power, the power to create trillions of
dollars at the press of a button, quite rightly leads one to question
their motives and plans. 

i have been pretty scrupulous in avoiding undue speculation. i am
not interested or concerned with 'conspiracy theory' just 'conspiracy
fact'. it is the facts behind very real groups like the
bilderbergers, the skull and bones and the council on foreign
relations that must be known before we can best understand how to
deal with them on a personal and a global level. 

bilderberg is a lobbying organisation that attempts to present
plans for globalisation of world markets as a consensus and invites
powerful guests along in an attempt to get them 'on board' the
project. bilderberg is not a conspiracy in itself but the attempt to
keep its deliberations out of the public eye is. there is also the
thorny question of the far less well known about groupings that are
behind the bilderberg meetings. 

i am a christian and a quaker attender - with the knowledge that
these groups could be tied in with the biblical end-time prophecies
mentioned on my tribulation
page. 

you can hardly be blamed if you are confused by the whole thing,
and the size of this site. if you want to download a document which
is readable in an hour or so which gives a clear overall view of this
'alternative post war history' the following document on my
bilderberg origins section is an excellent place to start. the
bilderberg group and the project of european unification - from
lobster magazine no. 32

it is also downloadable
as a rich text document.

pepis (the power elite public information service) is my only
elite research activity now. once every few months, when there is
interesting info. to relate, i email stuff out to people who've asked
to be added to the
pepis list. 

i feel creating positive alternatives to global slavery,
economic meltdown or armageddon is a more constructive use of my
time! since the english nation has been responsible for such
despicable genocide in many parts of the world, culminating in the
biggest colonial empire the world has ever seen, it is an appropriate
place to be looking for positive visions. i don't dislike england as
a whole though, we have had some brilliant historical figures like
gerrard winstanley (the first true anti-capitalist) and maybe even
king arthur? and there are a lot of people in the uk with a healthy,
informed mistrust of human authority and good humour to go along with
it! 

this website will remain as long as possible as a free public
resource for anyone who wants to know some of the hard facts on the
global elite, and doesn't want to have to hear them whispered in
hushed tones. 

tony gosling, july 2001 contact
me

www.bilderberg.org
guestbook

see also: what
are bilderberg conferences all about?


free translation of this page 

it can take a while - please be patient
http://www.freetranslation.com

......or you can try babelfish at
altavista


threats
to this site: 

1. being pulled by
host after spurious 'legal threats' - this has already happened
{details on separate page}2. domain name theft by lawyers -
see: http://www.ncchelp.org
and the history of the 1990's court case around the previous
http://www.iftp.org3.
hacking, trojans and viruses4. delisting
or downlisting by search engines5. content
removal by google search engine

3. hacking, trojans and viruses 

hacking - greennet (service provider of this site) was completely
closed down for three weeks or so in 1998 by a mystery external
programme/virus. the 'bug' coincidentally hit their main server when
chris bailey's labournet (very good) site was being used to support
the australian maritime union (mua) and encouraging sympathy strikes
around the world. as it turned out programmes had been planted on
greennet's server over previous months. when greennet came back up
again they received a letter the next day ordering an article on a
company 'bywater' be removed. this article linked water supply
contracts bywater had in africa with arms deals. apparently a
co-ordinated assault on one of the uk's main alternative internet
service providers. 

incidentally, news of the liverpool dockers' strike covered
extensively on labournet
was the subject of a 'd' notice banning discussion in the uk press
(see my page on censorship). 

4. delisting or downlisting by search
engines 

sometime in the second week of april 2002 google
search
engine entirely 'disappeared' this bilderberg.org website from
their listings. six weeks before the 2002 bilderberg conference was
due to start. apparently a blatant attempt to stop journalists
finding my research. after threats to expose this apparent censorship
the listing was restored by 30th april 2002. here
is my full email correspondence with david krane, google's director
of corporate communications google - who have
ex-department of defense 'information warfare' personnel working in
their premises - had previously removed my bbc
charter page from google's index - possibly after complaints from
the bbc over the censored
greg dyke junket article. one of google's leading software
engineers, matt cutts, has a top-secret clearance and used to work
for the national security agency. see my
section on google's clandestine love-affair with the u.s. department
of defense and google
watch

alltheweb removed my index page from its listings - this happened
approx 10th october 2000. i have asked them why it disappeared but so
far got no reply. by mid december 2000 it had been restored. 

ivan frazer's 'the truth campaign'
http://www.vegan.swinternet.co.uk/truthcampaign.html
ivan alleges his site has also failed to register correctly on search
engines. check his site for the latest. 

in the early days of this site i had long delays getting well
known search engines such as altavista to list this site equitably.
altavista still scores certain of my pages such as the
changes page very low on its index even though they have metatags
etc. 

it is an interesting exercise in speculative curiosity to see how
bilderberg hotel chain (snore!) websites register above and below
this site on various search engines, sometimes higher, sometimes
lower on the same engine at a different time! do let
me know if you find anything weird going on. 

i monitor searches on various keywords with various search
engines. watch this space for updates - please do email
me if you notice anomalies and/or feel free to add the
http://www.bilderberg.org url yourself to any search engine on which
it fails to appear. 

5. content removal by google search engine 

google as a weapon of war - 'truth is the first casualty of war' 

google began
(first time i noticed was august 2002) to remove much of my content,
web published for over 5 years now, from their indexes. seems to be
much better now (2004). this indicates that the military personel may
have begun censoring google's index under pressure from the united
states war machine. no wonder nsa/department
of defense & google software engineer matthew cutts gets paid
so well. 

use google anonymously here www.scroogle.org
operated by google critic daniel brandt from google watch 

examples: 

all these three examples have been on the web for at least two
years (test conducted 26nov02) 

1. the string "capital may rule, without interference from
either people or public scrutiny" appears on my bilderberg
conference page http://www.bilderberg.org/2000.htm
- www.bilderberg.org not listed by google 

2. the string "during two years as an informer, hassaine
was asked to steal scores of documents from senior preachers at
mosques in north london" appears on my secret services page
http://www.bilderberg.org/sis.htm
- www.bilderberg.org not listed by google 

3. the string "positive alternatives to global slavery,
economic meltdown or armageddon" appears on my index page
http://www.bilderberg.org/index.htm
- www.bilderberg.org listed by google 


what you can do: 

1. mirror the site - ie. download the
entire site and put it up somewhere else2. financial
support


can you help secure my research? 

this website survives on a shoestring budget - and i keep it up to
date in my spare time - do contact me at the above email address if
you are able to contribute design help, server space or money to
secure the future of this research. alternatively you can help by
buying one of my dvd's or tee-shirts here


copyright notice 

licence is granted for non-commercial use in all
media, including mirroring of the entire site - except for extracts
and quotations which are not authored by me. licence for commercial
use is normally free but only with my - email
me - permission. 

moral rights are asserted not to have my material
distorted and to be identified as the author of my own articles both
by name and through an appropriate hyperlink to
http://www.bilderberg.org

the term @nticopyright is to encourage free use of
material amongst non-profit publications. it does not mean copyright
is waived. 





tony's
homepage


