 



home page








































 skip to main content 

 
owing to the screen size of your device, you may obtain a better viewing experience by rotating your device a quarter-turn (to get the so-called “panorama” screen view).



 




great science-fiction & fantasy works
  science-fiction & fantasy literature: a critical list with discussions.




      (click for menu)
    
 














          you are here:  home ( = this page)


(click on any image above to see it at full size.)





          you are here:  home ( = this page)







click here to search this site.  

      you can get a site directory by clicking on the “hamburger” icon () in the upper right of this page.
      or you can search this site with google (standard google-search rules apply).
      (be aware that “sponsored” links to other sites will appear atop the actual results.)
      search term(s):





 



home page


 












(placing your cursor over these links will pop up a brief description of the linked page.)



site home page



introductory:
welcome
apologia
site organization
[scroll down for more links, or click the big “x” to exit]



authors:
author list
master authors/books list
more books from listed authors
other candidate authors
specialty lists
golden oldies

  lord dunsany: a bibliography


· all specfic books
· all specfic, listed
· specfic stories
· unique specfic stories
· all books
· all books, listed


  e. t. a. hoffmann: a bibliography
[scroll up or down for more links, or click the big “x” to exit]



books:
all listed books
the other books
overlooked gems
light-hearted
religiously themed
for younger readers
100 great works
“guilty pleasures”
[scroll up or down for more links, or click the big “x” to exit]



miscellaneous:
musings


· speculations on speculation
· the horror!  the horror!
· “great novels”
· was that fantastic or what?
· hard sf and hard heads


obiter dicta
art and illustration
other sites
comments by others
sf&f movies
your host
[scroll up or down for more links, or click the big “x” to exit]



buying books:
about online book-buying
about abebooks
[scroll up for more links, or click the big “x” to exit]








quick page jumps:

why yet another science-fiction and fantasy list site?
so what have we here?
where next?




“somewhere out there in the millennial dark night, tall ancient towers howled on a rising wind.”

– a storm of wings,
m. john harrison



why yet another science-fiction and fantasy list site?
let’s face reality: for the civilized reader, too many—most—web sites about science-fiction or fantasy literature recall american bandstand: “uh, wull, dick, i give it a 86 ’cause it had a good beat an’ yuh could dance to it.” what one might charitably call “naive enthusiasm” abounds.
if your sensibilities suggest to you that eric eddison and ernest bramah have written better fantasy than piers anthony and katherine kurtz, or that cordwainer smith and m. john harrison have written better science fiction than robert heinlein and isaac asimov, this site should be of real interest to you; if not, you are in the wrong place.
no one disparages authors who lack greatness if they possess competence.  but, while a cold spritzer is often welcome refreshment, when we go into a restaurant of quality and ask for the wine card, we do not expect to see gallo chablis or annie greensprings among the listings.  this site seeks to be a wine card of science-fiction and fantasy literature.
for long now the literati have scorned both science-fiction and fantasy books, when they have deigned to notice them at all; sad to say, the responses from within the community of science-fiction and fantasy readers (and writers) almost invariably call to mind an old saying: “i can save myself from my enemies, but only god can save me from my friends.”  another aim of this site is to be a place to which science-fiction and fantasy aficionados can fearlessly send intelligent, civilized readers not familiar with the field.
return to the page top. ↑

so what have we here?
what we have here is a site dedicated to presenting works in the fields of science-fiction and fantasy—sometimes collectively called “speculative fiction”—that get high grades for literary quality without needing any bonus points just for being science fiction or fantasy. the books are judged as literature, not as “science-fiction books” or “fantasy books”.
this is a big site, with hundreds of pages—343 at present (not counting the thousands of individual book-offer pages).  while a few of those pages just carry mechanical information about the site, and a few more duplicate the information on others but in a different arrangement, there is still a hard core of many, many “basic” pages.  a site so large needs a full page just to explain what’s where in a coherent way, and this site has such a page.  but there are a few mechanical things you should know even before you get to that page, plus there are some things about this site’s raison d’etre that i would like to explain before you plunge in.  so the very next page you should go on to—ignoring the hamburger-menu drop-down site directory available from atop this page—is the welcome page linked just a little below.
when first i set up this site, i wrote here if, as a result of this site existing, but one reader finds and enjoys but one book that that reader would likely otherwise not have come round to, i will feel satisfied that i have not labored completely in vain.  the many kind emails and reviews since then have justified to me my labors, and encourage me to continue expanding the site.  thank you all.
return to the page top. ↑

where next?
click here to continue on to the welcome.
(a page that further introduces and explains this site)
return to the page top. ↑





disclaimers
     | 
    privacy policy






     this site is one of the owlcroft company family of web sites.  please click on the link (or the owl) to see a menu of our other diverse user-friendly, helpful sites. 
    




      like all our sites, this one is hosted at the highly regarded pair networks, whom we strongly recommend—click the link to learn more.  (to get 20% off on hosting fees if you move to pair, use code pairref-fyxypeek)
    


      (note: all owlcroft systems run on ubuntu linux and we heartily recommend it to everyone—click on the link for more information). 
    




    all content copyright © 2025 the owlcroft company
    (excepting quoted material, which is believed to be fair use).
  

    this web page is strictly compliant with the whatwg
    
     (web hypertext application technology working group)
    
    hypertext markup language (html5) protocol 
    
     versionless “living standard”
    
    and the w3c 
    
     (world wide web consortium)
    
    cascading style sheets (css3) protocol
    
      v3
    
     — because we care about interoperability.  click on the logos below to test us!
  
 












this page was last modified on sunday, 4 february 2024, at 5:32 pm pacific time. 









