



log house plants






























































search for:









home
plant varieties

vegetables

classic vegetables
classic tomatoes
container vegetables
decorative gourds
fall & winter vegetables
heirloom vegetables
heirloom tomatoes
ornamental cucumbers
sweet potatoes
tubers of the andes


specialty edibles

berries
caffeinated
culinary breeding network
figs
foodie delights
ginger & turmeric
haskaps
olives
pomegranate
sea kale
strawberries
treasure island ipomoea
unique food plants


grafted program

grafted cucumbers
grafted eggplant
grafted melons
grafted peppers
grafted tomatoes

grafted tomatoes classic varieties
grafted tomatoes heirloom varieties




garlic
herbs

all herbs
herbs
traditional healing herbs


annual collections

background plant collection
cutflower collection annuals
edible flower collection
special color spot collection
sweet peas


butterfly host plants
drunken botanist
house plants
impatiens
perennials

4″ perennials
quart perennials and shrubs
premium gallons


geranium

fancy/zonal geraniums
interspecific geranium
ivy geraniums
regals
scented geraniums
zonal


fuchsia

hardy
trailing
upright


tender perennials
tropicals
vines and screens


retail outlets

eugene/cottage grove/albany
portland/salem
oregon coast
southern oregon
washington
california


wholesale availability
library

vegetables
culinary breeding network
posters/brochures
garden news
new varieties
delphiniums
herbs
butterfly gardens
miscellany
blogs


about us

general info
news articles
contact info


 









log house plants













home


welcome to log house plants
wholesale nursery
widely recognized for innovation, log house plants has been growing a broad and varied selection of classic and extraordinary plants for nearly 50 years. we delight in finding fabulous heritage plants as well as the newest offerings from west coast hybridizers. year after year, we remain excited (even thrilled!) about introducing new plants, showcasing uncommon ones, and assembling intriguing collections. our offerings for 2024 included dozens of gorgeous new introductions to over 2,500 varieties of annuals, perennials, vegetables, herbs and specialty edibles. check out all the new varieties we’re carrying in 2025! also, we’re continuing our waterwise program 🌵, featuring drought-resistant perennial varieties that are perfect for our long, hot summers here in the pacific northwest.
hello home gardeners!
as wholesale growers we don’t sell to individuals, but home gardeners are welcome to use the many resources our website offers, including our extensive library and the variety index (linked at the top of the sidebar to the right). please click the retail outlets link at the top of this page to help you locate plant nurseries near you where log house plants varieties may be found (west coast only). you are also welcome to sign up for our weekly blog, green gardening with ann lovejoy.
hello retail outlets!
if you’re a retailer, click here for our current availability. every friday we will email you the availability link for the following week, or we can fax it if you prefer. that page is often updated throughout the week (during the season) so please refresh your browser before downloading the pdf or word version of the availability.
log house plants and the culinary breeding network are delighted to announce a joint collection of vegetables that combine outstanding flavor with extraordinary garden performance. delicious and beautiful, these choice vegetables were selected to perform well in the pacific northwest when organically grown, each with a fascinating backstory. those raised from suitcase seeds are heritage varieties cherished throughout generations and brought to the usa from culinary breeding network travels to farms in italy and japan. chef’s favorites selections are chosen by professional chefs for excellence of form, texture and flavor, not only raw but also when cooked to high-end restaurant standards. eye candy is a collection of culinary breeding network’s top choices that are both great for winter garden growing and visually pleasing. during the gray of winter, these varieties are an exciting pop of color in the yard or field and on the plate. anthocyanins are the pigments that create the purple color which are good for human health in addition to being beautiful. gusto italiano project is a collaboration between culinary breeding network, uprising seeds and northern italian vegetable breeders at smarties.bio. the project was born from a mutual love of radicchio and a desire to further establish it as an anchor of the fall and winter produce season here in north america, and specifically the pacific northwest. this special line of certified organic radicchio and regional specialty brassica seeds was bred and grown in italy by the incredible folks at smarties.bio. based in chioggia, the heart of radicchio’s motherland, smarties.bio exists at the crossroads of tradition and innovation by bringing years of modern breeding experience to classic, culturally significant vegetables of their region.
our plants are pollinator friendly
given widespread worry about environmental hazards to bees and other pollinators, your customers will be happy to hear that log house plants does not use neonics or other toxic systemics. our pollinator friendly plants are grown in organic soil and are protected with a wide range of ipm techniques and biological controls, including take-home beneficial insects that will colonize in your customers’ gardens. for more information, download signage of our growing procedures. for a look at our 2023 far west presentation on sustainable, pollinator-friendly practices, click here.
to support you in as many ways as possible, we provide a library of resources here on our site. we also proudly host an informative, offbeat, fun and often funny blog, green gardening with ann lovejoy, written by one of the northwest’s favorite gardeners. ann’s blog entries combine garden tips, plant-based recipes, and slice-of-life gardening experiences with her own special brand of wit and humor, and we hope you’ll enjoy sharing any or all of it with your own retail customers.
 
grafted vegetables
this traditional technique dramatically improves vigor and yield. read more on our  log house grafting page and the supernaturals website. just for fun, see the hilarious colbert video about ketchup ‘n’ fries. for a look at our own grafted vegetable garden, play the video below.
 







2025 log house variety index
2025 upc & price list in excel
2025 photo card of new favorites
2025 additions 
waterwise program🌵
the butterfly bed & breakfast project
butterfly reference guide
drunken botanist plant collection
green gardening blog
posters & brochures
grafted vegetables
broker information
wholesale availability











© 2025 log house plants. all rights reserved.


powered by wordpress. designed by 















