






nhsmail 2 portal - home




















  0

login










toggle navigation








home


email


help


get help











nhsmail
            enabling collaboration for health and social care
        




there is currently a problem with the nhsmail portal

dismiss


visit the service status page





home





















account secret
protects user account with a stronger security measure than previous security questions and answers, simplifying the login process if you are locked out of your account. setup your account secret today! 




find out more








microsoft teams premium
microsoft teams premium* is a new offering that enhances the teams experience with additional features that make microsoft teams more personalised, intelligent, and protected.
*a top-up licence is required. please note that trials are also available.




find out more








microsoft teams shared channels
microsoft teams shared channels allow users inside and outside of nhs-mail to chat and collaborate without the need to switch tenants.




find out more








nhsmail teams phone system
phone system provides a way for organisations to configure telephony services and allows users to make external calls through their existing teams client.




find out more








nhsmail guide support chatbot - start using it today
calling all local administrators! get quick and convenient assistance with your nhsmail queries through nhsmail guide. our new chatbot allows you to raise and manage tickets and seek support - all from the same teams chat.




find out more








nhsmail security group management
nhsmail security groups functionality provides local administrators the ability to create, manage and control microsoft 365 static mail-enabled and non-mail-enabled security groups.




find out more








nhs care identity (smartcard) sign in
if you have an nhs care identity (smartcard) account, you will be able to use this to access the nhsmail portal, your emails, microsoft teams and other office 365 collaboration applications via compatible web browsers. use 'my identity portal' to pre-register and link your nhs accounts to be ready for this new feature.




find out more








private vs. public settings in microsoft teams
it is very important to consider the implications of choosing settings as 'public' or 'private' in teams as this setting allows you to manage sharing content with nhsmail users via teams.




find out more





previous


next









get help







access email







join nhsmail









about

                    nhsmail is the national secure collaboration service for health and social care in england.
                


nhsmail partners

                    nhsmail is delivered in partnership between nhs digital and accenture.
                


support

                    if you're unable to resolve an nhsmail issue with your local it team, you can contact the national helpdesk 24 hours a day, 365 days a year:
                

0333 200 1133
helpdesk@nhs.net




 © 2025 accenture. all rights reserved. | acceptable use policy | privacy information (gdpr)









