






judie byrd – cooking teacher, author, and speaker located in fort worth, tx






























		skip to content	



 




judie byrd – cooking teacher, author, and speaker located in fort worth, tx








    menu	
home
judie  

meet judie
speaking


recipes  

appetizers and beverages
breads
side dishes
soups and salads
main dishes
desserts
seafood
other


what’s new
contact

  
			scroll down to content		












home


                 meet judie – judie’s sizzle tape               
judie byrd loves to teach people to cook. she’s been doing just that for over 30 years. she is co-founder, along with her husband, bill, of the culinary school of fort worth, author of numerous cookbooks, and vibrant speaker to women’s groups. most likely, judie is at this moment either cooking or thinking about cooking.
 

what’s new with judie

pie crust - this is my recipe for pie crusts. i’ve used this recipe for most of my 55+ years of marriage and it hasn’t let me down yet. but there were times when i turned to pillsbury prepared pie dough and with no guilt! the whole idea is to make a yummy pie to bless your family … continue reading "pie crust" chicken pot pie - this is a recipe i love to share with as many busy cooks as possible. except for the deli chicken, you can have all ingredients waiting for you in pantry or fridge. it’s hearty enough for big eaters while being kid-friendly enough for even picky eaters. most kids love chicken and the yummy alfredo sauce … continue reading "chicken pot pie"
 

 
earn a chef certificate

earn a chef certificate from a nationally accredited chefs’ school while keeping your regular job. take classes at night, on the weekends, or during the day. watch your dreams come true!












 member of the the international association of culinary professionals.
judie's recipes in fort worth, texas magazine.
 


facebook  
twitter  
pinterest  
youtube  
 
















































































































































































