



christopher hogwood:: conductor, musicologist, keyboard player
 




 












sound samples




christopher’s birthday tribute

 


haydn sinfonia concertantefor violin, oboe and bassoon.
movement 1: allegro
kammerorchester basel

 


haydn symphony 77 in b flat

 


bohuslav martinu, concerto for flute, violin and orchestra h252
movement 3: poco allegretto.
czech philharmonic orchestra

 


bohuslav martinu, suite concertante for violin and orchestra (first version) h276
movement 2: meditation: largo.
czech philharmonic orchestra

 


christopher’s interview on bbc radio 3 music matters

 


igor stravinsky, pastorale (1923). 
kammerorchester basel

 


georg frederic handel, concerto grosso op.6 no.5
movement 6: allegro
handel & haydn society

 

 

 
christopher hogwood
10 september 1941 – 24 september 2014

conductor
musicologist
keyboard player

 


 
 
 




home

archive

general
         
imeneo – 2
christopher receives an honorary doctorate
poznan 2013
christopher flagged-up in taiwan
latest poznan engagement
happy easter!
christopher is artist of the week
the don giovanni effect?
british harpsichord society visit – pictures
the bärenreiter film
christmas greetings
the relaxed side of jury work at the cornell fortepiano competition
leipzig postscript 2
postscript to the leipzig competition
xviii international johann sebastian bach competition leipzig
cornell university professorship
instrument collection
classic fm artist profile
soundboard interview
two concerts  — three medals!
australian youth orchestra webcast
the forgotten harpsichord teacher of christopher hogwood & colin tilney
terry riley’s ‘in c’
christopher on gustav leonhardt: bbc radio 3
bbc radio 4’s tales from the stave
westfield international fortepiano competition 2011
christopher on wprb princeton radio
christopher at 70: ancient & modern by anthony fabian
masters of the baton – poznan concert
discography goes live!
champagne finale!!
bhs and bcs view christopher’s instrument collection
asian ventures
update on the v&a
brit awards
crisis at the v&a!
best wishes for coloratura christmas
barockstar: george frideric handel
the cambridge handel encyclopedia
mendelssohn discoveries (and gastronomic re-discoveries) in leipzig
the times cheltenham literary festival
video interview: christopher on mendelssohn
big ben: not by handel
world première
christopher (the classicist) writes to the times
the fitzwilliam museum: as seen by christopher hogwood
university of cambridge – 800th birthday
speech to launch v&a’s new baroque exhibition.
cambridge university honorary doctorate – orator’s speech
cambridge university honorary doctorate
christopher corrects the times
christopher opposes arts council cuts
halle handel prize
hear christopher on radio 4
christopher’s contribution to ‘fund og forskning’
happy new year!
inga nielsen cd featuring christopher
christopher becomes an honorary member of charles avison society
emma kirkby finally created a ‘dame’!
caricatures by ane lysebo – november 2005
christopher receives honorary doctorate from zürich university
‘john dowland on the keyboard’ published in early music
top harpsichordists
apologies...
four new reissues
concert in pisa cathedral
christopher in residence at cornell university
fording a river...
merry christmas! (2013)
lost and found: christopher's performances on folk albums from the 60s and 70s
decca release 50-cd box set featuring 37 of christopher's recordings
 
 
composers
       
brahms
           
review of brahms horn trio op. 40
brahms clarinet trio op. 114
brahms’ horn trio op. 40 published
feelguide.com on ‘indiana hogwood’
bbc radio 3 premieres newly discovered brahms piano piece
new edition of brahms piano trio op. 87 published
new edition of brahms' string sextet op. 18 arranged for piano trio by theodor kirchner
 

elgar
           
new edition of the elgar serenade
christopher’s edition of elgar’s enigma reviewed in early music review
first urtext edition of elgar’s enigma variations
 

geminiani
           
geminiani studies published
geminiani thematic catalogue live!
new publication — geminiani op. 5
new geminiani volume published
francesco geminiani opera omnia vol. 6
francesco geminiani newspaper references goes live
progress report on the complete works of francesco geminiani in ad parnassum
new geminiani volume
geminiani opera omnia debuts at frankfurt
new francesco geminiani opera omnia launched....
geminiani’s the art of accompaniment published
 

handel
           
imeneo
messiah highlights re-release
handel concerti grossi — recommended by gramophone
gramophone choice handel’s rinaldo
performing handel
acis and galatea dvd release
handel improv’d
arianna on radio 3
handel reveal’d
in celebration of handel and purcell
handel and a hot-water bottle
affordable handel
james fenton discusses handel
flavio preview on radio 3’s ‘in tune’
new edition of water music/music for the royal fireworks
new edition of handel/muffat 6 fugues for keyboard
introduction to facsimile edition of handel’s music for the royal fireworks
handel’s rinaldo including the rinaldo story
reconstructing messiah performances
ariodante: the background to the original production
why christopher loves handel
handel and the clavichord
revised handel biography
new reissue of orlando recording
 

haydn
           
just released —  32 haydn cds in one box!
new edition — haydn’s symphony no. 73 arr. salomon
new zinck and haydn keyboard works reviewed
haydn’s visits to england reviewed in the ft
how to travel with haydn!
haydn arranged by wranitzky
haydn’s visits to england reprinted in his anniversary year
christopher writes for the haydn society of north america
haydn’s london symphonies in j. p. salomon’s chamber arrangements
recording of haydn symphonies 76 and 77
haydn twelve ballads published
 

koželuch
           
koželuch article in early music
leopold koželuch complete sonatas for keyboard volume iii
review of volumes i and ii of the complete sonatas for keyboard by koželuch
thestar.com article on leopold koželuch
koželuch complete sonatas for keyboard, volume ii
koželuch sonatas published
first koželuch sonatas recording released
 

martinů
           
martinů recording recommended by gramophone
la revue de cuisine
at last.....!!
christopher on martinů for gramophone
encouraging start to martinů’s anniversary year
martinů series complete
completion of four-volume series of martinů’s works for violin and orchestra
martinů cd release...
martinů recording
 

mendelssohn
           
mendelssohn ‘scottish’ symphony
new mendelssohn recording: concertos for two pianos
foreword to mendelssohn in performance
mendelssohn overtures series complete
mendelssohn anniversary year 2009
new edition of mendelssohn’s ‘ruy blas’ overture
 

mozart
           
gramophone choice mozart masses
christopher conducts mozart’s requiem in pisa cathedral
new concertante cd
new mozart edition
 

others
           
new edition — pichl string quartet
weber cd now out
new edition — fasch vol. 3
new edition — fasch vol. 2
new edition — corelli op. 5
carlo zuccari’s the true method of playing an adagio
bach-stravinsky, four preludes & fugues
first volume of carl fasch complete keyboard works published
walmisley’s two sonatinas for oboe and pianoforte
anton eberl’s grand duo for cello and piano, op.26
j.s. bach triple concerto in d major (after bwv 1064)
duo economique
stravinsky release and vivaldi re-release
edition hh publication of johann baptist cramer sonatas
c.p.e. bach’s sonatas für kenner und liebhaber
new edition of muffat’s componimenti musicali, the source of so much handel
messager’s barcarolle: a new discovery for cellists
neils w. gade symphonies volume 4
bizet and strauss recording sleeve notes
decca downloads now available
credit-crunch music
eberl’s grande sonate charactéristique newly published
eberl’s sonata grande newly published
re-releases on decca l’oiseau-lyre label
‘fitt for the manicorde’
“deconstructing the genius of bach”
christopher's vivaldi recordings reissued as a 20-cd box set
cpe bach 300th anniversary celebrations
walmisley sonatinas featured in abrsm oboe syllabuses
previously-unpublished concerto attributed to ‘hendell’ released
second pichl quartet published
 

purcell
           
re-issues
purcell’s 1692 st. cecilia ode- a new edition
 

zinck
           
review of volumes ii & iii of the complete keyboard works of zinck
zinck complete keyboard works volume iii
zinck complete works for keyboard volume ii
zinck volume i
 



publications
     
new publication — de clavicordio x
review of essays in honor of christopher hogwood
abrsm piano syllabus
de clavicordio v
preface to hawkins’ history of the aam
de clavicordio vi
 

gresham
       
2012–2013
           
gresham college lecture  — schubert trout quintet 
gresham college lecture  — schubert fantasy in f minor d.940
 

2011–2012
           
gresham college lecture — the challenge of the solo
gresham college lecture — the opening salvo
gresham college lectures 2011–12
 

2010–2011
           
gresham college lectures 2010–2011
 



articles
       
urtext, que me veux-tu?
new york times article — early music is enjoying its moment
hogwood conducts juilliard415: breaking out of boxes
 

food counter
       
food counter — munich
food counter — february 2008
granada — february 2007
window on weimar — april 2006
cambridge — december 2005
leipzig and barcelona — october 2005
venice — august 2005
bamberg, würzburg and istanbul — june 2005
the hague, grosetto (italy) and london — june 2005
lucerne, badenweiler, sutton gault (cambs) and east london — march 2005
firenze, milano, como and frankfurt — february 2005
 

interviews
        
performance today
christopher on in tune
christopher on abc classic fm
christopher on bbc radio 3 music matters
japanese magazine interview
bbc radio 3 “the early music show” on iplayer
christopher in musikfreunde magazine
the lady’s ‘favourite things’
on the rake’s progress and picnics: two interviews with mark wiggins
opernwelt interview (1984)
 

reviews
        
salzburg festival 2012
review of volume i of the complete keyboard works of fasch
review of six sonatas by fasch
baroque music so clean it runs itself
dido and aeneas dvd reviews
purcell and balli per cembalo reviews
mendelssohn concertos for two pianos reviews
acis and galatea dvd review
the silver garburg piano duo: mendelssohn concertos for two pianos
britten sinfonia anniversaries tour
dido and aeneas dvd release
arianna in early music review
arianna on tour
dido and acis: first night
different approaches to dido: purcell’s greatest hit, as sung by 4b
top choice
third martinů cd reviewed on bbc radio 3
flavio reviews
reviews from la clemenza di tito in leipzig
amadigi review
recording of the month
recording of haydn arias and cantatas, with arleen auger
reviews of carl philipp emanuel bach: the complete works
reviews of amadigi
review of eberl’s toccata op.46
review of hebrides
hamburg concerts in the press
 

 
 



photographs
recordings

all
bach
beethoven
handel
haydn
martinu
mozart
purcell
vivaldi
 

publications


music

published
in preparation



books

published
in preparation


 
 

instruments

clavichords
harpsichords
spinet
virginals
fortepianos
square pianos
upright pianos
chamber organs
 
 


 
 . big wins, fair payouts, pleasant bonuses, as well as profitable offers from our club - check out at vavada casino  - play and win!.



