









barbara feldman » if my life had just one tagline, it would go here.






























//











barbara feldmanif my life had just one tagline, it would go here.
my life
my travels
my kitchen
my bookshelf
technology
education
i don’t often blog, but when i do …
3 days in valle de guadalupeaugust 1, 2019 by barbara feldman roasted sweet potato and fresh fig saladjuly 16, 2017 by barbara feldman this recipe was recommended by my daughter-in-law to be (i love saying this … soon i’ll get to drop the “to be”) who had it at a friend’s house. as it turns out, it is from jerusalem: a cookbook by yotam ottolenghi, one of my favorite cookbooks. frequently, his recipes are pretty time-consuming, but this… [continue]
here kedi, kedi (meow)may 8, 2017 by barbara feldman attention cat lovers, armchair travelers, wanderlusters, cord-cutters, and hygge* aficionados: this one’s for you! kedi is an independent turkish film about the street cats of istanbul, and the people who love them. it’s a heart-warming, visual feast for cat people, people people, and those that love to travel. i loved the film because of its… [continue]
in memory of mickiemarch 8, 2017 by barbara feldman mickie newdorf (august 8, 1929 – february 25, 2017) my mom was beautiful, intelligent, stylish, determined, and a successful business woman. from her i learned to follow my own path, not one prescribed by others. but, as many of you know, we had a difficult relationship. being mickie’s daughter (or son) was not always easy…. [continue]

about me
barbara feldman: mom. bubbie. wife. traveler. semi-retired techie. child of a holocaust survivor. zionist.


let's connect
       


recent posts


3 days in valle de guadalupe


roasted sweet potato and fresh fig salad


here kedi, kedi (meow)


in memory of mickie


best wine bar ever (or how to drink french wine in prague)



categories

education (123)

holiday gift guide (13)

my bookshelf (19)

my kitchen (23)

my life (181)

my travels (37)

technology (195)



let's connect
       




