


russian orthodox church of three saints храм трех святителей - three saints russian orthodox church, main page




















russian orthodox church of three saints




























































									home
								



									news
								



									our church
								





			administration
		





			weekly bulletin
		





			multimedia
		>






			pictures
		





			music
		





			videos
		








			history
		





			sunday school
		>






			general info
		





			registration form
		








			patriarchal parishes
		





			church etiquette
		





			cultural center
		





			directions
		





			please donate
		







									schedule
								



									sacraments
								





			seven sacraments
		





			baptism
		





			chrismation
		





			confession
		





			the eucharist
		





			holy unction
		





			ordination
		





			marriage
		





			orthodox funeral
		







									resources
								





			history
		>






			russian church history
		





			canonical churches
		





			mp and rocor
		





			orthodoxy in %
		








			our beliefs
		





			divine liturgy
		





			church canons
		





			ranks of angels
		





			orthodox links
		





			social concept
		





			christ is risen!
		





			humor
		







									calendar
								





			for today
		





			holy days
		>






			12 great holy days
		





			nativity of theotokos
		





			entry of the holy theotokos into the temple
		





			the annunciation
		





			christmas
		





			theophany
		





			palm sunday
		





			transfiguration
		





			dormition
		





			pentecost
		





			elevation of the cross
		








			paschalia
		





			great lent
		





			holy week
		







									contact us
								



									russian
								





			расписание богослужений
		





			календарь
		





			таинство крещения
		





			венчание
		





			поведение в храме
		





			освящение квартиры, дома, места работы
		





			отпевание и погребение
		







									our 125th
								























every saturday evening service begins at 5:00 pmкаждую субботу вечерняя служба начинается в 17:00






  sunday, february 23, 2025. liturgy start at 9:00 am.воскресенье, 23 февраля, 2025. начало литургии в 9:00 утра.sunday of the last judgment (meatfare)












воскресенье, 23 февраля, приглашаем всехна блины!  начало в 11 утра!











 






 



























​inclement weather: sometimes february brings stormy weather. we ask our parishioners to use good judgment and common sense not to drive when conditions are dangerous. as weather varies from place to place, it may be that services will be held as scheduled, despite the fact that conditions in your area are difficult. in general, if fr george can arrive at the church, services will be held however many or few people are present. weather advisories will be posted on our parish website: www.3saints.com ​or my facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/frgeorgekonyev. 






«человека, доброхотно дающего, любит бог, и недостаток​дел его восполнит» - нажмите на картинку снизу












международная православная христианская благотворительная организация











 






 



our parish has established a fund to support the countless number of worlds refugees. donations are accepted in the basket in the back of the church or via postal mail. checks can be made to three saints church included in the memo line "iocc relief fund."  all donations will then be collected and sent to the international orthodox christian charities (iocc) for further disbursement.


















why infant baptism? holy baptism is the first of seven sacraments in the orthodox christian church. together with the sacrament of holy chrism it joins the candidate to the mystical body of christ, the church...  eng   rus

 

 







the family is the basic unit or 'cell' of society, and the christian family is also a major building block of the orthodox church. the church places greet importance on the family to fulfil its role as a small church...  eng   rus

 














 






 









death is something that awaits all of us and yet we often wish to avoid thinking about it. as christians, we understand earthly death as a gateway to life eternal. preparing ourselves spiritually and making practical...   eng  rus

 

 

as orthodox christians, our spiritual journey in the life of the church begins with the sacrament of baptism. it is during this 'mystery' that we are cleansed of the original sin of man and made pure through ...   eng

 














 

 






 









освящение квартиры или дома изначально совершалось как благословение строительства нового дома, затем — благословение входа в этот дом. то же самое относится к освящению других вещей...  rus

 

 

the things we should know while in church. standing vs. sitting - the traditional posture for prayer and worship in the orthodox church has been to stand. in the orthodox “old countries”, there are usually no pews...  eng  rus

 









what we believethe orthodox church has upheld the teachings of jesus christ, the apostles (12 disciples), and the church fathers for the past 2000 years. we believe in the holy trinity, one god in three persons, father, son and holy spirit.we believe in the lord jesus christ, the only-begotten son, timelessly begotten of the father. we believe that the son was incarnate of the virgin mary and became man so that he might restore all people, and all of creation to himself.we believe that it is our mission, as christ’s followers, to bring the “good news” the “gospel” to all men.  we seek to do this in all aspects of our life.  orthodox lifeworship is central in the life of an orthodox christian.  worship in the orthodox church is also different than any other worship experience.  in the 10th century, emissaries were sent from russia to various places in europe, the middle east, and asia to look for a faith for the russian empire. while the emissaries were in the church of holy wisdom in constantinople,(modern day istanbul, turkey) they experienced something they had never experienced before. the emissaries reported “we knew not whether we were in heaven or on earth, for surely there is no such splendor or beauty anywhere upon earth. we cannot describe it to you: only this we know, that god dwells there among men, and that their service surpasses the worship of all other places. for we cannot forget that beauty.” the orthodox service that these ambassadors experience is the same service used in the orthodox church today.  it is a service that touches all of the senses. touch  this may be the most foreign aspect of orthodox worship to someone who has not witnessed it before.  in the orthodox church the service is very “hands on.” orthodox christians make the sign of the cross at various points during the service and venerated icons and the cross when entering the church or after the service has concluded.taste  every divine liturgy in the orthodox church uses the sense of taste as the faithful partake of communion.  in a very literal manner we “taste and see” (psalm 33/34) that the lord is good.the worshipper will make use of their sense of sight during the service.  a few paragraphs up you read that we venerate icons and the holy cross.  icons are images that depicted various members of the body of christ. these include christ himself, the virgin mary (commonly referred to as the theotokos – the greek word for god-bearer) and other saints of the church and events in the life of christ or salvation history. we do not worship these images, but simply venerate, respect, or honor them, knowing that the honor is received by those depicted in the images, and not the materials used to make the actual image or icon. that brings us to the last two senses, those of smelling and hearing.  it is for this reason that we are often known as the church of “smells and bells.”our sense of smell is used when we smell the various types of incense that are used during the services.  we know historically that incense was used in the tabernacle  and temple of israel and we're offered to the pagan gods. it is also used in most middle eastern and asian forms of worship. we use it in the context of psalm 140(141) which says “let my prayer be set before you as incense, the lifting of my hands as the evening sacrifice.”and of course we used our sense of hearing. we hear the bells, the singing, the homily (or preaching) and in this way we can understand the service and the message that our lord is giving us. our worship should be carried into every aspect of our life; this is part of the reason that it involves all of the senses. our worship shows our gratitude to god for the gifts he has given to use, and in that gratitude we seek to minister to others.
















click to enlarge
 




click to enlarge

 



 





click to enlarge
 
click to enlarge
 



 








click to visit
 





click to visit
 
click to visit
 



 



 
























our cultural center
















































our clergy:

прот. георгий конев 
настоятель храма

parish locator


add our banners






 














© 1996-2025 www.3saints.com - site created and maintained by fr. george konyev









