


the people's choice chat directory






















































































































































help 
keep the people's choice chat directory organized... report bad links, 
and good chatrooms:
suggestions.



looking for someone?








"welcome 
to the people's choice chat directory... you are about to get 
lost in a world of new people. bookmark this site... you will want 
to come back here, eventually ... we are not just chat, we are a resource.
" 






hand picked online merchants ...
(and chat directory supporter) go visit!



search personals
   
online games






"i had no idea there were so many beautiful, 
single women in the world... you've made me one 
happy dude."  
join free!.










i want to meet 

a sexy, fun:


single woman
 single guy





between the ages of:


18 - 24
25 - 34
35 - 50
50+






and located in:


united states
canada
europe - western
europe - eastern
latin america
caribbean
middle east
oceania
africa
asia

















live datecams and video chat

the future has arrived ... live video dating chat.  this goes a bit beyond photo personals 
(which are a great service, this is just very different) ... at 
just-for-fun personals webcam dating chat you can really meet someone online ... and if you 
like them, well, romance can take it\'s course. easy to use. free trial!  

more live video chat













 
lively webcam chat

fun webcam chat site for teens, grown-ups, everyone actually. no nudity allowed. 
monitored. different cam chatrooms for various interests.  well done.

more teen chat

more webcam chat




just friendly chat

 a friendly social network and chat community for grown-up over 18 years old. generally, a good, fun, clean web chat site.  just friendly chat also offers both online chat and an active, interesting forum.  you can also set up your own blog and check out the blogs and articles from other member. free, but registration required.

more cafe and coffeehouse chat




free christian chatrooms

check out jesus rocks irc christian singles, teens, 20+ on a safe irc chat network. dedicated staff and monitors 
for chat rooms.  popular, friendly, christian chat destination. 

more christian chat




webmd health chat forums

excellent collection of blogs and chat forums on all the topics of traditional health 
and health care you can think of... plus a few interesting alternative health 
care. also offers a very helpful "experts" section.

more health chat



 
girls flirt free
yes, it is a girls chat free chatline, 24/7. yes, it is phone/cellphone chat. they 
also offer some excellent features. (free trial for guys, too).









search for:






















live psychic and new age chat
just check out the selection of 
new age chat below - webcams and audio - very cool:
select category below



select psychic page
free psychic chat
authentic psychics
horoscope hotline
live psychic chat
tarot love readings
psychic love chat
astrology chat
1800 psychics
christian psychic
ask the spirits
1800 tarot
psychic finders
ask now
psychics chat line
gay psychic
love psychic kay
after death contact
past life reading
live numerology
ghost help
free help picking psychic
phone psychics







 
gaia online - avatar chat

virtual online community where you create your own avatar, join chat, forums, 
watch "gaia movies" online and more. basic membership is free. 
millions of members world wide.




byf free chat

meet people ... have fun. byf offers free chat, webcam chat, games and more. quick free download 
has you meeting new people in minutes. several chatrooms to choose from: teen chat, sports, 
chat for older folks, video chat and more. worth a visit.




jabberwacky

what the heck is this?  i am chatting with an ai (artificial intelligence) ... i am having visions of 
"hal, get back in the ship, hal" from the movie 2001 (and why aren't we visiting other 
planets, yet).  we obviously have an ai that will chat with you.  go try it yourself.

also check out 

a.l.i.c.e chat



 
uk dog chat

great selection of discussion boards (breed specific, nutrition, general dog chat, etc.) as well as 
good links to dog information sites. based in the uk.

more pet and animal chat




live football chat

live football chat during games. free. registration required. 
no game is boring when you can chat, live, during the game.

more sport's chat





 back 
to top
    
 more chatrooms?


copyright 2014-
chatterhead.net.


thanks for visiting chatterhead.net... the people's choice chat directory












