

online assessments for hr professionals, consultants, psychologists, and counselors
  























































test drive
 · 
assessments
 · 
prices
 · 
about































new users










 click here 
                    to take our online testing system for a free test drive. 



 to apply for the keys to 
                    your very own full featured account, click here. 
                  













take a test















test code







password










 






forgot
											your test code or password?















access your account















account code







password










 
























welcome to sigmatesting.com, the online testing site of sigma assessment systems, inc. we offer counselors, psychologists and human resource professionals online access and to our highly regarded assessment instruments. sigmatesting.com provides quality solutions in the aptitude measurement, career planning, leadership development, personality and behavior, and selection testing areas.
ready to start testing online? your sigmatesting.com account allows you to administer assessments to your clients - no matter where they are located. easy-to-use options allow you to track their progress, review their responses, and instantly access their reports. click here to apply for a sigmatesting.com account. it's quick and easy.
not sure if online testing is for you? click here to apply for a free test drive, and experience the convenience of online administration and instant reports.
still have questions? contact us to learn more about how sigmatesting.com can help you.





sigma assessment systems is a founding member of the association of test publishers, which has grown to include companies like microsoft and hewlett packard. for over 50 years, sigma has developed innovative, practical solutions that withstand both the test of time, and critical peer review. click here to learn more about sigma.



at sigmatesting.com, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your information. visit our policies page for more details.



















copyright © 2002-2023, sigma assessment systems, inc.
        all rights reserved.
      















