


fdp.nu free energy with magnets




















			 
		




 










administration


















 

magnet motors





motionless electromagnetic generator


meet the minato wheel


andy motor


bowman pmm


changing field device


dual piston device


lüling motor


flux-o-matic (lloyd zirbes)


helix rotary (mikell device)


kiss device (jan p.cack)


linear motion


magnetic shape memory motor


magnetic vortex motor


perendev motor


rotor floater


torbay device


triangle gate experiment


tri-force gate


v-gate motor (calloway)


animations (new devices)


other wheels collected


 


youtube - magnetic motors


 


contribute to further progress








gravity wheels/motors





cross wheel motor

gravity wheel

spring drive motor

variable spoke motor

 

youtube - gravity wheels








pulse motors/electricity





pulse motor

youtube - pulse motors

 

electricity energy power savers

youtube - power savers








file section





general folder (root)

butch lafonte

graham clarke

 








site navigator





design your wheel on-line

test scenario and results

ebooks/articles

cnc-conversion

magnetic research photos

press book (about this research)

site map

my guestbook








free energy store





store with site related products

neodymium magnets on ebay









weather in space





solar x-rays:



geomagneticfield:









minato wheel e-group






not a member yet?





















































about these pages





flying dutchman projects is an advocate for sustainability leadership through their free energy concept. with this project, founder eric vogels has made an effort to accelerate and expand the adoption of sustainable energy solutions to build a healthy global economy.

about the founder:  more...










latest updates on this site







2024-10-0803-07  a project focused on ai analysis of the lüling video has been added to the existing page here.
click2024-03-07   flux-o-matic, by lloyd b. zirbes. read more here.
click2023-01-12   a new meg replication by me. read more here.
2013-08-02   a self-running generator in loop under construction. soon more information.
click2012-10-24   a new device by tom ferko. read more here.
2012-09-03   one of the tools i often use is my magnetometer. just to find n or s. i downloaded several applications to my
android phone, but those applications always give more then i want and therefor are not so practical to work with when i only need a n or s indication. 
i made my own application that just does the pole detection. it's available for download here and i'm open for suggestions since it's my own product.click

2012-08-21   finally i started to give the website fdp.nu a 'facelift'.
click2012-05-27   despite many failing replications i decided to make my own rebuild of calloways v-gate motor. the page will be under construction and updated during the time i collect parts and build. read more here.
2012-04-05   new pictures of a device that is strongly based on the perendev, are added to the file section here..click
2012-03-20   i replicated the magnetic vortex motor. the process and result are here.
2011-12-10   finally i updated the dual piston device. i moved on from version one (sliding bearings) to version two (rotating bearings). look here for more information..
i had the blueprints of the flux-o-matic scanned and posted them as tif and pdf here.
i updated the file section pages. now images are shown as thumbnails, when browsing the folders. clicking on the thumbnail will bring you to the real size photo. the thumbnails are created 'on the fly' and loading time is minimal. i also gave the file section an own navigation block on the front page where i will add the shortcuts to some of the folders.
click2008-03-02   the helix rotary (mikell device) is a device with mysteries surrounding it. a new replication was made and the results are posted here..
2008-01-10 a new kind of gate is tested. it is called the tri-force gate. it is a design of graham clarke. it seemed possible to get the runner through 4 tri-gates, the gates being connected on the outer edges with a couple of bar mags between each gate. the bar mags appear to cancel the 
repel effect at the entrance side of the gatesread more here....
another smot device is designed and created. a nice piece of workmanship by peter schmalenbach from germany.read more here....

click
after i received a package of blueprints made by lloyd b. zirbes and kept in a storage for 15 years, i assembled the information on this website. the pages are going to be updated with my progress in making a 3d drawing of the complete device.



click
a combination of the triangle experiment and the maggen is posted.

a document is added about the triangle gate experiment, a design by r. calloway.

an animation is posted, that shows a bowman permanent magnet motor
click

i collected all information that was available about the mikell device and placed it in a document.the mikell document was updated with an instruction about how to build a  2d mikell device.



click



in the photobook i added a new chapter:minato movies. i added some video clips with the real minato wheel.















motivational quote














minato wheel e-group, the most recent messages








 







 












disclaimer





flying dutchman projects maintains this website to enhance public access to information about its initiatives and alternative energy in general. our goal is to keep this information timely and accurate. if errors are brought to our attention, we will try to correct them.
however flying dutchman projects accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to the information on this site.








caution





the information here is for educational purposes only. any attempt at replication is done at full liability of the one replicating them. these motors can develop high rpm and high voltage depending on how they are designed. build and operate at you own risk!








legal notices





copyright © 2000-2006 flying dutchman projects. all rights reserved. flying dutchman projects retains all copyrights in all text, graphic images, videos, code, and software owned by flying dutchman projects.
permission is given to view, copy, print, and distribute material on this web site subject to the following conditions: this material may be used only for internal, informational, non-commercial purposes.
any copy of the material or portion thereof must include this copyright notice.
you may establish a hypertext link to the flying dutchman projects site from your world wide web site so long as the page containing the link properly attributes the linked site to fdp ® and does not in any way imply fdp's sponsorship of your site. however, you may not, without obtaining fdp's written permission, republish, redistribute or otherwise make any copies, of the materials on the fdp ® site, as a part of the link, including by framing or similar means, or otherwise. 
no other use of the material within this web site or portion thereof is permitted without the express written consent of fdp ®.









privacy policy










privacy policy
privacy policy for www.fdp-energy.com
if you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.			        
at www.fdp-energy.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. this privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.fdp-energy.com and how it is used.			        
log files 
like many other web sites, www.fdp-energy.com makes use of log files. the information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( ip ) addresses, type of browser, internet service provider ( isp ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. ip addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.			        
cookies and web beacons 
www.fdp-energy.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.			        
doubleclick dart cookie 
.:: google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.fdp-energy.com.
 .:: google's use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.fdp-energy.com and other sites on the internet. 
.:: users may opt out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html			        
some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. our advertising partners include google adsense and clickbank. 
these third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.fdp-energy.com send directly to your browsers. they automatically receive your ip address when this occurs. other technologies ( such as cookies, javascript, or web beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.			        
www.fdp-energy.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 
			        
			        you should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.fdp-energy.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.		          
if you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. 











latest update: 2013-09-29 14:59:00





gmt +1:00 (central europe standard time)


















sponsored links
















links





sponsors and suppliers

links to other sites








events






no events



















