


your queries answered personally by vijay kumar























 


vijay kumar
subscribe  newsletter
contact us








 

your queries answered personally by vijay kumar


engage live with vijay kumar...
      the man who realized god in 1993!send query you have been contemplating for long! who knows when your sixth
      sense activates! you have nothing to loose ever!
learn core truths of life - we
      promise life will never be same again after you have been through some essays). answers that shall mesmerize
      you for long times to come! questions you always wanted to ask...
      but answers eluded you!

latest articles -




meditation and yoga ...
                      core truths of
                      meditation!
in hinduism meditation is defined as yoga. rather
                meditation is a word coined much later and what initially existed was the word yoga. and what does
                yoga mean? yoga is derived from the word "yog"... and yog in hinduism means literally the + sign.
                as we say it in hindi that 2 yog 2 means 4. simply adding two plus two, which equals four. in the
                cosmic domain yog stands for the attempt of atman soul to combine with parmatman (brahman, god
                almighty creator). read more - how to meditate meditation techniques what is yoga
                      meditation









atman and brahman...what differentiates the
                      two?how hinduism
                      believes atman is brahman? how hinduism derived its conclusion? what are the factors
                      responsible for logically believing in atman as brahman? what is the say of bhagavad-gita...
                      the doctrine given to mankind by lord krishna in this matter? the belief of hinduism that
                      atman is brahman... is it absolute or conditional? read more - hinduism atman
                      is brahman define explain




hear vijay kumar speak on different
topics (audio)

articles essays categories: you would love to browse -
(every category consists of multiple essays on the topic... unless you read... contemplate
      deeply and wisely... do not send your query! most essays can never be understood literally... you must learn
      to read in between the lines)

advaita vedanta
the question whether i believe in advaita or dvaita does not rise. having realized god i know advaita vedanta is the only logical conclusion ... the only and absolute truth. adi shankaracharya preached what lord krishna advocated in bhagavad gita ... advaita vedanta which is truth and only truth.
age of enlightenment
when i started on this journey at 11 years of age, i had not the slightest inkling that i would see god one day in the present life, leave apart the question of how many years from now but one thing i was very sure of was that if god was to give a darshan to someone on mother earth it was to be me
atman brahman
how hinduism believes atman is brahman? how hinduism derived its conclusion? what are the factors responsible for logically believing in atman as brahman? what is the say of bhagavad-gita... the doctrine given to mankind by lord krishna in this matter? the belief of hinduism that atman is brahman... is it absolute or conditional?
benefits of meditation
in hinduism meditation is defined as yoga. rather meditation is a word coined much later and what initially existed was the word yoga. and what does yoga mean? yoga is derived from the word "yog"... and yog in hinduism means literally the + sign. as we say it in hindi that 2 yog 2 means 4
bhagavad gita
bhagvad gita is a very deep document. it mainly deals with the status of a human being primarily in its pure state i.e. atman the soul within. as every soul does not have gender properties, in bhagvad gita whatever has been taught and referred to applies to both the sexes
big bang theory
big bang is the time when the origination of the cosmos occurs. it is a phenomenon over which the scientists world-wide had been putting different theories. but only about 20 years or so have passed when the scientific community concurred that cosmos formation occurred after the big bang only. this is now a confirmed fact. no other theory as per the scientists is more convincing and in conformity.
christianity timeline
around 3600 years ago came lord krishna (the preacher of "bhagavad gita"... the first and the most concise scripture available on mother earth...available to followers of hinduism at large and mankind in general).
communicating with god
every single word of mine on the net is a direct dictation from god. i never write anything on my own. it is beyond my intellect and capability. the moment i realized god, dictation's from god have become a regular feature. sometimes the dictations continue for hours and at times months pass. living in grihastha ashram and continuing with the spiritual endeavour is at times difficult but life is so. being my last life i have to impart the cosmic wisdom before i leave this mortal frame.
definition of spirituality
now... the cause of society is not the least concern of the true seeker of spirituality ... a true seeker of spirituality initially is after self realization. once that is achieved and having attained the status of a man god like buddha, mahavira, jesus christ and prophet mohammed ... there is no end to providing succor to the ailing society. unless one has realized god ... how can we preach ... and what shall he preach! all would become a farce unless we practice ourselves what we intend to teach.
end times
the triggering of the wtc affair was just a beginning... the finale is yet to come. christianity and followers of islamic dharma have fanatical tendencies... they believe their god is the only savior of mankind. the biggest anomaly that exists in these religions! had jesus christ and prophet mohammed been present during the present times... they would have rued the day when they were born for they never ever taught whatever is being practiced today by the christians and the islamic world.
forgiveness quotes
you need not forgive one ... keep the grudge ... life would become a hell short while from now. you really don't want that ... do you. life and death is in the hands of jahapanah (god almighty of the cosmos). death does not come on its own. we reap what we sow ... nothing more or less. accidental deaths do take place but rarely.
hinduism beliefs
hinduism speaks of the ultimate reality through the mouth of bhagavad gita... in bhagavad gita is contained everything that is worth knowing as a human being! the knower of bhagavad gita emancipates forever and reaches the stage of salvation moksha. it is as simple as that... one who has seen the light of the sun is no more interested in the candle light and the power of the bulb.
human evolution
when do we truly expect the world to end? in 2012, when world awaits a disaster of unimaginable proportions or even before or later!
india culture
when do we truly expect the world to end? in 2012, when world awaits a disaster of unimaginable proportions or even before or later!
inner self
it is almost 12 years since i realized god ... that was in august 1993 ... having come face-to-face with god, my destiny changed overnight. from being the managing director of one million us $ turnover company ... the next day i had nowhere to go. all was lost, yet i had gained everything ... i desired in my life.
islam religion
prophet mohammed when he was a young man gained wisdom but as he could not convince the elders of his village about his achievements for it was not within the capacity of the elders to understand the cosmic wisdom of the ages... he was made to flee the village.
jainism beliefs
who is a jain? one who follows the jaina traditions ... jainism has never ever been spelled as a religion ... it is a way of life. the word jain was derived from the word "jina" ... one who has won his true self ... one who has realized god ... the knower of brahman ... one who has come face-to-face with god.
karma yoga
whether we suffer more or enjoy more of happiness is solely dependent upon the residual karma of our past lives and the present life. if we continue doing punya karma then there is no reason that god shall bless us with happiness throughout ... if we indulge in papa karma ... insurmountable sufferings await us.
kingdom of heaven
swarga (living in heaven) is a relative concept. while in swarga heaven ... an atman the soul within is not expected to work ... it is but to enjoy the fruits of its labor. in the materialistic west ... it is normally observed that people are contented. it is not like india where people madly run after money. in india money is the goal ... in the west money is but a means to live a comfortable life.
kundalini yoga
while proceeding on the path of self realization ... one need to practice celibacy for a continuous period of 12 years ... it can be more not less. this helps one retain all the energy within the self so that instead of taking the staircase of spiritual life we can jump the lift (the elevator) and go straight up. going up the lift is what we know as awakening of the kundalini ... the inherent dominant force present in every human being.
love horoscopes
horoscopes is the end result of astrology ... given the time of our birth and the date ... the astrologers based on the readings of the horoscope are able to interpret the destiny of our present life ... horoscopes primarily confirms the fact that everything in the cosmos is nothing but energy.
moksha yoga
moksha yoga: then how does one liberate himself? you want to liberate whom and from what? all your problems exist as long as one considers himself as the pivotal point. our atman within is not governed by the physical senses governing a jiva. think it over. you have not been able to comprehend the truth in my basic article "truce with my innerself". read it again.
origin of life
the relationship between the body and the atman soul must be clearly understood. our body is meant to live an average life of about 70 to 80 years whereas our atman the soul within is on its cosmic journey of 8.4 million manifestations altogether. it is a long journey indeed for the total journey would require approximately 96.4 million earthly years.
proof of reincarnation
the concept of reincarnation of atman soul as understood by most human beings world over is flawed! even the wikipedia dictionary gives an absolutely wrong explanation of reincarnation by atman soul... the reason is evident! enthusiastic editors knowing little of spiritual path... the domain of spirituality just to maintain presence on internet giving gibberish explanations!!
purpose driven life
right from the first manifestation as an amoeba, subsequently insects, then a plant, further an animal and finally as a human being ... it requires an atman the soul within ... a total of 8.4 million manifestations. atman the soul within has to travel from one form of life to another for a total of 8.4 million lives.
self realization fellowship
self realization (aka god realization) is reaching the house of god. it is completing cosmic journey in totality. the gains in the field of spirituality are never measured in physical terms. everyone in this manifested world proceeding towards the house of god can never be at loss!
sexual pleasure
sensual pleasure and infinite consciousness (related to spirituality) are absolutely different domains. none can transgress the boundaries of the other. sensual pleasure is limited by the body... infinite consciousness is the domain of god almighty. if we desire merging with the bigger whole (god almighty)... we need to travel the spiritual path! no exceptions!
soul
self in hinduism is understood for the inner self... the real self within every human being... the core of us... our atman the soul within. in hinduism the physical manifested life which a human being lives, the life of 70 to 80 years spent on mother earth within a life span carries no more meaning other than passing through a phase of life. why so?
spiritual guidance
you seem to have got me wrong ... i am neither an astrologer nor a pundit. i can only say ... if you really want to rise in life ... do the bidding of the small inner voice which comes from within. think logically, if you really can trust your wife in such matters ... consult her and take your best decision ... you shall succeed.
spiritual masters
having reached the end part of my cosmic career i was full of cheer as one would be on seeing a full bloomed rose. but here i was the rose myself and there was no way to become a bud once more. all manifestations had ended. i had come out of the cyclic chain of life and death never to be born again as a human or any other being.
spiritual science
talking of the spiritual realm... spirituality is a gift of god and can be pursued only by those who have been blessed by god for proceeding on the path of spirituality. merely desiring never helps... neither in the physical world nor in the spiritual world can one gain anything simply by wishing! one needs to work for it.
steps to celibacy
every spiritual leader starting from mahavira, buddha, jesus christ and prophet mohammed practiced celibacy to its extreme end. and what does that mean ... practicing celibacy physically is only a small part ... practicing celibacy in imagination is what requires absolute control over self.
strange cosmos
you have come unto this world on your own or has some one else brought you into this world. if the some one has is your parents (you might think so) ... you are mistaken ... human beings do not have the power to create even a small pebble ... what to talk of creating a baby!
truth seeker
we cannot expect one to preach before one has learnt the absolute truth ... the truth hidden in all the sacred scriptures of all the religions of the world. truth is the same in all religions ... but all have a different path to go. as many human beings ... as many chain of thoughts exist! swami vivekananda preached spirituality even though he did not realize god within his lifetime ... but he was an acharya of the highest order the world has ever seen in the recent times.
why do good people suffer
there is no way out of your sufferings. they are of your own making! god is a dhrishta (an onlooker). he never interferes with the working of his beings. it is like a supercomputer duly programmed for every act performed by all jivas (living beings) existing in the total cosmos. as we perform our karma ((the sum total of all deeds performed by us) so shall we be paid by god.
world war 3
world war 3 predictions: world war 3 shall be the last war of this era. there is nothing beyond world war 3 to look forward to. world war 3 has been aptly titled as the last war of the era for the society as we know today shall crumble and collapse after the devastating world war 3. world war three shall be a war of dharma (uprightness)... it shall be a fight to the finish between two fanatic communities of the world. the christians and followers of islamic dharma.
2012 doomsday
people world over claim end of the world in 2012. shall the world witness gloomiest hour in the journey of life in or around 2012? did nostradamus predict an unprecedented mishap in life of human beings in 2012?



vijay kumar explains concept of atman in brief audio (eng) (3.1
      mb) audio hindi (3 mb)
personal experience of
god highlights - brief audio hindi (8.6 mb)
religion and
spirituality difference - brief audio hindi (66.6 mb)
bhagavan kalki - bhagwan
kalki - brief audio hindi (71.8 mb)

(all clippings take few seconds to load initially - suitable for
      broadband internet connection preferably above 256 kbps. more clippings on glossary of words in hinduism to
      follow soon... stay tuned! send a subject of your choice... on which you want to hear vijay kumar
      speak!)



 
bookmark / share :delicious digg facebook twitter reddit 




  

 


subscribe  newsletter


contact us








    © copyright 2004-2023, vijaykumar.com. all rights reserved.







