






poetry.com





























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 






by titlein poemsfor poets 



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems
 











by title
in poems
for poets



 






welcome to poetry.com!



poetry.com is a collaborative platform for poets worldwide, offering a vast collection of works by both renowned and emerging poets. it's a community-driven project that serves as a hub for poets to share their works, receive feedback, and connect with like-minded fellow poets.


explore our poetry collection by navigating through subjects, using alphabetical order, or search by keywords. you can contribute a new poem, share your thoughts and rating on existing works, listen to poems with voice pronunciation, and even translate pieces into a variety of languages, both common and uncommon.

submit your poem










rate this poem:4.9 / 14 votes gone but not forgotten

jordane garrity
deathfamilyhumorouslifelosslovenature 
promoted 










3







when i lost you
grief arrived with a twin
one asked
 that i mourn who you were
the other
that i mourn who you could have been
my heart feels torn in two
half of me is buried with you
the other half
lives on honoring you
i think of all our short memories fondly
but i still long to see your grin
the parts of your story left untold
it's the "what if's," that hurt the most
and how happy we could have been
i don't think my heart can fully mend
but i hope you feel all the love that i send
i know it's silly 
but i look for signs of you
little reminders or messages
to me from you
like, when i look up at the grey clouds
and then i see the sun break through
i hope you can see me looking up at you
and when you look down on me
i want you to see
my smile
and how strong you've made me
to smile
 when you feel like breaking
to laugh 
through your heart aching
to learn 
to go on without you
that is the hardest lesson
 i've ever had to do
i know, now, 
i can get through anything 
so, if your up there looking down on me 
i want to give you something good to view
so, i'm going to work at a being a better me
and that's the way i'll continue to honor you


about this poem
last year my sister had a baby. his name was elliott and she was happier than i had ever seen her to be a mom. but sadly 3 weeks after his birth, he mysteriously passed away suddenly in her arms. i watched my sister and her husband go from being happier than they had ever been to completely devastated confused angry and depressed. it broke my heart to see how much pain they were in knowing there was nothing that could be done to help. i watched them completely fall appart and then they slowly picked themselves back up and put their life back together.  on elliott's birthday i wrote this for him, my sister, her husband, my dad, and everyone in our family missing elliott. more »

font size:


 collection 
                						 
                						 edit 
                						 
                						 
                						 
                					
 
written on january 19, 2025
submitted by akartist907 on january 21, 2025
modified by akartist907 on january 21, 2025





1:18 min read

3,259 views









jordane garrity
 · 1994 · alaska  more…
all jordane garrity poems | jordane garrity books

 follow
7 fans











translation
find a translation for this poem in other languages:



select another language:

- select - 简体中文 (chinese - simplified) 繁體中文 (chinese - traditional) español (spanish) esperanto (esperanto) 日本語 (japanese) português (portuguese) deutsch (german) العربية (arabic) français (french) русский (russian) ಕನ್ನಡ (kannada) 한국어 (korean) עברית (hebrew) gaeilge (irish) українська (ukrainian) اردو (urdu) magyar (hungarian) मानक हिन्दी (hindi) indonesia (indonesian) italiano (italian) தமிழ் (tamil) türkçe (turkish) తెలుగు (telugu) ภาษาไทย (thai) tiếng việt (vietnamese) čeština (czech) polski (polish) bahasa indonesia (indonesian) românește (romanian) nederlands (dutch) ελληνικά (greek) latinum (latin) svenska (swedish) dansk (danish) suomi (finnish) فارسی (persian) ייִדיש (yiddish) հայերեն (armenian) norsk (norwegian) english (english)







discuss the poem gone but not forgotten with the community...









https://www.poetry.com/poem/210520/gone-but-not-forgotten



newest
oldest
popular


30 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








philmaund"grief arrived with a twin" -- what a powerful metaphor!likereply5 hours agoscott.raymond1991i keep repeating the opening lines. very beautiful, had me from the start!likereply 11 day agorvnwow! look at mine pleaselikereply3 days agorickthepoetwarriora nicely written  heartfelt poem. thank you.likereply 15 days agojmkloebleit’s really beautiful, jordane. your poem shows how hope can help us to slowly heal from the pain of loss. you express your emotions sincerely, without artifice, which helps the reader to connect with your message. more »likereply 16 days agothembieangieemtthis is deeply heartfelt and beautifully expresses the weight of grief and love intertwined. the raw honesty makes it so moving, and the idea of honoring a lost loved one by living fully is incredibly powerful. it’s a touching tribute that captures both sorrow and strength. more »likereply 16 days agoabernathyxjust wonderfullikereply 16 days agodonka_ka very beautiful, heart-felt and "weighty" in word-choice poem.  it must relate to a lot of people.likereply 16 days ago7lomywell writtenlikereply 18 days agobookerina"when i lost yougrief arrived with a twinone asked that i mourn who you werethe otherthat i mourn who you could have been"these lines touched me so much. it is so true that we have to mourn both the person we knew who passed away, but also the person that could have become had they lived.and reading about your sister's poor baby makes if even more devastating. so sorry for your family's loss. more »likereply 18 days agomark.e.sthat looks amazing, it's so bright it's hard to look at even. i'm so sorry about the story behind that though, sad but an uplifting message.likereply 19 days agolbruce12388having lost my mum last year this hit a chord with me, very heartfelt xlikereply 29 days agotanjaklaricabsolutely beautifully writtenlikereply 211 days agohtrout24well writtenlikereply 211 days agosundaybiyi5i am greatly moved with  the apostrophe mastery  of this poem.likereply 211 days agoshazzajones112aw lovely poem. very well written. i am so sorry to read about your losslikereply 211 days agoakinpet23well penned.sorry for the losslikereply 214 days agobyfaithjaynaki love this poem. sorry for your losslikereply 215 days agohillarywendorfso moving!likereply 219 days agodelanonicelikereply 220 days agosusan.brumelmy heartfelt condolences to you all. your poem speaks to the most tragic of losses, and hints to the hope for recovery from such a devastating experience. your sister is lucky to have you to support her at this difficult time. may elliott’s memory be a blessing for all who loved him. more »likereply 220 days agoladyygraciousnicelikereply 120 days agohazel1373love this poem. writing is precise with detailsi experience this too with my sister, she had to push out her son after he was deceased in her and her reality didn't kick in until she saw the doctors death banding him. was so tramatic and sad. my heart goes out to you all more »likereply 123 days agojordaneg5614i'm sorry to hear of your sisters tradegy and for you as well. it was a very helpless feeling for me to know my sister was in an unimaginable pain but it felt like there wasn't anything that could be said or done to help. more »likereply21 days agobellathemilkcartonnicelikereply 123 days agokarlcfolkesjordane, i mourn with you, your sister, and other family members.  in 1963, as newlyweds and a young couple, my wife and i suddenly lost our newborn baby boy child, who suddenly passed away after seven days of life.  it was quite devastating for us.  but we have since fully recovered  and have even been strengthened by the loss.  we wish the same for you. more »likereply 124 days agojordaneg5614i'm so sorry for your loss. some days i'm not sure if my sister will recover from her loss. but it gives me hope for her to hear that you managed to recovered from a similar loss and you were strengthen for it. i hope my sister and her husband can do the same. more »likereply21 days agostevemcnultythis kind of loss is extremely hard. all loss is hard. i found gratitude to be a saving grace as i navigated the trauma/grief process. i wish you gratitude and peace.likereply 124 days agojn.selvaduraiso beautiful and touching the heart stings.likereply 125 days agoladyygraciouswell writtenlikereply 125 days agokverreydtbeautiful poem. created from the soul of your heart .likereply 128 days agocrucifiedinhim2beautiful expression of losslikereply 128 days agoload 10 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 


citation
use the citation below to add this poem to your bibliography:



style:mlachicagoapa
"poetry.com" poetry.com. stands4 llc, 2025. web. 19 feb. 2025. <https://www.poetry.com/>.


powered by cite.me

 






become a member!
join our community of poets and poetry lovers to share your work and offer feedback and encouragement to writers all over the world!



signup












close










the web's largest resource for
poets, poems & poetry
 a member of the stands4 network



enter our february contest to win cash prizes!
×


 



february 2025
poetry contest


join our monthly contest for an opportunity to win cash prizes and attain global acclaim for your talent.
submissions due in...



9
days


16
hours


2
minutes






93 entries submitted — 57 remaining
enter here »






 






3











special program
earn rewards!


unlock exciting rewards such as a free mug and free contest pass by commenting on fellow members' poems today! 
learn more »





our awesome collection of
promoted poems

»

moving forwardsharona reevesgone but not forgottenjordane garritystarlight in my eyessusan mayer brumellanterns-lit year of the…william hethe reason why i sleep.robert allenthe calming stormguy alberta poem waiting to be fou…luciana fisher
get promoted 






browse poetry.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems 









quiz
are you a poetry master?

»

who is considered to be the greatest poet of russia’s golden age?


a
charles baudelaire


b
vladimir mayakovsky


c
alexander pushkin


d
leo tolstoy



















fresh
our latest poems

»


plese forget me... slowly
by writingriots
starlight in my eyes
by susan mayer brumel
what we do...
by jessica dawn
a cupt that never came
by thembieangieemt
destilling
by heather lydia thornhill
ca-502
by b. hernandez
fluttering of pr0verbial butterflies
by mark e. s.


submit a new poem







our favorite collection of
famous poets

»

gerard manley hopkins1844 - 1889percy bysshe shelley1792 - 1822dylan thomas1914 - 1953henry wadsworth longfellow1807 - 1882edgar allan poe1809 - 1849rainer maria rilke1875 - 1926emily dickinson1830 - 1886


















your adhere!




your adhere!















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new poem
become a member
meet the members
recently added
activity log
most popular
poetry forms
faq







services

tools
your collection
tell a friend
bookmark us
help me out!
poetry api
promote 
haiku checker
poem generator
articles



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise
affiliate program





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






















