

































































fredericksburg | breaking news | your local news and community information source.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















40°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



virginia video network



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoon




sports


high school



college



professional



fredericksburg nationals



local



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



contests



games & puzzles



comics



play



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



public notices



goodwill



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



shop goodwill online




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



newspaper in education



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









40°
cloudy
























        
        
            every servicemember knows 'someone who has died by suicide'

fredericksburg area has regional coalition to help prevent suicide which is higher among veterans than the general population. 

















        
        
            stafford girls basketball advances to commonwealth district semifinals

olivia ferguson scored 16 points and sanaa jenkins added 12 points as the stafford girls basketball defeated mountain view 54-40 in a commonwealth district girls basketball quarterfinal friday night.

















        
        
            spotsylvania detectives seeking public's help in solving a double homicide last month

spotsylvania detectives are seeking the public’s help in solving a double homicide that was discovered in the county last month. 

















        
        
            teacher on drugs in spotsylvania classroom pleads guilty to 19 felony charges

a former second-grade teacher in spotsylvania who was caught with drugs in her classroom last year was convicted of 19 felony offenses thursday. 

















        
        
            best of the burg 2025
















        
        
            king george considers another component of data centers

battery energy storage system would store electricity until it's needed on the grid, by homeowners or data centers. 

















        
        
            shakira austin’s road to recovery has been unrivaled

opening night of the 2024 wnba season was one to celebrate for washington mystics forward and fredericksburg native shakira austin. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            spotsylvania detectives seeking public's help in solving a double homicide last month


















        
        
            king george considers another component of data centers


















        
        
            teacher on drugs in spotsylvania classroom pleads guilty to 19 felony charges















                
                the latest



















        
        
            fredericksburg speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the fredericksburg free lance star. 




















        
        
            susanna finn unanimously selected to fill the unexpired city council term of tim duffy

susanna finn’s last meeting as a member of the fredericksburg planning commission was a lengthy one, ending after midnight thursday. 












        
        
            man accused of injuring two police officers apprehended in spotsylvania following high-speed chase

a man accused of injuring two police officers during an attempted apprehension in dumfries was arrested in spotsylvania county wednesday following a high-speed chase on interstate 95 during which speeds exceeded 100 mph, police said. 





















        
        
            fredericksburg neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in fredericksburg free lance star. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            best of the burg 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            watch: stafford's sanaa jenkins on friday's district quarterfinal win




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'












                
                sports
                
                    










        
        
            friday, feb. 14 high school sports roundup

tj wilkerson led brooke point scoring 31 points to lead them to a commonwealth district first round tournament victory 59-55 over the visiting stafford indians friday night. 












        
        
            high school sports: playoff pairings

boys basketball 












        
        
            high school basketball: boys and girls standings

(as of games played through monday, feb. 10) 




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            faith community notes

a roundup of news and notices from fredericksburg-area places of worship.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            love is in the air! 16 valentine’s day gifts to show your wife you care

contributor content. while roses and chocolates are timeless, why not make your wife's valentine's day truly unforgettable this year with a tailored gift to show her you’ve been paying attention to what she likes, needs, or dreams about.












provided








        
        
            3 tips to get your kids playing outside more regularly

provided content. learn tips on how to get your kids outside and playing. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            bang! music



                                        261 garrisonville rd ste 107, stafford, va 22554
                                    



 website






















        
        
            ethan allen retail, inc.



                                        p.o. box 1966, danbury, ct 06813
                                    






























        
        
            raven hi fi



                                        214 william st, fredericksburg, va 22401
                                    



 website
















                
                print ads
                
            






















restaurant





        
        
            captain d's restaurant, inc., local franchise
























services





        
        
            appleton campbell inc
























services





        
        
            free lance star classified house ads




































        
        
            best of the burg 2025



















×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

contests

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

submission forms

independent contractor (newspaper carrier)

public notices

become a carrier

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        fredericksburg free lance star, 1340 central park blvd.suite 100 fredericksburg, va 22401
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























