



usa film festival

usa film festival





usa film festival

















 




 


 






















 










home


about us


programs


filmmaker info


sponsorship info


membership


recent


tributes


guests


contact











 


























































«
01fw dates 202502fw24 guests03david lynch series04kidfilm 2025 guests05kidfilml dates 202506november 207november 308xmas series 202409november cobra kai10kidfilm disd 202011hitchcocktober 202412oct previews 2024b13sheila14kidfilm 2024 guests15ghibli 202316inside theater17dennis hopper18home19gravity220oca 2023 »
pause
























 



















































welcome to the usa film festival, a 55-year-old dallas-based, year-round 501(c)3 nonprofit organization dedicated to the recognition of excellence in the film and video arts and to bringing filmmakers and audiences together.  we present over 50 days of programs every year
-- we're a 50 day film festival!







for membership information and how to join the festival and receive free preview screenings every month, scroll down this page to the membership info area and send us an email request!





filmmakers - for info on how to submit a film to one of our year-round programs, please visit the "filmmaker info" section of the site.             



















 
to view the program schedule for last year's 54th annual usa film festival spring festival (april 2024) - click here 
















special thanks to our usaff54 short film jurors















 




 to view a list of past years winning short films click here




 



free movies! join the festival!
free preview screenings for members every month!
membership has its privileges! join us!
a partial list of recent member preview screenings included below.
monthly preview screenings are free to festival members.

email us and request membership information at: 

this e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need javascript enabled to view it
 


recent & upcoming member screenings include:


2025
february -- paddington in peru
february -- heart eyes
january -- unstoppable
january -- you're cordially invited
january -- 41st annual kidfilm® family festival (all free admission!)


2024



december -- a complete unknown
december -- september 5
november -- red one
november -- cobra kai with ralph macchio and william zabka in attendance
november -- a real pain
november -- gladiator ii
november -- better man
november -- "fostering innovation in ocean technology" panel discussion with beckett colson and jeff kaeli; presented by woods hole oceanographic institution
november -- the brutalist
october -- memoir of a snail
october -- conclave
october -- saturday night
october -- piece by piece
september -- the critic
september -- the last of sheila (1973) with author alonso duralde in attendance
september -- transformers one (family screening)
august -- sing sing with writer clint bentley in attendance
august -- my old ass
july -- beverly hills cop: axel f
july -- touch
july -- widow clicquot
july -- harold and the purple crayon
july -- tokyo cowboy with asian film festival dallas
july -- seadrift with director tim tsai
june -- fly me to the moon
june -- space cadet (virtual)
june -- a quiet place: day one
june -- naked ambition: bunny yeager with filmmakers in attendance, oak cliff film festival
june -- thelma
june -- daddio
june -- ultraman: rising
june -- bad boys: ride or die
june -- late bloomers
june -- the watchers
may -- the blue angels
may -- back to black
may -- garfield
may -- dora series preview
may -- for love & life: no ordinary campaign
april -- the idea of you
april -- 54th annual usa film festival
march -- wicked little letters
march -- problemista
march -- arthur the king
february -- dune: part two
february -- ricky stanicky
february -- upgraded (virtual)
january -- the book of clarence
january -- orion and the dark
january -- role play (virtual)
january -- 40th annual kidfilm® family festival (all free admission!)



2023



december -- wonka
december -- merry little batman
december -- percy jackson and the olympians (ep. 1 & 2)
december -- leo
november -- the holdovers
october -- killers of the flower moon
october -- saltburn
october -- pain hustlers
october -- "extreme weather" conversation with dr. carol anne clayson, whoi
september -- cassandro
september -- invisible beauty
september -- flora and son
september -- dumb money
september -- paw patrol for our park and recreation center kids!
august -- blue beetle with director angel manuel soto in attendance (with free concessions for everybody and gifts for the kids!)
august -- sitting in bars with cake (virtual preview)
august -- heart of stone (with free concessions!)
august -- red, white & royal blue (cake & champagne reception before the screening!)
august -- gran turismo
july -- problemista (postponed)
july -- teenage mutant ninja turtles: mutant mayhem family screening!
july -- special ops: lioness (preview of new series)
july -- the accidental getaway driver with director sing j. lee in attendance / presented with asian film festival dallas
july -- talk to me
june -- flamin' hot with director eva longoria, stars jesse garcia, annie gonzalez and film subject richard montanez in attendance
june -- mission impossible: dead reckoning part i
may -- the flash
may -- spider-man: across the spider-verse
may -- about my father
april -- book club: the next chapter
april -- citadel first 2 episodes preview with complimentary refreshments for members
53rd annual usa film festival, april 19-23, 2023 - all free admission!
march -- spinning gold with writer/director tim bogart in attendance
march -- murder mystery 2
march -- air with reception for members
march -- inside
february -- operation fortune: ruse de guerre
february -- luther: the fallen sun
february -- of an age
january -- 80 for brady
january -- women talking
january -- corsage
january -- the old way with director brett donowho in attendance
january -- shotgun wedding
january -- missing




website content -- our website contains historical and basic information about the organization and programs.





filmmakers can locate information on how to submit works.
film fans can locate information on how to join the festival and attend our programs.
sponsors can locate information on how to support our outreach programs and public events.  


a note regarding how your donation funds are spent:  we do not oversupply time and money to website graphics, etc.  instead, those resources are spent supporting filmmakers by bringing films and filmmakers together with our audiences to present multicultural programs every month, throughout the year. 




recent photos from monthly events and program information can also be found at our facebook page www.facebook.com/usafilmfestival


  photos on this site have been provided by photographers and friends lisa stewart, kristina bowman, tres smith, joe laird, j. alan hansley, andy hanson, wyatt yates, sandy marak, luer nguyen, rebecca hudson, knowshi.com, julio cedillo, chet morrison, andrew epps, kent kirkley, stephanie hastings and the smu archives.

special thanks to chris stein for the use of his 1975 "selfie" of early blondie.  the image also appears in chris' great book of photographs "negative: me, blondie, and the advent of punk," published in 2014.  our thanks to archivist barry kramer.  that is gary valentine sporting an early usaff t-shirt.

artwork on the site has been provided by joe rocco, buddy hickerson and other wonderful artists and friends.















major funding





















the usa film festival is supported in part by the city of dallas office of arts & culture.
the usa film festival is supported in part by an award from the texas commission on the arts and the national endowment for the arts.

to find out more about how national endowment for the arts grants impact individuals and communities, visit www.arts.gov




special thanks to our season sponsors




























































 




			 
			

 
			



			 
			

 
			

 
 
 







all of our programs are held in fully-accessible facilities.

to view information about the usaff's policies (including cultural diversity, affirmative action operations, accessibility and safe workplace), please click here.


 




 





site created and hosted by omni portals group a  member of the dallas website design group | admin

