








emblemagic classic car emblems and badges - antique cloisonne badges and 
plastic insert emblems our two specialties


































welcome






home
contact us
contents



















home
info
enameled
plastic
other
about us




importance of emblems
emblem collecting part i
emblem collecting part ii
customer cars
free catalog
emblem care



enameled emblems
restorations
scheduling for enamel emblems
our process
faqs
in the shop
emblems wanted



plastic emblems
restorations
scheduling for plastic emblems
faqs
in the shop
short production runs



news
feedback
contents
our blog
guarantee
terms
privacy



metal-plastic emblems
unclassified types
non-auto metal







 









 


 

departments





home
products
services
news
feedback
contact us
contents
privacy
links





customer cars



mr. d. upton's '37 dodge. enameled emblem restoration 
		by emblemagic.




mr. j. irwin's '52 studebaker. plastic insert emblem 
		restoration by emblemagic.
hemmings articles
 emblem collecting part i
emblem collecting part ii


		 



 



 

big news: we're under new ownership
emblemagic is under new ownership and back in production! new owner pati fairchild has a 25+ 
		year background in classic car restoration, customization and painting including plastic casting, 
		so for the first half of 2021 we will be focused on replenishing plastic emblem stock
		and creating new plastic emblems and parts including... lenses! the second half of 2021 will see the return of 
		enamel restoration services.
our phone number and email address have not changed, but please note the  new shipping address below before sending emblems or parts:
ship to: emblemagic  1961 obispo avenue  signal hill, ca 90755 usa

emblems you never thought you'd find!
are you looking for those hard to find car emblems?   we specialize in two 
types of emblems. they include the enamel or 
cloisonnã© emblem, which is made of glass and copper and is commonly found on 
the pre-war car, as well as the clear top
		plastic insert emblem,  which is found on many post-war vehicles.   emblems 
are the sole focus of our  business.   in fact we can help with any emblem that 
conforms to our
two specialties. if we don't have that emblem you need, chances are we can 
restore your original.  our emblem
services are unsurpassed.  we are the first choice for both the professional 
and hobbyist restorer.  if you are looking for a truck, boat, airplane or 
motorcycle emblem, our service may be able to help you too!   our many years of 
experience, and highly specialized know-how has enabled our name, as well as our 
emblems, to become  "your emblem of distinction."  
what our customers say..


	i received the emblem on monday and it looks great. i now have the emblem 
	on the truck and its even looks better (see 
	here) you did a good job on the restoration. thanks  d. gurn,  
	thompsonville, mi
	
just received 56 dodge trunk emblem. i'm very, no, extremely pleased.   
	it's a pleasure to have a company deliver a product on schedule as original 
	quoted.  and the quality is superb. truly a professional operation. thanks   
	t. ehrhart, annville, pa  
[c56mp46]  i have two sets of these emblems already (for two other '56 
	imperial restoration projects) they are beautiful! now i need another set of 
	two more for my newest project.  j. yinger, brea, ca  
i ordered a 1965 plymouth grille emblem from you a few years back and 
	was (and still am) amazed at the quality of the piece.  i am interested in 
	possibly ordering another one from you, this time the black and silver 
	version. c. baron, winnipeg  
"thanks for the work performed on the radiator badge for my 1922 haynes 
	model 55 sport touring v-12 i am restoring. it is stunning, thanks 
	again...jim"  middleburgh, ny 
"i just had to drop you a note to express my thanks for the unbelievable 
	quality of work you performed on the front emblem for my daughters 1963 
	austin healey mkii bj7...your service provided the ultimate finishing touch 
	for the restoration, many, many thanks."  mr. d. peterson, arlington, va.  
"i thought you might be interested in
	seeing the car that the 
	beautiful dodge brothers emblems that you restored ... are on.  ...again, 
	many thanks for the exceptional job you did on restoring them.  i have 
	already received numerous compliments on the badges and have yet to put the 
	car in a show!" mr. d. upton, las vegas, nv 
"enclosed is the latest copy of mopar muscle magazine.  it features the 
	1959 chrysler imperial we restored in our shop. see pages 58-60 [december 
	2003].  we thought you would be interested since you helped make this a 
	winner.  thanks so much for your assistance." mr. l. & j brekke, 
	lloyd's auto restorations in bartow, fl.  
"both the hispano-suiza and the packard emblems arrived safely, they are 
	absolutely beautiful, the owners are very pleased. look forward to doing 
	business with you in the future."   anderson restorations in kenawha, 
	ia. 
"thank you again for the wonderful reproduction 'fender brow medalion' 
	i purchased for my 1960 imperial le baron.  it's stunning!"  mr. j. byers, 
	washington d.c.  
"i just received my restored 1934 dodge brothers emblem and i must say 
	it is perfect! i can't say how pleased i really am."  mr. d. delfino; 
	bristol, ct.   

 

what kind of emblem do 
	i have 
	

get an 
	explanation of emblems so you know whether 
	or not emblemagic can help!  there are many different types of 
	emblems.  for help in identifying what type of emblem  you 
	have or need, click on the link or question mark above.





advanced search: new 
				and improved!  


search for:



search tips
sitemap






























 







home | 
products | 
services | 
news | 
feedback | 
contact us | 
contents | 
privacy |
links |









copyright â© . the emblemagic co  all rights reserved. 








		 







