



	
	office of research facilities

























































































you may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. please enable scripts and reload this page.




			turn on more accessible mode



			turn off more accessible mode



			skip ribbon commands



			skip to main content



			turn off animations



			turn on animations



























u.s. department of health & human services






skip to content





it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.












 

orf home  
phone directory  
about orf  
maintenance requests  
construction requests  
chemical waste service requests  
for nih staff only  
discharge approval requests  
contact us
























orf homecurrently selected
about orf
who we arequienes somosorganizationphone directoryreal property portfolionews featuresbuilding and facility managers
wilson building

planning & space management
how big is a square footnew and planned facilitiesnih censusnih master planningspace policies and guidelines national institutes of health bethesda campus 2022 site mapnih drinking water program changes
property management
custodial servicesfacility managementmaintenance requestsoperations and maintenanceservices contacts
acquisitions
a/e & construction contractingreal estate specialists
technical resources
bioenvironmental studiesdesign requirements manual (drm)news to usenih sustainable data center design guidetechnical bulletinstrainingwho we are
environmental protection
environmental management systemgreen purchasingmercury-free campaignnepa review
national environmental policy act - index page
waste disposalan interim risk reduction strategy based on chemical listings and use-specific purchasing controls backgroundcriteria for listing substances of concerndevelopment of substance of concern listings and controlsimplementation challenges nih substances of concern reduction initiativeregulatory framework and authorities
construction
orf signature projectsdesign & constructionfundingrenovationscontractor on-boarding and helpful “get started” documents
employment
employment at orfsummer internshipspathways for students and recent graduates to federal careers
project resources
project tools
site map





























about orf
who we arequienes somosorganizationphone directoryreal property portfolionews featuresbuilding and facility managers
planning & space management
how big is a square footnew and planned facilitiesnih censusnih master planningspace policies and guidelines national institutes of health bethesda campus 2022 site mapnih drinking water program changes
property management
custodial servicesfacility managementmaintenance requestsoperations and maintenanceservices contacts
acquisitions
a/e & construction contractingreal estate specialists
technical resources
bioenvironmental studiesdesign requirements manual (drm)news to usenih sustainable data center design guidetechnical bulletinstrainingwho we are
environmental protection
environmental management systemgreen purchasingmercury-free campaignnepa reviewwaste disposalan interim risk reduction strategy based on chemical listings and use-specific purchasing controls backgroundcriteria for listing substances of concerndevelopment of substance of concern listings and controlsimplementation challenges nih substances of concern reduction initiativeregulatory framework and authorities
construction
orf signature projectsdesign & constructionfundingrenovationscontractor on-boarding and helpful “get started” documents
employment
employment at orfsummer internshipspathways for students and recent graduates to federal careers
project resources
project tools
site map














covid-19


get the latest public health information from cdc




get the latest research information from nih |
 español




nih staff guidance on coronavirus (nih only)







office of research facilities


page content​​​​​​​contact us


 
            ​servicesservicesquick links
about orfsupporting nih priorities with a comprehensive facilities program                                      
acquisitionsarchitecture, engineering, and construction contracting; real property purchase and lease activities. 
constructionconstructing and renovating nih space
environmental protectionprotecting human health and the nih environment 
planning & space managementplanning for future development of nih 
division of technical resourcessetting worldwide standards for biomedical facilities
project resourcesproject-related materials developed by ics for sharing. 
property managementmaintaining and operating nih space nationwide 

quick linksadministration

issue escalation process




organization





office of acquisitions (oa-orf)







contact us  facilities


 

buildings and facility managers ​



requests for space



submit maintenance request  
                                 



when online maintenance request site is unavailable


national institutes of health bethesda campus 2022 site map​


nih bethesda, rtp and mrl master plans technical resources                 


facilities policies & guidelines


facilities development manual 






hhs facilities program manuals​

the 2024 nih design requirements manual (drm) establishes policy, design requirements, standards and technical criteria for use in planning, programming, and designing nih owned, leased, operated, and funded buildings and facilities. the drm is the only detailed design requirements and guidance manual of its kind. the information compiled within the 2024 drm is the result of technical studies that have set numerous national and international standards, lessons learned and ever-advancing architectural and engineering technologies used in the design and construction of nih facilities. the division of technical resources (dtr) is responsible for maintaining and updating the drm.in order to ensure the most current, relevant, and comprehensive manual, dtr continuously researches and tests state-of-the-art and innovative technologies. dtr has gathered data from these studies as well as from numerous years of specialized experience and an accumulation of lessons-learned. this has led to data-driven decision making and best practices for the design and construction of nih’s facilities. the results of these studies are incorporated into the 2024 drm and new information will be added as it becomes available
the desk guide is available to make the drm more accessible and easier to use.drm "news to use" issues  raise technical awareness regarding state-of-the-art innovation and the importance of attention to detail in designing highly complex biomedical facilities. the concise one page monthly articles condense important technical criteria in the design requirements manual (drm) and place emphasis on flexible design, safety and health of the occupants, security, and protection of the environment. each article guides the reader to the appropriate section of the drm for additional topic detail.
 
​the printed 2022 nih waste disposal guide ​ 
 
                            


nih mercury-free campaign training                          ​ 





technical training


the division of technical resources (dtr), office of research facilities (orf) is an international association for continuing education & training (iacet) accredited provider.​                                 



 
division of technical resources (dtr) is accredited by the international association for continuing education and training (iacet).  (dtr) complies with the ansi/iacet standard, which is recognized internationally as a standard of excellence in instructional practices. as a result of this accreditation, (dtr) is authorized to issue the iacet ceu.



news features
news features
nih launches virtual tour  the national institutes of health is excited to share the new 
nih virtual tour in english and spanish​! this dynamic, interactive tour showcases the depth and breadth of nih's important work turning discovery into health. the tour features 20 in-depth virtual tour stops on the nih bethesda campus. visitors can select the full tour to experience the breadth of nih's work or choose special tour tracks, one designed specifically for patients and caregivers interested in nih clinical trials and one designed for researchers and others to explore opportunities to work, collaborate, or train with us. each stop features interviews with nih senior leaders, administrators, and scientists who share information about their work. additionally, the tour's 
interactive map allows users to learn more about buildings, services and campus-wide amenities like parking, shuttle information, cafeterias and cafes, restrooms, lactation rooms, and more. all aspects of the tour are fully accessible for all visitors. through the nih virtual tour, visitors from all over the world can experience nih and learn more about who we are, what we do, and our impact on health. please see for yourself and take the 
nih virtual tour.  ​
       


pathways for students & recent graduates to federal careers 
​awards and recognition  

2022-2026 hhs strategic sustainability performance plan​ includes 
                                 annual climate adaptation plans and reports, annual sustainability plans and omb federal sustainability scorecards 
​ 
 

traffic.nih.gov 
- roadwork/traffic improvement projects at or near nih, base realignment and closure (brac), map your route to & from work, commuting resources, construction news updates, upcoming projects, state and county road improvements.
 

for a building emergency, 24/7 call 301-435-8000 for 
 
all other requests follow procedures on 

maintenance service requests webpage 
download the adobe acrobat reader plug-in.



every effort has been made to ensure that the information available on our website is accessible to all. if you use special adaptive equipment to access the web and encounter problems when using our site, please let us know. email: orf response and we will provide the information to you in an alternate format. it would be helpful if you can be as specific as possible when describing the information you seek.  ​​​ ​​​​​​​​​​ 
 


 

this page was last updated on nov 01, 2024

to top
























home | 
						            phone directory | 
						            maintenance requests | 
						            about orf | 
						            disclaimer | 
						            privacy | 
						            foia | 
						            accessibility | 
						            contact us | 
						            site map | 
						            viewers and players | 
						            hhs vulnerability disclosure

usa.gov-government made easy | 
						            department of health and human services | 
						            national institutes of health | 
						            office of management | 
						            office of research facilities
 
nih...turning discovery into health®


















