













 












aruba romantic resort & hotel - bucuti & tara beach resort






  
































































 



 

 



resort


about


property map


eco friendly - net zero


advanced check in


reservations


activities


our team


location




rooms


standard room


superior room


deluxe room


junior suite


bungalow suite


tara suite


penthouse




dining


elements restaurant


romantic dinner


meal plan


sandbar






wellness


wellness program


wellness packages


curated wellness experiences


spa


gallery


blog




romance


romance at bucuti


romantic dining


curated romantic experiences for you


romance concierge itinerary planning




gallery


photos


videos


live webcams


virtual tours


aruba's birds


turtle nesting


wallpaper




news


blog


#dearbucuti


awards & accolades


whats new


articles




book now









 

 






 










 






 




80.33 °f





















 








 


 





welcome to bucuti & tara beach resort
 


the caribbean’s #1 resort for romance invites you to indulge and unwind. created with you in mind, this adults-only oasis is nestled on stunning and award winning eagle beach, one of the 'dream beaches of the world'. our breathtaking location, tranquil setting and outstanding personalized service draw couples to relax and celebrate their love for one another. our passion for creating your perfect romantic vacation will keep you coming back.

45 suites and 59 guestrooms, eco-friendly, 4-diamond resortworld-class, romantic diningguaranteed best rates include full breakfast and wifipersonal concierge service to fulfill your vacation wishesaward-winning hospitality from famed hotelier and eco-pioneer ewald biemanscertified carbon neutralare you ready to relax and reconnect? make your reservation today and experience peace, love & happiness. naturally.


read more


what we are not











rooms
 











tara suite
 
gaze at the sparkling blue ocean as the waves lap against the bright white beach, from your stylish suite with a king-sized bed and a separate, elegantly decorated living area.
accommodations


 








standard room
 
cuddle up in luxurious bedding in a room with elegant furnishings and a refined feel. each spacious room, with garden views which also face the neighbor resort, features one king-size bed or a split king bed which can be separated to two xl twins (upon request, we have a very limited quantity of these rooms) and eco-friendly features including an air dehumidifier and air purifier.
accommodations


 








superior room
 
elegantly designed rooms with a refined feel.  each spacious room, with a view of the garden courtyard offers a balcony or terrace and features one king-size bed or a split king which can be separated into two xl twin beds (upon request, we have a very limited quantity of these rooms). eco-friendly features including an air dehumidifier and air purifier. balcony or terrace. for two people, maximum. 350 sq ft. - 32.5 sq mtr.
accommodations


 








deluxe room
 
wake up to a breathtaking view overlooking award-winning eagle beach and the sparkling blue ocean. spend a romantic evening on the large balcony or terrace watching the orange and red sunset over the ocean.
accommodations


 








junior suite
 
the perfect spot to watch the sun set over the ocean! located on the second and third floors of the bucuti wing, the two spacious junior suites overlook eagle beach, one of the caribbean’s best beaches, and published as the “dream beach of the world”.  
accommodations


 








bungalow suite
 
imagine stepping out onto your wrap-around terrace and sunning yourself on a plush daybed or enjoy dining al fresco under the stars. 
accommodations


 








penthouse
 
for the ultimate romantic getaway, the tara penthouse suites are our most exclusive guest rooms. situated on the rooftop of the tara wing, the four penthouse suites offer spectacular panoramic views of award winning eagle beach and the radiant turquoise sea. each has a large, private terrace which features a daybed for two and lounge furnishings.
accommodations


 







sustainability
 





eco friendly resort
shoco - aruba's burrowing owls







 


carbon neutral resort
abundant flora & fauna







 


vader piet windfarm
bucuti & tara supported wind energy







 








romance
 









enjoy laidback luxury at aruba’s top boutique resort


 


dining
 









private romantic dining in a spectacular oceanfront setting.


 


wellness
 









adults-only, tranquil ambiance for relaxation.


 







photos & videos
 































































































































 






never miss a moment
 








 







 





 







 





 







 







live webcams
 















live bucuti cam














live tara cam
 








hot off the press
 









5 viisonary hoteliers and how they changed the world of hospitality
it's often small ideas that make a big difference - and they make the difference between good and outstanding hoteliers. visionary hoteliers not only move, they revolutionize.  - claudia himbauer, falstaff media
read more

 




blog articles
 









latest update
at bucuti & tara beach resort, sustainability is central to our identity. this year, we proudly celebrate 25 years of green globe certification. as a pioneering member, we've helped shape sustainable hospitality under the leadership of ewald biemans.
read more

 









eco friendly
carbon neutralⓡ | leed gold | green globe | travelife gold







                bucuti & tara beach resort
                aruba adult-only beach resort
            

                l.g. smith boulevard #55b
                eagle beach aruba, dutch caribbean
            
click for directions






 info@bucuti.com






 travel professionals




 





helpful links
 





 

 


 faq


 contact us


 terms & conditions


 privacy policy


 - usa


 - eu & canada




 careers


 press / media kit


 eco friendly


 travel professionals


 online shop





gifts & groceries
 



send a gift





buy groceries







signature collection





 





















follow us
 


















 




© copyright 2025, bucuti & tara beach resort



















 












