



	home page





























soa information

faq
location / hours
contact us
forms
brochures
state property class codes
equalization factors
publication schedule
developer relief & subdivision common area
farmland/forestry & conservation easement
model homes, townhomes, & condos
open space land valuation
real estate transfer declarations



property search

pin
address
sales
subdivision
owner name
property class
search portal



map search

parcel maps
search by pin
browse by township



exemptions

exemption info
exemption events
tax exempt property



townships

assessor info
find your township
township locator map
township locator table



board of review

general information
bor duties
il property tax appeal board
scheduled hearings
assessment appeals process
bor final decisions
prior years bor final decisions
















welcome to the will county supervisor of assessments 
office!
we are your official source for property assessments and exemption information. our knowledgeable staff takes pride in our 
ability to offer you the most accurate and up-to-date statutory guidelines with all of your assessment, exemption, appeal and 
any other property tax information and concerns. 



2024 board of review - final decisions


the 2024 board of review final decision notices were mailed out and dated january 24, 2025.


~ click here to view the 2024 board of review final decisions ~




the ptab filing deadline is february 23, 2025.
for more information or for further questions regarding filing a ptab appeal, please see the official ptab website at: 
http://www.ptab.illinois.gov/




exemption renewals


information regarding 2025 exemption applications will be available this spring.


please call our office with any specific questions regarding exemptions!


will county soa office: 815-740-4648





turning 65 this year? 


do you own and occupy your home in will county as your primary residence? you may be eligible for the senior citizen’s homestead exemption! 
please download an application and mail it to our office at:


will county supervisor of assessments office
302 n. chicago street
joliet, il 60432



- or -  call the soa office at (815) 740-4648 for more information.





tax bill reminder
questions regarding your property tax bill?

please contact the will county treasurer!

website: https://willcounty.gov/county-offices/finance-and-revenue/treasurer-office


phone: (815) 740-4675




the will county supervisor of assessments office governs every aspect of the assessment process, acting as a central resource 
for its county's residents.  we believe that our primary responsibility is to the taxpayers, and we are committed to ensure that all 
county residents receive fair and equitable assessments.  we are also dedicated to making sure that eligible taxpayers are receiving 
the beneficial exemptions they are entitled to; all with the utmost courteous and respectful service. the supervisor of assessments 
office is also committed to promoting taxpayers education and involvement in the assessment process through open discussion forums, 
informational meetings, and community outreach endeavors. the valuations for 2024 are for the assessment year of 2024, 
payable in 2025. this means that the assessment you are looking at is for this year's upcoming tax bill. the tax rates for this year have not 
been established yet. the supervisor of assessments does not establish tax rates (tax rates are 
established by local taxing bodies). however, you can search our website for the most current assessments using our 
property search portal, 
where you can conduct property searches by pin, property address, and more.

for an explanation on tax rates, please visit the will county clerk's office.

for any additional tax bill questions visit the will county treasurer's office.

for additional will county departments, click here.


follow the will county supervisor 
of assessments office on your favorite social media platforms!


















facebook


x


instagram


linked in







		designed and maintained by 
visual pamspro™





