






brooklynparrots.com - about those wild monk parakeets of kings county, ny


















































			skip to content		



brooklynparrots.com
about those wild monk parakeets of kings county, ny

menu


home
the wild brooklyn parrot faq
about
contact
 




 







pigeons and model rrs: operations with lionel 450 signal bridge 




artemis the intrepid rescue pigeon appears to greatly enjoy the new lionel 450 signal bridge i’ve recently installed on the layout. 
remember, folks, when operating the signal bridge and other lionel accessories  with a pigeon present on the layout, it’s important to follow proper safety and operational guidelines. monitor the pigeon closely to prevent it from damaging wires or delicate components, and gently encourage it to leave using soft tools or treats if needed. after the pigeon has left, inspect the layout and signal bridge for any signs of damage or debris, clean and sanitize the area, and check for any loose parts that could interfere with future operations. these steps help ensure the safety of both the pigeon and your equipment.


author  parrot observerposted on november 23, 2024november 23, 2024categories birds and model railroads, nyc pigeons 



what does donald trump really think about birds? 

 

now that the election is behind us and president-elect donald trump is poised to return to the white house, it’s time to ask a question that some bird folks have been ruminating on for some time, namely, what does he really think about birds? does he like them (not everybody does)? has he taken any steps to help them? or are birds not even on his radar?
let’s look at some evidence:
exhibit a: that time he tussled with a bald eaglemuch has been made of the time that donald trump had what looked like a comically unfavorable encounter with a bald eagle in trump tower. critics derided the fact that the eagle appeared to take umbrage when trump reached behind the bird to move a vial of aspirin away from view of the cameras. while this encounter might not have been wholly pleasant, it’s clear to me that most politicians would probably never have braved such proximity to such an imposing bird – even for a few seconds. this close and somewhat perilous encounter suggests, at least to me, that trump is certainly not bird-phobic.
exhibit b: all that stuff about “bird cemeteries” around wind power installations“why is it ok for these windmills to destroy the bird population?” trump famously asked in 2020 and throughout the 2024 presidential campaign. it’s a fair question to ask, because, according to the american bird conservatory, about 366,000 birds were killed by wind turbines in the u.s. in 2012. today, that figure is likely much higher. this is not to say that trump’s dig at wind power is exclusively motivated by concerns about avians. it does, however, suggest that he at least has some appreciation for the harm that is caused to birds by wind power.
exhibit c: his appointment of lee zeldin to head up the epaconservations have criticized trump’s recently announced appointment of congressman lee zeldin to head up the environmental protection agency. while some of this criticism may have merit, it should be known that in 2019, zeldin co-sponsored a bi-partisan bill to reduce the number of collisions between birds and high-rise structures owned and maintained by the federal government. this bill has not yet become law, but the fact that zeldin was active on this issue is encouraging (up to a billion birds are killed each year in such collisions).
exhibit d: trump toweri don’t know for a fact that no bird has ever been killed in a collision with trump tower, but i’d imagine that avian casualties are relatively low, at least when compared to other glass-walled skyscrapers in manhattan. why? the windows of trump tower are heavily tinted, so no birds are likely to be fooled into believing that they can fly through the structure. whether the decision to create a bird-safe structure was a conscious decision or just a lucky accident is unknown, but, again, the fact that trump tower appears to be a fairly bird-safe structure must be viewed as encouraging.
exhibit e: that “bird brain” epithet for nikki haleyback in 2023, trump famously called republican primary contender nikki haley a “bird brain.” his campaign later delivered a bird cage and bird food to her hotel room to deepen the insult. haley, of course, subsequently made up with trump and supported him in 2024. one can only hope that this epithet simply reflects the rough-and-tumble of a grueling political campaign, not trump’s actual views on avian intelligence.
trump: pro or anti-bird?i think you’ll agree that the evidence listed above is hardly conclusive. while it suggests that trump isn’t exactly anti-bird, and may in fact be selectively pro-bird, it doesn’t outweigh steps taken in his first administration to weaken the migratory bird treaty act of 1918, an action that most experts agree would have been very bad for wild birds in this country if had not been reversed by the biden administration.
it’s too early to say whether the next trump administration will help or harm the birds of america. so far, the picture doesn’t look great. the fact that elon musk, who took actions to rebrand twitter as x, after grousing that “all those damn birds have to go,” is being given a position of power and influence, is more than a bit alarming.  more ominous are project 2025’s stated plans to further weaken environmental regulations that have been on the books for 50 years or more.
at the same time, however, it seems to me that trump’s actual record on environmental issues isn’t as cut and dried as many critics seem to believe. in 2019 and 2020, he signed the great american outdoors act and the john d. dingell jr. conservation, management and recreation act, which expanded public lands and the avian wildlife living within them. a number of other pro-environmental actions taken in his first administration are listed at trumpwhitehouse.archives.gov.
so what does president-elect donald trump really think about birds? as trump himself is wont to say, “we shall see.”
editor’s note: 1/23/2025: a reader suggests that my characterization of elon musk was unfair, especially with regard to his having rescued a chicken from a petting zoo in 2013. according to this reader, the chicken’s name is “boca chica.”



author  parrot observerposted on november 13, 2024january 24, 2025categories nyc pigeons, wild parrots in brooklyn 



birds and model railroads (nighttime operations) 




when engaged in nighttime operation of an o-gauge model railroad with a pigeon present, special steps need to be taken to ensure safety. reduce noise and vibrations by operating trains at low speeds and moderate sound levels. provide a safe perch or resting area away from the track, and ensure the layout is free of loose wires or small parts. avoid flashing lights or sudden train movements, as these can disorient or stress the pigeon. keep emergency lighting nearby in case of unexpected lighting changes, and supervise the bird’s interactions with the layout to ensure its comfort. these precautions support a safe, stimulating nighttime experience for both the pigeon and the model railroad operator.


author  parrot observerposted on november 6, 2024november 6, 2024categories birds and model railroads, nyc pigeons 



peanut’s story is not so unusual 

everyone’s upset about peanut the squirrel. they should be.
the truth is that sometimes it’s necessary for animal control authorities to intervene and separate a dangerous species from a human owner. but peanut presented no actual threat to public health.  
sadly, this kind of thing isn’t unusual. the quaker parrot finds itself on many “dangerous species” lists and can be euthanized on the spot in some states (including pennsylvania). people still keep quakers as pets in pa (but never mention this fact on social media for obvious reasons).  
let’s hope that peanut’s death forces us to rethink the procedures used when a prohibited animal is seized. there was clearly no need for immediate euthanasia in this case.



author  parrot observerposted on november 2, 2024november 2, 2024categories uncategorized 



pigeons get some respect from cbs sunday morning 

nyc’s noble pigeons get some long overdue positive pr from cbs sunday morning — it’s about time! this very nice video feature includes an interview with the sculptor of the giant pigeon that’s now on the high line and an inside view of the wild bird fund.





author  parrot observerposted on october 25, 2024october 25, 2024categories nyc pigeons 



up close and personal with the monk parakeets of israel 




one of the challenging things about attempting to video the activities of wild parrots is getting close enough to really capture their personalities. a gentleman named mark, who’s affiliated with avibirds.com, brought to my attention a video he recorded a few years back in israel that captures, in wonderful close-up, many endearing qualities of the monk parakeet, which include sociability, dexterity, charismatic cuteness (the bird is, after all, scientifically placed in the “charismatic megafauna” column), along with some of its astoundingly strident vocalizations.
avibirds.com is a wonderful site, by the way, run by enthusiasts whose goal is to make birdwatching more accessible. check it out. a lively youtube channel with cool bird content can be found at: https://www.youtube.com/@avibirds1551




author  parrot observerposted on october 16, 2024october 16, 2024categories wild parrots outside of brooklyn 



birds and model railroads (part 1) 

i continue to be intrigued by how much artemis, the rescue pigeon, seems to enjoy interacting with my small model railroad layout. perhaps it’s because this bird grew up under brooklyn’s shore parkway and is used to seeing fast-moving vehicles (unfortunately, a fast-moving vehicle is the source of the pigeon’s injuries, from which thankfully he has recovered).
i’ve lately been documenting artemis’ interactions and have started putting together a series of videos chronicling my findings. my friend juliet hanlon was kind enough to supply the voice-over narration. 
here is the first installment of what i hope will be a series:






author  parrot observerposted on october 15, 2024october 15, 2024categories birds and model railroads, nyc pigeons 



parrots seem to be fine at green-wood cemetery 

 

although i don’t get out to see the wild parrots of brooklyn as often as i’d like to these days, i did get out last sunday to spend some time with them. my belief is that there are about 30-40 parrots residing there, and i was able to count 25 (i’m sure i missed some because they were zipping around with some pairs apparently headed for park slope to feed on apple trees). 
i continue to be amazed by the parrots’ endurance at green-wood, especially given the existence of several pairs of magnificent red-tailed hawks that periodically take to the skies. i’d like to imagine that some kind of truce — or at least a “detente,” has been worked out between these two species; i know it’s a fanciful idea but i’m otherwise at a loss to explain why the hawks never seem to bother the parrots.
green-wood cemetery continues to be the very best place to view the parrots in new york city: i encourage everyone interested to get out there, especially now that the weather in the northeast is favorable and the foliage is so beautiful.




author  parrot observerposted on october 15, 2024october 15, 2024categories wild parrots in brooklyn 



artemis and the crew inspection car 

much of recent bird time is now spent with rescue pigeon artemis, rehabilitated from coney island after being injured by a truck. here artemis appears intrigued by the passage of a 1:48 lionel inspection car (6-18430, built 1996).





author  parrot observerposted on september 19, 2024october 15, 2024categories birds and model railroads, nyc pigeons 



stuttgart parrots! 




amazing report from terra mater on the 50 or so yellow-headed amazon parrots residing in the city of stuttgart, germany. this bird is among the most endangered species of parrot; its survival in the urban environment gives conservationists hope. 



author  parrot observerposted on september 3, 2024september 19, 2024categories wild parrots outside of brooklyn 


posts navigation
page 1
page 2
page 3
next page




find us to reach the brooklyn parrot society
stephencarlbaldwin (…at…) gmail.com

search



			search for:		



		search	

about this site brooklynparrots.com has info on the wild monk parakeets (aka quaker parrots) of brooklyn.

popular postsartemis the surfin’ birdbirding action at green-wood: red tailed hawks, parrots, and anti-starling propagandawhat does donald trump really think about birds?pigeons and model rrs: operations with lionel 450 signal bridgepigeons get some respect from cbs sunday morning







friends of brooklynparrots.com
discovering.nyc
new york tails
palomacy pigeon & dove adoptions
juliethanlon.com 



home
the wild brooklyn parrot faq
about
contact
 

brooklynparrots.com

					proudly powered by wordpress				











