sentara health plansyou need to enable javascript to run this app.sentara health plansmembersprovidersemployersbrokerssearchcontact usenglishenglishspanishsign in / registercontact usmain navigation is closedclose main navigationback to the main navigation levelshop for insuranceindividual & family plansemployer plansmedicare plansmedicaid plansemployee assistance planback to the main navigation levellearn about health insuranceback to the main navigation levelfind doctors, drugs and facilitiessentara health plansmembersprovidersemployersbrokerswith us, you're more than a numberpersonal is part of the plan.individual & family planshealth insurance plans for individuals and familiesemployer planshealth insurance plans for businesses to offer their employeesmedicare plansplans for 65 and oldermedicaid planscoverage for people with low incomes and disabilitieswe offer our members moreget care from homewe offer access to healthcare 24/7.speak with board-certified doctors at any time, from anywhere — by video conference or phone.virtual care optionsmember discountsget discounts on healthy products and services.save on massage therapy, eye exams, eyewear, hearing aids, and more.discount programsfree health and wellness programsget healthy and stay healthy with mylife myplan.our revolutionary programs can help you exceed your health improvement goals.mylife myplanwelcome membersthank you for choosing sentara health plans. we'd like to welcome you with information to help you start using your new health plan.get startedsentara employee assistance program (eap)sentara eap strengthens organizations by supporting employees.learn about sentara eapget the sentara health plans mobile appsafely and securely access important health information when you need it — home, at the doctor, and even on the road. schedule virtual care appointments, get id cards, check your claims, and more.get the appsave money by calculating treatment coststhe sentara health plans treatment cost calculator gives you more control over your healthcare dollars. save by shopping and comparing out-of-pocket expenses for common medical procedures and services. get more informationquestions about health insurance?we have answers. discover helpful videos, find explanations of acronyms, and get answers to common questions.
health insurance 101
join the sentara health plans teamwe're hiring talented people. we have a wide variety of exciting opportunities for you to make an impact with sentara health plans.
view careersabout sentara health plansshop for insurancequality and accreditationmembersemployersprovidersbrokersfind doctors, drugs and facilitiesterms of uselanguage assistancenotice of nondiscriminationprivacy policies and disclosuresmachine readable datasentarasign inregistercontact usnews centerget the appcareersget adobe readerfollow us:follow us:© sentara health plans 2025, po box 66189, virginia beach, virginia 23466sentara health plans is the trade name for sentara health plans, sentara health insurance company, sentara health administration, inc., and sentara behavioral health services, inc. health maintenance organization (hmo) products, and point-of-service (pos) products are issued and underwritten by sentara health plans. preferred provider organization (ppo) products are issued and underwritten by sentara health insurance company. sentara health administration, inc. provides administrative services to group and individual health plans but does not underwrite benefits. all plans have benefit exclusions and limitations and terms under which the policy may be continued in force or discontinued. medicare products are administered under an agreement with sentara health plans and the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms). medicaid and famis products are administered under an agreement with sentara health plans and the virginia department of medical assistance services (dmas).