




 




camden military academy


















































































now accepting applications for the 2025-2026 school year!  learn more and apply today!






menu
            




about
admissions

overview
mid-year transfer
open house
apply now
visit camden
virtual tour
tuition
tuition assistance
international students
fast facts
summer programs


cadet life

cadet life overview
academics
clubs
furloughs & leaves
military


athletics

athletics overview
athletics calendar


calendar

school year calendar
open house calendar (admissions)
athletics calendar


alumni

give to cma


media

blog
live stream events
podcast






search for:

search

 
request info packet

















becoming the men they were meant to be

apply now				    	
				    
request info packet				    	
				    






strength & character are only the beginning.





our mission
to educate and inspire our corps of cadets so that each cadet will have an opportunity to achieve his maximum potential and gain the educational foundation to succeed in college and life as a productive, contributing citizen. we seek to imbue them with a respect for learning, to develop self-discipline, and to encourage a commitment to excellence.
our beliefs




leadership excellence
developing leaders through self-discipline, mentorship, and confidence. cadets receive intensive leadership training within a disciplined military-style education. through structured programs, cadets develop essential skills and values, preparing them for success in various professional and personal endeavors.








character development
instilling integrity, responsibility, and ethical values in each of our cadets. graduates emerge with a strong moral compass, prepared to make ethical decisions and poised to excel in their future and positively impact society.


personal growth and resilience
cultivating adaptability, resilience, and growth mindset leading to future success. within a supportive yet challenging environment, students are encouraged to push their limits, overcome obstacles, and develop a strong sense of self-reliance. through rigorous academic programs, structured leadership training, and character-building activities, cadets cultivate the resilience needed to thrive in demanding situations. 


academic rigor
fostering critical thinking, enhancing study skills in an engaging traditional learning environment. with a focus on small class sizes and personalized attention, the academy provides a challenging yet supportive learning environment. through academic rigor and dedicated faculty, camden military academy empowers students to achieve their full potential and excel academically.








upcoming events
view the full calendar


 

president’s day furloughfebruary 14, 2025all-day 

classes resumefebruary 18, 2025all-day 


lacrosse (a) heathwood hallfebruary 19, 20255:00 pm 


wrestling (a) prep nationalsfebruary 20, 2025all-day











52

dual enrollment credits





100%

college acceptance rate





7:1

student / teacher ratio





13

varsity sports 





10%

international students 





100%

boarding students





40

states represented 





80%

acceptance rate 












the cadet experience
our college preparatory academic program and military traditions will transform your son into a confident, well-rounded young man. discover an environment that fosters character development, integrity, respect and self-discipline.
more about cadet life













believe to achieve 
often students arrive at cma frustrated. they may be frustrated academically or simply feel like they are constantly being nagged by their parents about school, friends, or life choices. at camden, we strive to always build our cadets’ self-esteem, which leads to success and a renewed sense of self-worth! at cma, we teach your son to believe so he can achieve!















“my parents taught me many great things as a youngster, but i learned more about applying those traits as i grew into adulthood at cma. a big one for me was not being too absorbed with myself and my wants.the adult faculty and leadership at cma showed us that we had to take responsibility for our actions, and deal with the consequences of our decisions.”
cam walters, cma board of trustees and cma class of ’73









“i can say with full certainty that attending camden military academy permanently changed my life for the better. cma’s “whole man” initiative isn’t just a talking point; i am a more well rounded person now than before my time there. i would not be who i am today without it. the military structure and dual enrollment courses prepared me for success in university, where i have thrived while others were unprepared. i have been able to effectively schedule my days, study, succeed in all of my courses and stand out from the crowd. i am now a confident, capable, and disciplined man thanks to camden military academy. mark mcgregor class of 2022”
mark mcgregor, class of 2022









“i would like to thank my parents for giving me the opportunity to attend camden. the structure, discipline, and academic support helped me succeed and develop and i owe that to camden military academy.”

devin watley, class of 2023









“camden military was the best decision i have made for myself, it has given me educational and leadership opportunities i would not have had in the public school system. cma made me set goals and gave me the support to achieve them!”

luke tschimpke, class of 2023









“my oldest son entered camden with gpa of 1.3 in connecticut-it is almost impossible to go that low! at camden, he did great and now in college has straight a’s in all subjects and a perfect 4.0 gpa for both semesters! my youngest arrived at cma with his own issues and a few years later at camden he is now the bc (battalion commander) !!! next year at stony brook university, he will be closer to me and i hope to turn this into a great opportunity to meet often . the two together there made them special brothers , very close and supportive of each other.”
offredo family, class of 2017 and 2018 (2 sons)









“we enrolled our son in cma in fall 2016, hoping that this environment would help him overcome the difficulties he had dealing with structure and discipline. at the end of just one year at cma, we see positive changes all around and our overall expectations of what can be accomplished in such little time have been surpassed. not only has his school work improved tremendously, but he has also developed into a young man who understands that self-discipline and dedication are key elements for success! 
martin family, class of 2018









“we selected camden military academy (cma) 2016 after an extensive on-line and campus visit search for a boarding school for our son. our son struggled in public school both academically and socially. after the completion of his 8th grade in public school, we knew we had to find a school that could provide our son with a more structured education. we felt he needed more structure to his day, smaller class sizes, and a discipline system that was based on both positive and negative rewards. we toured cma last year and met with the faculty and staff. we were really impressed with the school and its philosophy. more so, our son was happy after the visit, and told us that cma “gets him”. it made our selection process very easy! 
ranka family, class of 2020









“my son achieved more in one year than he had in the rest of his high school experience, where he was a frustrated underachiever. but thanks to camden’s positive role models and seamless structure, he enjoyed an adventurous senior year (his first at camden) while earning substantial scholarship money on his way to the citadel. smaller class sizes encouraged him to accept accountability and take control of his future!
best family, class of 2022









“one of the hardest decisions my husband and i made as parents was to send our son to camden military academy at 15 years old, the beginning of his sophomore year in 2019. we prayed that this decision would help guide him to be the best that we knew he could be. we encouraged him to embrace the school and the opportunities as we knew that if he did that he would thrive. he needed guidance and leadership and was surrounded by strong male role models. he needed the structure and small class size and an education that is no longer provided in the public school system. lon worked hard in school and equally as hard in athletics and in leadership roles. he is a proud member of the cma class of 2022. i am so proud to say that he earned a national rotc scholarship and has a clear direction for his future!
callis family, class of 2022









“without a doubt, sending anthony to camden was a great decision…his character was molded in that military academy.”
michael groover – my delicious life with paula deen













unlock your potential at camden military academy. take the next step!
begin your transformative journey toward academic excellence, leadership development, and personal growth by taking the first step—apply now to join camden military academy and unlock the doors to a future of opportunity and achievement!


info packet request
					    	
					    
apply now
					    	
					    
schedule a visit
					    	
					    










about

staff directory
student/parent resources


admissions

apply now
tuition
international students
tuition assistance
open house
virtual tour
visit camden


cadet life

academics
clubs
furloughs & leaves
military


athletics
calendar
alumni
media

blog
live stream events
podcast




contact
admissions@camdenmilitary.com
phone: 803-432-6001
toll free: (800) 948-6291
fax: 803-425-1020
520 hwy 1 northcamden, sc 29020






































follow us: 
facebook
twitter
instagram


privacy policy   |    © 2025 camden military academy.

							camden military academy, located in camden, south carolina, is a private, college preparatory military boarding school for young men in grades 7-12. with traditions dating back to 1892, the academy emphasizes a structured environment that fosters self-discipline, leadership, and academic excellence. the school is deeply dedicated to character development and aims to instill essential values such as organization, time management, goal setting, respect, integrity, and responsibility in its cadets, preparing them not only for college but also for future leadership roles, meaningful careers, and lifelong success in all aspects of life.
						












 
