







the comics curmudgeon

























  










skip to main content






main menu
archives
about
donate
subscribe
log in

social media










 






today

15 

“guy with glasses looks at cop,” exactly the sort of front-page photo that grabs the reader


post content
gil thorp, 2/19/25

gil thorp of course always deals with teen issues both of-the-moment and timeless, and there’s one of the latter type that i don’t think we’ve seen before, which is the phenomenon of the horse girl. we’ve actually been in the middle of a wrestling-themed story for the past few days so i’m not sure if this is a classic thorp-style abrupt transition to the spring b-plot, which will involve the intensely competitive and hitherto undocumented valley conference equestrian tournament, or if valley conference wrestling follows wwe rules and allows unorthodox techniques like riding a horse into the ring. either way, i’m looking forward to learning more about this young athlete who loves silver in a way that the lone ranger never could.
heathcliff, 2/19/25

it’s very true that you can’t judge a book by its cover. there really are people out there who appear to be ordinary, solid citizens — collared shirts, flattop haircuts, the whole nine yards — and yet behind closed doors full-on bathe in meat, like absolute freaks. only animals with powerful noses can identify these sickos!
dick tracy, 2/19/25

today’s dick tracy really has a lot to say about contemporary journalism. sam reacts with irritation and impatience to dick’s attempt to explain the corpsenapping background to him: “yeah, yeah, yeah,” he says, thrusting a broadsheet into dick’s face. “i know all that, i read about it in our constitutionally protected free press, ever heard of it?” but in the final panel, a local citizen refers to “tottering tribune towers,” a reference to the fact that chicago’s largest newspaper was forced into bankruptcy by vulture capitalists and is now part of a hedge-fund-owned chain that’s increasingly starved of resources. (the tower in this case is metaphorical, as the real one was sold and converted to condos in 2018.)
the lockhorns, 2/19/25

cases in divorce court almost never involve jury trials, of course, which means that leroy lied to loretta about having jury duty and convinced her to accompany him to the courthouse just so he could do this bit. ironically, this just shows that he’s willing to put in the work to keep their dysfunctional marriage fresh and interesting.


about this post


15 comments 




dick tracy

gil thorp

heathcliff

lockhorns





 




tuesday, feb 18, 2025

144 

the meal isn’t free, dawn


post content
bizarro, 2/18/25

big fan of today’s bizarro for insisting on historical realism in the face of the gauzy, romantic revisionism we usually see on this subject. king arthur, that paragon of courtly chivalry and the ultimate historical good guy? didn’t exist, of course, but whatever dark ages warlord served as the inspiration for the stories was no doubt a violent thug who established his rule by the sword. certainly he would’ve held a mere craftsman as unworthy of respect from the warrior caste, wouldn’t have hesitated to murder such a person if he found him even slightly annoying, and would’ve suffered no consequences for doing so.
mother goose and grimm, 2/18/25

mother goose and grimm hit its 40th anniversary last year, and its characters are sick of it! they were never meant to dance and put on antics for our amusement for so many decades! please, let them rest! let them find rest in the grave! they’re begging you!
mary worth, 2/18/25

“well then, a home-cooked meal may do the trick!” [much quieter and faster] “and also advice.”
“what was that last part, mary?”
“nothing, dawn! see you at seven o’clock!”
“thanks, mary!”
[even quieter and faster] “for advice”
“did you say something else?”
“must’ve been the wind, dear.”


about this post


144 comments 




bizarro

mary worth

mother goose and grimm





 




monday, feb 17, 2025

120 

corpsethief: the thief who steals corpses


post content
dick tracy, 2/17/25

not sure if america was in the mood for the dick tracy storyline just concluded, about how the families prominent in our civic and financial elites are getting nazi-curious about their nazi ancestors. but has there ever been an era that wasn’t up for a good corpse-napping story? dr. hart here is pissed about an attempted corpse theft and she wants neo-chicago’s top cop on the case! only he can track down the perpetrators! and, of course, if the notoriously trigger-happy tracy were to produce more corpses in the course of his investigation, bringing more business to the morgue … well, that would just be an added bonus.
judge parker, 2/17/25

look, i’m fine with sophie acknowledging that there are few things less interesting to a college-age girl than her dad’s middle-aged dude friends, but i draw the line on her deciding to just stop engaging with spener-driver-parker antics altogether. sophie, we already have a comic strip about a blonde college student doing blonde college student stuff, it’s called luann and (as i am reminded now that i have violated my blood oath and started reading it again) it’s pretty dire. you need to get in there and start hacking that drone footage! you’ve got an audience to entertain here and “doing your homework” or whatever is not going to cut it.


about this post


120 comments 




dick tracy







older posts!


 








comment of the week


dolly makes a crack about her brothers whilst the pitch black void looms ever closer. she mentions her brothers because there is no one else but the family, there is nothing outside the kompound. they may pray to the lord, but he abandoned them to oblivion long ago.

                    —rosstifer



 



 

  


posting and discussion policies
privacy policy
email josh

all post content © 2004–2025 joshua fruhlinger.
                   comics reproduced here for purposes of review only, and all
                   rights remain with their creators; please don't sue me. all
                   comments remain the property and responsibility of those who
                   posted them. blog powered by wordpress, which is way cool.
                   hosting provided by digital ocean, who are lovely people. site designed
                   by the charming and talented
                   adam norwood; logo
                   designed by the talented and charming
                   francesco
                   marciuliano. this blog was once known as i read the
                   comics so you don't have to. it is in no way affiliated with
                   funny paper, which used to read the comics so you don't have
                   to, and may do so again. are you still reading this? why are
                   you still reading this? a.l.



















