





 





 






mainpages









 























                                        alert
                                    





                                        fda issues warning about rare but serious liver injury with the use of fezolinetant (veozah) for hot flashes due to menopause                                         







                                view all alerts
                                 










                        worst pills, best pills


                        an expert, independent second opinion on more than 1,800 prescription drugs, over-the-counter
                        medications, and supplements
                    







                                            login
                                        



                                            subscribe
                                        




                                        search
                                    




 
 

 search 
 













home 

articles & alerts 

find a drug, disease, or side effect 

our experts in the news 

glossary 

free drug information 














 
welcome to our website – subscribe today 


 
your expert, independent second opinion on drugs and supplements 


 
get access to all issues of our print newsletter since 2004 


 
remembering sidney m. wolfe, m.d., health research group founder, june 12, 1937 – january 1, 2024 


 
worst pills, best pills news 2024 drug index 





previous



next






                            our latest research
                        

                            february 2025                        


the fda, user fees and trump 2.0 

dupilumab (dupixent), a monoclonal antibody for copd 

obeticholic acid (ocaliva): a liver disease drug the fda never should have approved 

new drugs for migraine symptoms are not always more effective than old ones, study finds 

marijuana (cannabis) use: an update from the fda 

view more articles & alerts 







who we are 


                since our founding in 1971 by renowned patient advocate dr. sidney wolfe, we've helped millions of
                consumers stay informed about harmful or ineffective medications, dangerous drug interactions and
                side effects, and pharmaceutical industry influence over the fda. we do not accept funding from
                corporations, professional associations or government agencies.
            


                    "critical safety information on common prescription drugs"
                

                    - the diane rehm show
                










                    our latest issues, articles and alerts
                




                    find a drug, disease, or side effect
                




                    our experts in the news
                




                    subscribe to our site
                



follow @citizenhrg
tweets by citizenhrg








free consumer guides



 

                    ten rules for safer drug use
                



 

                    drug-induced eye toxicity: 62 drugs that can cause eye disease
                



 

                    29 medications that may cause adverse interactions with thyroid drugs
                



 

                    introduction to drugs that can cause cognitive impairment
                



            view more free guides
        








                        site links
                    




about us 

our staff 

faqs 

glossary 





contact us 

privacy statement 

public citizen 

search page 






                        subscriptions
                    




subscribe to worstpills.org 

subscribe to our print newsletter worst pills, best pills news only 

add worstpills.org access to your print newsletter subscription 

give a gift subscription to worstpills.org 






                    disclaimer
                

                    the information on this website is not intended to substitute for professional medical advice,
                    diagnosis, or treatment. consult your doctor before changing or discontinuing any medication.
                









                    worst pills, best pills is a project of public citizen's health research group group. as an
                    independent, nonprofit organization, we take no corporate or government contributions and accept no
                    advertising. copyright © 2025 public citizen's health research group. all rights
                    reserved.
                


 





