































































opelika auburn news | breaking news | oanow.com | read opelika, al and alabama breaking news. get latest news, events and information on alabama sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















45°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world 



news tip




obituaries


recent obituaries



find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



auburn university



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



exclusive



get healthy




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



today's ads



opelika-auburn news archives




our publications


the corner




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



memory plaques



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



become a carrier



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

buy & sell









45°
rain shower
























        
        
            southern union generated over $160m in added income to its service area economy in 2023-24

"businesses in our area rely on our graduates to help keep their operations strong. this report just underscores suscc’s important role in training our workforce," said suscc president todd shackett. 

















        
        
            rising country music stars will perform at the auburn rodeo. here's how to get tickets.

this rodeo, tailgating and country music festival event will be headlined by the red clay strays, a fast-rising country music band that got its start in mobile.

















        
        
            auburn softball jumps into usa softball top 25

auburn softball jumped into usa softball's top 25 after an 11-0 start to the season.

















        
        
            expect these temporary road closures in auburn during sunday's war eagle run fest

road and lane closures will be put in place during the war eagle run fest on sunday. here's where traffic will be impacted. 

















        
        
            alabama secretary of state wes allen announces he'll run for lieutenant governor

alabama secretary of state wes allen is running for lieutenant governor in 2026. the republican announced his campaign on tuesday. allen was elected secretary of state in 2022. after being elected as secretary of state, allen withdrew alabama from the electronic registration information cent…

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            how added depth could make all the difference for auburn gymnastics this postseason

auburn struggled once suni lee went out in 2023, and another injury was the beginning of the end in 2024. but here’s how auburn’s best depth in a while could help the tigers in the 2025 postseason.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            phenix city woman among first to receive new cancer treatment at columbus hospital


















        
        
            victim found on south second avenue after fatal gunshot wound to the head, police say


















        
        
            expect these temporary road closures in auburn during sunday's war eagle run fest















                
                the latest


















        
        
            union springs police searching for arson suspect after two businesses catch fire

a 33-year-old man is wanted in connection with the fire that destroyed two union springs businesses on saturday morning.   




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            opelika neighbors: obituaries for february 8

read through the obituaries published today in opelika-auburn news. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            auburn gymnastics’ olivia hollingsworth announces her injury is season-ending

“thank you to my coaches, teammates, and the auburn family for helping me fall in love with gymnastics again.”




















        
        
            report: auburn’s dewanna bonner joining caitlin clark, signing with indiana fever

bonner is signing a one-year deal to join the indiana fever and play alongside caitlin clark in the 2025 season.




















        
        
            auburn rising stars keko jong and marissa neal both earn sec honors

the two auburn freshmen went toe-to-toe in several events friday night with an olympic world champion.




















        
        
            groth: auburn gymnastics freshmen have ‘everything they need’ to take tigers to next level

here’s how the tigers are trying to take another step forward entering the oregon state meet.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            how subscription models for ai companions work in alabama

affiliate content. discover how subscription models for ai companions operate in alabama, offering personalized features while raising questions about accessibility and ethics.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            something special



                                        2934 ross clark circle, dothan, al 36305
                                    






















        
        
            georgetown quitman county commission



                                        po box 114, georgetown, ga 39854
                                    






















        
        
            center well home health



                                        2740 headland ave, dothan, al 36303
                                    
















                
                latest local offers
                
                    

















        
        
            insurance


















        
        
            r.a.m. pressure washing











        
        
            office for lease










                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            aim high






































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter sign-up

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

legal notices

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        opelika-auburn news	, 204 s 8th street opelika, al 36801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























