






north carolina school for the deaf









































{"text":"welcome to north carolina school for the deaf • a language rich environment","delay":"35"}



translate



search




















+about»welcome»administration»board of trustees»policies»transition»departments»education services for the deaf and blind»faculty & staff»mission & vision»ncsd foundation»school improvement plan»cte advisory committee»lighting our way forward: nc's guidebook for reopening public schools»ncsd strategic plan 2022-2025»advisory council»human rights committee»public notice»ncsd volunteer, intern and educational staff support services»safety and health+admissions»admissions»faqs+academics»bell schedules»handbook»pre-k»elementary»middle school»high school»school calendar»student resources»school menus»testing calendar+residential life»residential life student of the month»athletics»clubs and activities»residential life+families»american sign language classes»american sign language and deaf culture resources»collaboration for student achievement»parent's bill of rights»artificial intelligence in nc schools»families of young children»important links»parent letters»photo gallery»title ii federal grant»video gallery+staff+interpreters»ncsd interpreter request form»interpreter feedback»esdb policy/operations manual+staff resources»human resources overview»fiori - (hr - payroll system)»ncid»ncsd career opportunities»office 365 login»ncedcloud iam+contact»contact us»directions»staff directory










skip to content
skip to menu












a language rich environment







enrollment
staff directory
board of trustees
superintendent search survey








					  parents, colleagues, and school community members, your input is needed. please respond with your thoughts on the ideal characteristics of our future superintendent. the survey deadline is friday, february 21, 2025. superintendentsearch survey 




every student matters, every moment counts.
our mission at the north carolina school for the  deaf, is to provide student centered, standards-based instruction to deaf and hard-of-hearing students in a multicultural and multilingual environment. our students are enabled and empowered to be lifelong learners and productive, contributing citizens to humanity.



established in 1894






news & announcements




 news and announcements 







                             superintendent survey search
                    

                        parents, colleagues, and school community members, your input is needed. please respond with your thoughts on the ideal characteristics of our future superintendent. the survey deadline is friday, february 21, 2025.
                    






                             mason-tournament in louisiana online streaming! go bears!
                    

                        below is the live streaming link to mason-dixon girls, boys basketball and cheerleading teams tournament: ncsd bears will be playing at 9 am today. check the game schedule link below for more information!
                    






                             ncsd job posting: school principal
                    








                             100 days of school spirit week! february 3-7 
                    








                             ncsd parental plan committee
                    

                        ncsd parental plan committethe parental plan committee will meet via teams on february 4, 202, at 10:00 am.
                    






                             learn and play event! jan. 30, 2025
                    

                        ncsd's learn & play outreach event will be on january 30, 3:00 to 4:00 pm!rvsp andrea.phipps@ncsd.k12.nc.us
                    






                             marketing committee
                    

                        the marketing committee will meet on the third friday of each month at 8:00 a.m. beginning on january 17, 2025, via teams.
                    






                             hr committee meeting - january 9, 2024 10 am on microsoft teams
                    

                        ncsd hr committee will meet on microsoft teams on january 9, 2024 at 10 am
                    






                             letter from chairperson of board of trustees, sandy turner
                    








                             superintendent position now available! see below for more information
                    







show all


<
>





show all news















calendar of events





upcoming events




jan
25





                    boys basketball - mason-dixon tournament - away
                


location:
                louisiana
            





jan
24





                    boys basketball - mason-dixon tournament - away
                


location:
                louisiana
            





jan
23





                    boys basketball - mason-dixon tournament - away
                


location:
                louisiana
            





jan
16





                    boys basketball - ncsd vs vsdb - home
                


time:

								4:00 pm
                
                 - 4:00 pm






jan
13





                    boys basketball - ncsd vs encsd - away
                


time:

								4:00 pm
                
                 - 4:00 pm







show
            calendar
show
            all


<
>














facebook


youtube


stay connected

north carolina school for the deaf







$4,234,936in scholarships


state championsvarsity football




16 ap / 11 honorclasses offered


over 50 leaguestate championships











photo albums




our school at a glance



student life




show gallery

























                    517 w. fleming dr.
                    morganton, nc 28655
                




                    phone: (828) 432-5200
video phone: (828) 475-0832
































