



norway,amazon,peru,cuzco,machu picchu,kilimanjaro,tanzania,kenya,masai mara,iceland,brazil,malta,botswana,finland,jordan,petra,malta,tour operators,iran,persepolis,shiraz,esfahan,tour agencies,south africa,cambodia,china










































»exploration news
»exotic tribes
»amazing places
»mysteries
»wildlife & safari
»extreme sports
»society & lifestyle
»expeditions
»explorers
»norway
»finland
»peru
»liverpool
»moss
»party life
»beach life
»advice & trends
»travel quotes
»travel books
»books & films
»music & dance
»useful links
»video clips
»consultant services
»partner programme
»consultant partners
»travel links partners
»presentations & multimedia
»quiz
»submission articles
»jobs & training
»win prize
»press room
»investors
»contact us
»norske artikler
»ordtak reiser
»norske reiseguider
»site map




			search:
 »




















the global travel guide for genuine adventurers!




book your wildest adventure tour here!








»explorers club
»search
»photo gallery
»advertising












exploration news
global travel guide and travel agent! we cover untouched destinations, exotic tribes, mysteries, wildlife, extreme sport, unique expeditions and great discoveries. be inspired and book your adventure tours here!





al-khazneh, the treasury, petra, jordan - a hidden tomb found
in a groundbreaking discovery near petra’s amazing monument khazneh, also known as treasury, archaeologists unearthed in october previous year (2024) a hidden a tomb containing 12 human skeletons and ancient artifacts, believed to be over 2,000 years old. 

 






how rock music inspires a better world
songs serve as powerful reminders of the ongoing fight against racism, xenophobia, and intolerance. music has the power to ignite change, and artists have through history used their voices to challenge injustice, uplift communities, and promote values of respect, freedom, dignity, and love. 

 






when football turned ugly - the most brutal matches in history
football is called the "beautiful game," but sometimes, it turns into an all-out war on the pitch. from violent tackles to full-blown fights, some matches have gone down in history for all the wrong reasons. these are the battle of santiago - chile vs. italy, 1962 world cup, estudiantes vs. ac milan in the 1969 intercontinental cup, and the battle of nuremberg - portugal vs. netherlands in the world cup 2006, and the battle of old trafford - manchester united vs. arsenal in 1990. read about these matches and other infamous matches where chaos took over. 

 






travel trends - what to expect in the world of travel in 2025
as we have stepped into the new year, have you considered how your travel plans might change in 2025? the world of travel is constantly evolving, and you wonder about new exciting opportunities to explore the globe. we can’t wait to share the exciting possibilities that lie ahead!

 






sarajevo, bosnia and herzegovina - the city where cultures meet
sarajevo is one of the most culturally diverse and historically rich cities in europe, a melting pot of east and west, where ottoman, austro-hungarian, slavic, and balkan influences converge. its history is marked by resilience, multiculturalism, and tragic events. especially the city`s old town was fascinating to explore.

 






a world of wonders - inspiring travel tales to start your 2025 adventures
from the depths of montenegro's fascinating lipa cave, to the timeless mystery of newgrange in ireland and cultural diversity in sarajevo, are stories written to spark wanderlust and inspire fresh perspectives on the world around us.

 






patriarchal cathedral - metropolitan church, bucharest - a spiritual and architectural jewel
perched on mitropoliei hill in central bucharest, the patriarchal cathedral (metropolitan church) is a key orthodox landmark and a piece of romanian history. consecrated in 1658, it’s inspired by the curtea de argeș monastery and dedicated to saints constantine and helen. 

 






independence day in finland - a story of strength and identity
warmest congratulations to finland on independence day (itsenäisyyspäivä), 6th december! this special day offers finns a moment to reflect on their national identity, the hard-won freedom they cherish, and the profound sacrifices that secured their independence. 

 






jiwaka tribe in papua new guinea - ghosts come to life
the young members of the jiwaka tribe performed their haunting skeleton dance to honour me and my travelling friend, and it was unlike anything i’d ever seen. they looked like ghosts moving around. it was both captivating and otherworldly.

 






victoria falls - the thunderous wonder of africa
visiting the majestic victoria falls, one of africa’s most breathtaking natural wonders, is an experience that stays with me forever. located on the border of zambia and zimbabwe, this awe-inspiring marvel awakened all my senses. 

 






ravne tunnels, visoko in bosnia and herzegovina - exploring mysticism and controversy
i delved into the mystical heart of bosnia and herzegovina, exploring the labyrinthine tunnels beneath the bosnian valley of the pyramids in visoko. these are called the ravne tunnels. curious and open to possibility, i entered to experience the mystical energy and the allure of rumoured healing powers for myself. 

 






the assassination in sarajevo that set the world on fire
the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand of austria-hungary and his wife, sophie, took place on 28th june in 1914, near the historic latin bridge - latinska ćuprija - in sarajevo, bosnia and herzegovina. this was the catalyst that triggered a chain reaction among the major european powers, leading to world war i.

 






palace of parliament, bucharest – a massive symbol of a dark past
towering over the romania`s capital bucharest, the palace of parliament is a gigantic building that both impresses and unsettles. it is the third largest civilian administrative building in the world, even larger than the pentagon. but behind its impressive size is a story of oppression, waste, and ambition, making it one of the most controversial buildings ever constructed. 

 






oulu, finland - sisu shining in the evenings
oulu is full of life. so much energy radiate from the people all around, especially in the evenings. it`s most be the sisu. every day in the summer here is filled with happy party lions in pubs, parks, market, streets, riversides and forrests. live music with soumi rokkia turn the people really on. 

 






kristin harila launches collaboration with baker perry to maintain mount everest weather stations and on clean-up campaign
kristin harila and climate scientist baker perry will collaborate on upcoming maintenance weather stations on mount everest, including one at the bishop rock, located at approximately 8,810 meters above sea level and only 40 m below the summit. 

 




 next 






unique tour operators


top-five stories
»dramatic crocodile hunting in papua new guinea!
»under the iron curtain in the socialist town nowa huta, krakow, poland
»carthage, tunis, tunisia - the rise and fall of an ancient superpower
»sillustani, puno, in boliva - an ancient cementary for powerful people built by the collas
»stonehenge - new discoveries changes the written history






		               meeting the mudmen in papua new guinea

	   	            see the video here















 global travel guide and agent - news, articles and photos from untouched and exciting destinations around the world!

© 2000-2024 travel explorations - all rights reserved.



powered by custompublish
















