

















radial engineering


























































 



















        
            open nav

productsartistsblogcompany





products
categorydirect boxpower conditionerssplittersinstrument preampinterfacesswitchersreamp®500 seriesstudio toolsamp simulatorsisolatorseffect pedalsaudio over cat 5accessorieslegacy productsall productsapplicationsacousticelectricbasskeyboardpro audiorecording


artists

blog
newsradial on recordtech cornerreviewsartistsvideoseducationpress releasesdesign insightstales from the rhodes




company
contacthistoryclient listcareerspoliciesradial warranty





 
 
















true to your music
read more











from pedal to performance
highline stereo - now shipping











from pedal to performance
highline - now shipping











hear what you've been missing
nuance select - now shipping











launch your signal over cat 5
catapult rack - now shipping











sgi
instrument line driver











learn to reamp without limits
reamp academy











2 channel, featured-packed bass preamp
bassbone od












products by application














acoustic











electric










bass










keyboard



















































pro audio














recording






featured products



 highline stereo                          stereo passive line isolator

the highline stereo is a two channel passive line isolator designed to connect guitar and amp modelers to a mixer for live touring and recording applications, featuring premium jensen transformers for exceptional audio performance.


 highline                          passive line isolator

the highline is a passive line isolator designed to connect guitar and amp modelers to a mixer for live touring and recording applications, featuring a premium jensen transformer for exceptional audio performance.


 sgi                          instrument line driver

the sgi is a high performance line driver system for guitars that takes an unbalanced instrument signal and allows you to drive it as far as 100 meters (300ft) without noise.


 bassbone v2                          bass preamp & boost

the bassbone v2™ is a two channel bass preamp with a number of customizable features to suit any type of setup or playing style, while providing superb audio quality ideal for a live stage or studio recording.












radial engineering guitar products: built for players



radial’s namm 2025 giveaway – jdi & j48



what’s new at namm 2025



how to manage any keyboard setup on stage












reamping is one of the most exciting and creative aspects of recording. this is where you can get down to work and use your creative juices to come up with new sounds that will attract attention and set your music apart. radial leads the world in reamping technology with a variety of tools for every level of user. 
all reamp










 

 



 

 







radial artists
one of the foundations that have made radial a success is the wonderful relationship we have with the many artists that use radial. a special thank-you needs to go to the engineers, technicians and backline teams that do the hard work behind the scenes to make it all look easy. without them, the show would not go on.
            









 



 



 



 



 









 



 



 



 



 



 









 



 



 



 












andrew schepsmetallica, red hot chili peppers, audioslave, link...


george seararihanna, drake, holly cole, sting, and herbie hanc...


ari “r.e. thuggz” raskinengineer, producer & guitarist


jason aldeancountry recording artist


alan parsonsthe beatles, pink floyd, al stewart, the alan pars...


lionel richierecording artist


joe satrianichickenfoot


guthrie trappgarth brooks, tanya tucker, trisha yearwood, georg...


nathan easteric clapton, fourplay, toni braxton, lionel richi...


rhonda smithjeff beck, prince, beyonce, chaka khan, patrice ru...


marcus millermiles davis, herbie hancock, micheal jackson, elto...


tommy emmanuelgrammy nominated 'certified guitar player'...


butch walkeravril lavigne, pink, lindsay lohan, simple plan, h...


zac browngrammy winner - zac brown band


jordan rudessdream theater, david bowie, liquid tension experim...










"i can’t stress enough how creative using the extc by radial is to trick out a sound while recording or mixing and getting all my favorite pedals involved in the fun. the level controls and blending feature is totally essential. i can’t believe i only had one extc for a few years… and now i’m rocking them in stereo."
jacquire king
shania twain, kings of leon, james bay, modest mouse, you me at six, buddy guy, norah jones, of monsters and men, josh ritter, cold war kids, city and colour









"with a company like radial, you know you're gonna get quality. this box is a tank and i know it's gonna last. i'm really excited to be implementing this in my workflow."
math bishop
producer/engineer - taylor swift, one direction, snow patrol, airborne toxic event, robbie williams









"i have been a fan and consumer of radial products long before i had any affiliation with the company. the audio quality of everything they make stands alone in a studio setting and the indestructible nature of the build quality means that you can trust that same gear out on the road."
 joey landreth
the bros landreth









"making a di’d acoustic guitar sound great is so difficult. the radial ac-driver has taken my acoustic guitar tone to a place i never thought possible"
shawn mendes
recording artist









"i've used radial devices in my studios for years now. whether it’s for guitars, turntables or reamping, i love the practicality and efficiency of their devices. most importantly, with radial sound quality is always a guarantee."
mark ronson
producer/ musician









"the radial pz-pre is the most natural sounding acoustic preamp we have ever used, not to mention its road-tested durability. thanks radial."
zac brown
zac brown band









"when i forgot to bring my radial jdv to a session, my engineer made me go back home to get it! that's how good it is"
marcus miller
miles davis, herbie hancock, michael jackson, elton john, wayne shorter, luther vandross, david sanborn













company
contact
careers
history
artist relations
client list


support
technical support
product questions
radial warranty


quick links
what is a di?
comparing dis
di questions


radial family
primacoustic
jensen transformers







stay in touch





email address*


 











70254



 







































privacy policy
© 2025 radial engineering. all rights reserved.










27315 












































