

fairy doors of urban fairies in ann arbor



















































































 site map and updates >clik this< 
the original turn of the century (the 21st century) fairy doors






gnome news

home • stuff to get • books

site map • events • mythology-history • locations • map

faqs • observations • sightings • flat fairies • visions-gallery • fairy car • droppings • fairy finders

evidence of urban fairies show • journals • print news • radio news • tv news • blogs • awards

making contact


facebook: urban fairies - fairy doors of ann arbor

© 2005 urban fairies operations, llc 
other cool links
this is where it (fairy doors) all began — the concept, the phenomenon. this site is all about the fairy doors in ann arbor, michigan (the original fairy doors) and what illustrator, jonathan b. wright , certified fairyologist, discovers about them. it includes photographs of the fairy doors, comments in the fairy journals, observations and speculations about the fairies. tiny doors, urban fairies®, faery, faeries, fairy, fairies, miniature doors, tiny doors, little doors, tiny fairy doors, little fairy doors, little faery doors, tiny faery doors, weensy doors, sweetwaters coffee & tea, peaceable kingdom, jefferson market, the ark, the ann arbor framing company, selo shevel gallery, lakewood elementary kindergarten, fairy ticket window, found gallery, mott children's hospital, the michigan theater, google offices, nicola's books, found gallery, flying pumpkin cottage, fairy entrances, fairy windows, fairy spaces, fairy store, fairy shop, flat fairies, clarence the bridge troll, fairy droppings. the site will be updated frequently with new excerpts from the fairy journals, new fairy sightings, specifics about each location a fairy map. any new knowledge of the fairy activity will be passed along by jonathan. also on this site are some hidden fairy surprises and a list of frequently asked questions about fairies. there is a brief history of how jonathan became involved with the urban fairies®. there are links to local publications about the urban fairy® phenomenon. jonathan is currently writing several books on the fairies in collaboration with his wife, kathleen, who coincidentally has found a fairy door in her kindergarten classroom. hopefully it will be fun and informative to come back and see what's new with the urban fairies of ann arbor.
these are the original fairy doors
of the turn of the (last) century
since 1993

urban fairies® is a registered trademark of urban fairies operations, llc (ufo for short)




