




  






home - vallejo chamber of commerce, ca


















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































4th of july parade









member login









contact us









join




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































4th of july parade









member login









contact us









join















the chamber

about the chamber
benefits of membership
cornerstone sponsors
board of directors
ambassadors
committees
chamber surveys
chamber staff


directory

member resources

member news
member-to-member deals
score & sbdc
solano edc
job postings
hot deals
marketspace
shop vallejo first
choosevallejo.com



events calendar

chamber events
community events
submit event



chamber partners

city of vallejo
leadership vallejo
vallejo chambers alliance
visit vallejo
choosevallejo.com



community

4th of july parade
about vallejo
mare island
visit vallejo
downtown vallejo
living & working
gvrd
economic development
education & vcusd
family & community organizations
vallejo discover our community
















































































































welcome to the vallejo chamber of commerce!
business   *   education   *   advocacy   *   community   *   prosperity
for over 100 years the vallejo chamber of commerce has been a community leader in economic development, political oversight, and leadership. through the resources and expertise of hundreds of members, the support of a professional staff, and partnerships with many organizations, the chamber is strategically positioned to continue building on the successes of yesterday in order to improve the fortunes of tomorrow for all who live and work in vallejo.












news







directory







calendar







about







m2m





























mark your calendar




every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.
























































learn more


















member spotlight - victory stores




victory stores has been serving the needs of vallejo and the greater bay area for over 75 years. specializing in military surplus items, you can find a whole lot more when you shop at their store. ray prather, the fourth generation owner, shares more about what the store means to him and his customers:










victory stores


















starting a business



get to learn the ins and outs of starting your own small business with free resources offered by score and the solano sbdc.
read more »














living & working



there are so many advantages to living and working in vallejo! weather, location, diversity and opportunity are but a few.
                                                read more »




































new members





















newsletter sign-up




stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.

















view newsletter














2022 sotc: "the state of business in vallejo"




















2024 cornerstone members - pinnacle

 
     








































































 
view news!
 

 





















representing vallejo businesses since 1874 ...








































 vallejo chamber of commerce

  425 a virginia st., vallejo, ca 94590

  707. 644.5551

  info@vallejochamber.com






































© copyright 2025 vallejo chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.



















 


