the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis – best ratesskip to main contentmain navigationour brandsspecial offersmeetings & eventssign in or joinsecondary navigationmy stayshelplocation searchnavigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.select room and guest count1 room, 1 guestselect rate typeratesfind hotel
          <iframe
            src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wz2w5c"
            height="0"
            width="0"
            style="display:none; visibility:hidden"
            aria-hidden="true"
          ></iframe>
        the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louiswelcome to st. louis212 n. kingshighway blvd., st. louis, mo 63108314.633.3000check-in: 4:00 pmcheckout: 11:00 amthe royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis puts you in the heart of st. louis' bustling central west end district. with our convenient location, explore all the city has to offer, whether you're here for business or leisure. our historic st. louis hotel is less than two miles from forest park. stay within minutes of the saint louis zoo, the saint louis art museum, citypark stadium, and the missouri botanical garden. embrace elegance in our stunning guest rooms and suites, including our new park plaza executive apartment. enjoy luxurious amenities including three on-site restaurants, a historic movie theater, a fitness center, a mediterranean-style seasonal outdoor pool, and more than 65,000 square feet of meeting space.long live the guest at the royal sonesta. read more +st. louis diningour on-site dining allows you to enjoy delicious cuisine just steps from your guestroom.discover our diningst. louis wedding venueplan your st. louis wedding at our the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis.
explore wedding venuespark plaza executive apartment discover the new crown jewel, featuring a private elevator entrance, a fully equipped kitchen, and more. explore park plaza executive apartment accommodationsselect your roomawards & recognitionu.s. news best hotels2024 aaa best of inspected clean2024 tripadvisor travelers' choice+22take a visual tourphoto gallery+19special offersdeals & offers at our st. louis hotellet your love show​celebrate love now through february with our romance packages. they’re perfect for surprising that special someone, celebrating valentine’s day, or just giving yourself a little more love.book nowlearn moreeat, play, shop local!go shopping in the central west end on us -- this package includes cwe bucks to eat, play, shop during your stay!book nowlearn morepark & stayenjoy worry-free parking for your vehicle when you book your sonesta stay with code park.book nowlearn moreshow more offers + explore the areawhat's nearbyabout the hotelhotel detailsour hotelproperty mascothistorydestination feeaccessibilitypet policygovernment travelamenities & featuresthe chase apartments in-room amenitieshousekeepingparkinglong term staydiningchase clubthe prestonthe tenderloin roomin-room dininglocal area meetings & eventsweddingsoffersfaqsabout our st. louis hotelthe royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis, located in the vibrant central west end district, is your gateway to the best of the gateway city, with premier attractions and lush landscapes just steps away. after an action-packed day, unwind in our beautifully appointed suites and rooms featuring generous amenities designed to make your stay memorable and comfortable. take a refreshing dip in our mediterranean-style seasonal pool or keep fit in our state-of-the-art fitness center boasting 18,000 square feet of space. plus, watch the latest releases in our historic five-screen movie theater located off the main lobby! make your next event one to remember. take advantage of our 65,000+ square feet of flexible function and event space and our dedicated staff, who will ensure that your event runs seamlessly when you work up an appetite, discover the local flavors that our three exceptional dining establishments have to offer, just steps away from your guest room.take a virtual tourthe marchioness of missouriplayful with a dash of elegance, the marchioness of missouri takes her seat ruling over the chase park plaza royal sonesta. the fox, in its natural habitat, is a curious explorer. this is a nod to an important event in state’s history, with st. louis being where lewis & clark conferred with traders about the upper missouri regions and obtained maps made by earlier explorers. with our vibrant vixen watching over you, your stay at the chase park plaza will surely be foxy!our historic hotel in st. louisa visit to st. louis wouldn’t be complete without discovering the history behind the famed chase park plaza (now the royal sonesta chase park plaza). built in 1922 and designed in italian renaissance style, owner and visionary, chase ullman, proclaimed the building to be the “largest and costliest residential hotel in any city approaching st. louis in size.” in 1929, the 27-story art deco park plaza hotel was built next door.from u.s. presidents to elvis and the rolling stones, the royal sonesta chase park plaza has had almost 10 decades of famous guests, creating a hub for those looking to experience the historic building.  notable guests:in 1958, elvis presley stayed at the chase and requested that the freight elevator be available only for his use to maintain his privacy. he stayed sequestered at the hotel until stage time.the chase’s bars, clubs, and ballrooms saw a lot of talent early on. violinist bobby swain led the orchestra—backing up dean martin, nat king cole, and liberace—before joining the st. louis symphony. the rolling stones stayed at the chase in 1966. dean martin and jerry lewis staged one of their first nightclub appearances at the chase. nearly every president of the united states since 1922 has stayed at the chase, each with their unique preferences and requests.historic highlights & riveting stories: the weekly national radio broadcasts of “saturday night at the chase” brought the music of the bands and entertainers performing at the chase club into living rooms all over america. in 1957, new construction technology made it possible to build a ballroom with clear sightlines, no pillars obstructing anyone’s view of the stage. the khorassan room had a newfangled thin-shell ceiling, and before the concrete set, gerber baby food cans were inserted to make 2-inch holes. rubber balls were stuffed into the ceiling temporarily, then fiberglass was blown in, creating marvelous acoustics. the light fixtures were designed to twinkle like stars.in 1964, the khorassan room was the site of st. louis’ 200th birthday party. for decades, it was the place where the city celebrated its milestones. wrestling at the chase, which featured live wrestling at the chase every saturday night, aired for 24 years and had more than 100,000 viewers per episode. over the decades, the chase has offered its visitors an unmatched lineup of amenities and services. these include its own gas pumps, print shop, telegraph office, two-level chocolate shop, jewelry store, drugstore, barber shop, hair salon, poodle palace for residents’ pups, giant laundry, paint shop, chicken-pluckin’ room (on a good day, about 1,200 chickens landed), seven full-service kitchens, sewing and drapery department, antique shop and art gallery, and upholstery and decorating shop that handled all the damasks and velvets for the interior designer in residence. on new year’s eve in 1922 during prohibition, the chase club (previously called the palm room) was raided by local officials who had gotten wind of alcohol consumption. the frenzy of the raid made front-page headlines in the new york times. built in 1954 to host the miss america pageant in 1956, the outdoor swimming pool’s barely clad bathers and the nude and billowy great bather statue caused so many accidents on lindell street that the hotel had to construct a fence. portholes in the men’s and women’s locker rooms revealed the swimmers underwater. they’ve long since been covered. talk about wild history! elephants have ridden upstairs in the freight elevator, horses have pranced into the khorassan room, and clydesdales have walked into the main lobby.destination fee at our st. louis hotelthe royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis charges a nightly destination fee of $25 that includes: 24/7 access to state-of-the-art fitness center lobby coffee/tea cart, daily: 6:00am – 8:00am basic wi-fi for unlimited devices 2 bottles of water in-room  arrival in-room coffee/tea offering $15 daily food & beverage credit for the preston, chase club, in-room dining, or the pool deck local and domestic long-distance callsaccessible st. louis hotelwe strive to make your stay as comfortable as possible and to accommodate the needs of our guests with disabilities. please contact the hotel if you have any special requests relating to your disability.the following areas are accessible:public entranceroute from the hotel’s main public entrance tothe front deskthe concierge deskthe accessible guest roomsrestaurantsthe meeting room/ballroom areasthe fitness centerthe swimming poolrestaurantsparking spaces for vans and cars in self-parking facilityfitness centerswimming poolrestroomsadditional accessibility information:guest room tvs have closed captioning or closed caption decoders providedhotel’s valet parking accepts vehicles specially outfitted for wheelchair usersaccessible guest transportationhotel has tty for guest useservice animals are welcomebraille and tactile signage is provided for permanent rooms and spaceshotel employees will read menus and other printed/visual information and provide verbal directions to locations in the hotel to guests who are blind/low visionaudio/visual fire alarms in common areasinformation about accessible guest roomsour hotel has the following accessible room types:hearing accessible kinghearing accessible queenhearing accessible double queenmobility/hearing accessible one bedroom king suite, tubmobility/hearing accessible one bedroom king suite, roll-in showermobility/hearing accessible one bedroom queen suite, tubmobility/hearing accessible king, tubrooms designated as mobility accessible have features for guests with mobility disabilities, including, but not limited to:doorways that provide 32” of clear widthroll-in shower or tub with grab bars (specific bathing fixture type is indicated for each room in the room name)lowered light switches and thermostatstoilets with grab barsaccessible vanityaccessible route to all parts of the roomrooms designated as hearing accessible have features for guests who are deaf or hard of hearing, including visual alarms and notification devices.for general amenities associated with each room type, please see our rooms.please call us at 314.633.3000 should you have further questions about accessibility or email us at reservations@sonesta.com.pet-friendly hotel in st. louiswe love your furry friends as much as you do.  sonesta is proud to invite your cuddly companions and provide special amenities like comfy pet beds, bowls, waterproof mats, and treats at check-in. we’ll greet your pet with an arrival letter outlining our local recommendations for a “pawsome” stay. we're also excited to feature a variety of innovative, pet-safe products from fable, both in-room and available for sale, to give our canine guests an extra-special stay.the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis is pet-friendly and welcomes well-mannered pets, with no breed or weight restrictions.  up to two pets are permitted per suite. $80 fee per stay applies. discover our pets are welcome at sonesta (paws) policy.  government travelroyal sonesta chase park plaza in st. louis is government travel certified!here is what our government travelers have in store when staying with us:per diem rates available year roundwi-fi included24 hour access to the state-of-the-art fitness center included24 hour access to our onsite business centeraccess to our seasonal outdoor pooldining options – the chase club, the preston, the tenderloin room, and in-room dining.use code gov when booking.qualified government travelers include active duty military, retired military veterans with government id and federal employees. black out dates may apply to rate availability.amenities at our st. louis hotelat the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis, we are proud to offer a wide array of amenities and services designed to make your stay as comfortable and effortless as possible. additionally, if you have any special requests for your stay, we would love to make them happen. contact us at 314.633.3000.tour our amenitiessanté fitness center stay on top of your fitness routine with sonesta. our state-of-the-art 18,000-square-foot on-site health club features cardio equipment with private screens as well as a wide range of free weights. plus, with daily accessibility, you can work out whenever it's most convenient for you. swimming pool unwind in style with sonesta. surrounded by fountains and stone-carved porticoes, our mediterranean-style oasis offers a refreshing dip, high-end loungers, a large dining terrace, shaded seating areas, and an outdoor fireplace for a romantic ambiance. savor a refreshing cocktail or a light snack poolside or wade into the heated waters. open seasonally - please contact hotel for more information.chase park plaza cinema unleash your inner cinephile at chase park plaza cinema. our elegant and historic setting sets the stage for an unforgettable night at the movies. with five screens, stadium seating, and a theater bar, you'll be able to enjoy the latest releases in style and comfort. barber shop  introducing cutters & co., the most iconic barbershop in the central west end located at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis. with a rich 100-year tradition of providing the finest men's grooming services, our skilled barbers are dedicated to making you look and feel your best.  hours monday – thursday:  9:00am – 8:00pm friday: 9:00am – 7:00pm saturday: 9:00am – 6:00pm. the chase apartments at our st. louis hotel discover the ultimate luxury living at the chase apartments! our upscale, tranquil units offer a truly one-of-a-kind living experience, with breathtaking views of forest park from every fully-furnished unit. find gourmet kitchens, spacious living rooms, and in-unit washers and dryers. with a diverse selection of 51 apartments featuring 8 unique floorplans, you're sure to find the perfect fit for you. 
for more information, visit the chase apartments website.
in-room amenitiesthe guest rooms and suites at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis offer refined decor, custom hardwood finishes, fine furnishings, and the following amenities:work desk with chairmarble bathroomrobesmini-fridgekeurig coffee makeriron/ironing boardcomplimentary wi-filighted make-up mirrorspa-quality toiletriesflat-screen television with google chromecast and premium movie channelsplease note amenities may vary by room. more details can be found during room selection.housekeeping policy at our st. louis hotelat the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis, your safety and health are our top priorities. based on our current housekeeping protocol, guests with a stay longer than 7 days will receive a full-service cleaning of their guest room once per week. for guests who may require additional cleaning services during their stay, we will be happy to accommodate their requests with a minimum of 24 hours' notice. for any additional needs such as extra towels, coffee, or tea, please contact the front desk. 
parkingthe royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis offers various parking options including hourly, overnight, and valet parking. enjoy unlimited in and out privileges for overnight parking in the attached garage. nightly rates valet overnight parking – $50overnight self-parking – $40hourly rates $8 for the first hour $10 for each additional hour for any additional parking concerns or arrangements, guests can contact the hotel at 314.633.3000. long term stay hotel in st. louiswhen you’re looking for more than a quick getaway or want extra space, explore our apartments at the royal sonesta chase park plaza in st. louis, offering breathtaking views of forest park from every fully-furnished unit. our apartments are the perfect landing pad for your next family visit, college move-in weekend, work assignment, or family vacation.make yourself at home with comforting amenities like in-unit washers and dryers, gourmet kitchens, comfy beds, a pet-friendly environment, and enough room to spread out and relax. aside from the warmth and aesthetic of our apartment-style living, you’ll enjoy the convenience of hotel services including housekeeping, concierge service, access to sante fitness, and valet parking.eatguests in our apartments enjoy a 10% discount at our on-site restaurants, chase club and the preston. for a convenient grab-and-go, visit our gift shop featuring starbucks coffee.feel like enjoying a night in? order in-room dining or visit a local grocery store within steps of your apartment where you can gather all the ingredients for a home-cooked meal.if you prefer a night out, explore the numerous restaurants and shops at your fingertips in the central west end while ending the evening with a stroll through forest park.workour apartments have ample space for working right from your room, but you’re welcome to head to the lobby and work in our social spaces for a change of scenery. you may even want to work from the pool! you'll have access to enjoy wifi throughout our apartments and hotel areas.relaxtake a break in our cozy social spaces, get a sweat session in at santé fitness, enjoy a movie at our on-site theatre, or have a refreshing swim in our seasonal outdoor pool while soaking up the missouri sun.playour apartment-style living is located within the vibrant central west end district, minutes from bars, entertainment, restaurants, and boutiques. you’ll also be minutes from forest park’s lush landscapes and attractions like the zoo and several museums. to book an apartment for a longer term stay (greater than 30 days), please email cppapts@sonesta.com.dining at our st. louis hotel discover culinary excellence at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis hotel, where our executive chef brings the "food is art" philosophy to life with creative and exciting menus infused with midwest traditions and farm-fresh ingredients. indulge in exceptional dishes and local flavors at any of our three dining establishments. chase club savor our creative gastropub fare, prepared with the freshest seasonal and locally-sourced ingredients. enjoy it all in a sophisticated and hip-casual setting. the preston  treat your palates to succulent and finely prepared dishes, crafted with the freshest local ingredients and bold flavors. immerse yourself in the cozy and chic ambiance, where every detail has been thoughtfully designed to make your dining experience truly special. the tenderloin room a st. louis institution since the 1960s, the tenderloin room has mastered the art of steak. savor your perfectly prepared cut in a lush, elegant atmosphere.  in-room dining for those times when you’d rather stay in, and for those productive work days when you’d rather not interrupt your pace, it is our pleasure to deliver meals to your room. limited offerings available.  chase club — gastropub at our luxury hotel in st. louissavor creative, gastropub fare at chase club, prepared with seasonal and locally-sourced ingredients in a sophisticated, hip-casual setting. chase club is perfect for lunch, dinner, a nightcap, or soaking up some local culture. savor artisan burgers that are second to none, sip on unique "liquid art" cocktails, and enjoy live music on weekends at this iconic lounge. overlooking the mediterranean-style swimming pool and terrace, chase club is a central west end hot spot and a favorite among locals.tour the chase clubhourssunday – saturday: 11:00 am – 1:00 am kitchen hours are 11:00 am - 11:00 pm.reserve a tablevisit the chase club websitethe preston — cozy st. louis dining introduce your palate to the succulent, finely prepared indulgent dishes at the preston. the cozy chic and urban vintage interiors are the first signs you’re in a special place. the eclectic menu of fresh, local ingredients and bright bold flavors say the rest. complement your finely crafted plates with our signature “liquid art” cocktails, curated wine list, and intriguing beer selection. our executive chef and his culinary artists have channeled their masterful cookery into contemporary american cuisine. join us in the preston’s opulent, yet cozy surroundings for an inventive breakfast or dinner.tour the prestonhoursbreakfast:  monday - friday, 6:00 am - 10:45 am  saturday - sunday: 7:00 am - 12:00 pmdinner:  tuesday - saturday, 5:00 pm - 10:00 pmreserve a tablevisit the preston websitethe tenderloin room — fine dining at our historic hotel in st. louissucculent prime cuts at a st. louis institution. independently owned and operated.any st. louisan will tell you that the tenderloin room is a city landmark, the place to visit when only a seared and cooked-to-perfection steak will do. combine its classic steakhouse menu, and opulent romantic décor with carved mahogany furnishings, crystal chandeliers, and exemplary service and it’s easy to understand its legendary status. since the 1960s, this elegant fine-dining restaurant has served the city's finest steaks, fresh seafood, creative appetizers, and superb wine list. from delicately prepared carpaccio to the seared peppercorn a la tenderloin, the tenderloin room upholds a long-standing midwest tradition of succulent prime cuts prepared to mouthwatering perfection.tour the tenderloin roomhourssunday – thursday: 5:00 pm – 9:00 pmfriday – saturday: 5:00 pm – 10:00 pmreserve a tablevisit the tenderloin room websitein-room dining at our st. louis hotelwhether you crave morning brunch or a full-course dinner with wine or beer, room service is available. enjoy selections from our onsite restaurants, so you can savor the delicious offerings of our menus in the privacy of your room. explore the menushoursmonday to friday 06:00 am - 11:00 pmsaturday and sunday 07:00 am - 11:00 pmst. louis local area attractionscentral west end our st. louis hotel puts you in the heart of the vibrant central west end district, minutes away from the best center west end restaurants and bars. this highly walkable neighborhood is home to a diverse array of world-class attractions, including art venues, upscale eateries and coffeehouses, bookshops, and modern boutiques. whether you're looking for an exciting night out or a peaceful stroll through the streets, the central west end has something for everyone. forest park  explore the natural splendor of st. louis, minutes from our forest park hotel. immerse yourself in the lush landscapes and discover the cultural gems of the city such as the zoo, art museum, missouri history museum, and science center. st. louis zoo our hotel near st. louis zoo puts you less than a mile from the ultimate wildlife experience.  home to over 14,000 animals and nearly 500 different species and known for its innovative approaches to wildlife conservation, this world-class zoo offers a truly unforgettable experience for visitors of all ages.  plus, we're delighted to share that our hotel partners with many local restaurants, shops, and retailers to offer discounts to our guests. learn more during check-in or inquire at the front desk.st. louis meetings & events venuestart an rfp explore venue instant book venue catering & events menuour central west end hotel provides over 65,000 square feet of function and event space as well as state-of-the-art audio/visual capabilities. from receptions and cocktail hours on terraces overlooking forest park, to expansive conventions and weddings in the historic, art deco khorassan ballroom, every space at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis hotel is designed to inspire.  with the help of our dedicated team, you can create a customized and delectable event menu for a memorable meeting or celebration. contact us the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis the perfect venue for conferences, training sessions, meetings, and events of all sizes. request a proposal for your event!. start an rfp explore venue instant book venue catering & events menuprime wedding venue in st. louislooking for the ideal wedding reception in st. louis? look no further than the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis! our hotel offers classic elegance with a touch of art deco, a mediterranean-style pool and courtyard, and private rooms for bridal showers, rehearsal dinners, and farewell brunches. let our dedicated catering staff handle every detail of your special day and make your wedding reception an unforgettable experience.  explore venue     contact us   ready to plan your big day or wedding celebration? email our director of catering & convention services haseeb arain at harain@sonesta.com or request a proposal below!start an rfpst. louis wedding packagesyour perfect day comes with the perfect getaway!with sonesta travel pass, you have even more to look forward to beyond your wedding day: complimentary nights at your choice of sonesta hotels and resorts. it's one more way sonesta can help you celebrate with warm hospitality and personalized service.  book your wedding at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st louis and earn up to 150,000 bonus travel pass points! $15,000 in catering spend earns an extra 75,000 bonus points, for a total of 225,000 points.$25,000 catering spend earns an extra 120,000 bonus points, for a total of 270,000 points$50,000 catering spend earns an extra 250,000 bonus points, for a total of 400,000 pointsexplore our wedding packagesfaqs about the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis 1. when is the check-in/checkout time at your st. louis hotel?the check-in time is from 4:00pm and checkout time is 11:00am.2. is your mediterranean-style outdoor swimming pool heated? yes, our outdoor pool is heated.3. do your rooms have kitchenettes with microwaves? all the rooms at the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis have mini-fridges and coffee makers. kitchenettes with microwaves are not featured.4. do you offer a shuttle service from stl to chase park plaza? we do not provide airport shuttle service. however, we can assist you in finding and booking reliable airport ride to or from the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis.5. do all the rooms have safe-deposit boxes? safety deposit boxes are available for your use upon request at the front desk6. do you have onsite parking? is it included in my room rate? parking is not included in the room rate. guests can chose between self-parking at a rate of $40 per night or valet parking at a cost of $50 per night. we also offer hourly rates; $8 for the first hour and $10 for each additional hour. 7. how close is the hotel to nearby attractions?our hotel in st. louis is near forest park (1 mile), the st. louis zoo (2 miles), the st. louis art museum (less than 3 miles), and the missouri botanical garden (less than 3 miles). 8. are you among the pet-friendly hotels in st louis?yes, the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louis is among pet-friendly hotels in st. louis.   the royal sonesta united states st. louis the royal sonesta chase park plaza st. louisconnect with sonestastayspecial offerslocationsmeetings & eventsegypt hotels & cruisesextended stay hotelspet-friendly hotelssupportmy staysmy accountneed help?travel sospaws at sonestashop sonestacompanyabout ussonesta travel passpartnershipsfranchisingcareersnewsroomcorporate responsibilitywebsiteprivacy policymanage cookiesterms of usedo not sell or share my datasitemapsonesta international hotelssonesta travel pass the royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortsmod sonesta collectionsonesta selectred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature innthe royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortssonesta selectmod sonesta collectionred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature inn© 2025 sonesta international hotels corporation. all rights reserved.

