



	missouri house of representatives - home























home
members
committees
hearings
legislation
session
media

















jonathan patterson
speaker
press releases


                        welcome to the online home of the missouri house of representatives.
                        i encourage you to explore our website to learn about your government, track the legislative progress, 
				        interact with your state representative, and watch legislative sessions live as the house deliberates issues important to all missourians.
                        
                        we welcome your input and suggestions on how to make government more efficient, effective, and accountable. 
                        it is a pleasure and honor to serve as speaker of the missouri house of representatives.
				    






missouri laws
revised statutes of missouri (rsmo)
missouri constitution
legislative library





missouri's capitol
capitol commission
capitol image gallery
hall of famous missourians






chamber messageboard


closed caption video  - will open in a new window | 
                        
                        audio only - will open in a new window |
                        floor activities - will open in a new window



find your representative





hearings in progress


                            submit testimony
                        











hearings in progress


                            submit testimony
                        






house legislative dashboard
bill list
past session archive



operating budget process (click for more info)

governor's budget - in progressappropriations - incompletebudget - incompleteperfection - incompletethird reading - incompletein senate - incompletein conference - incompletesent to governor - incomplete


the governor proposes a budget which is sent to the house for consideration.
the appropriation committees report their recommendations to the budget committee.
the bills are considered and amended by the budget committee.
the budget committee reports its recommendations to the house floor.  the house perfects the appropriation bills through a process of amending.
all adopted amendments are included into the appropriation bills which are then printed again.  the bills are then third read on the house floor.
bills third read and passed in the house are sent to the senate for consideration and further amendment.
house and senate budget conference committee consider and amend bills sent to conference.
once each bill is truly agreed to and finally passed by the house and senate, it is sent to the governor.  the governor may veto a bill in total, veto line-items, or allow the bill to pass.  vetoes may be overridden by votes of the house and senate.










home
bill search: 

members
committees
hearings
legislation
session
media
past sessions






accessibility
site map
third floor rotunda schedule
                        

missouri senate
missouri state government


current bid items
house job opportunities
rules of the house


speaker of the house
chief clerk and administrator
xml downloads










