








home - now i know

















































 













skip to content













 homeshopvideo modeling mediadigital social storiesspecial needs resourcessponsorshiphistoryboardtestimonialsbreaking newsdonate 

















 





early academics 
							 


social skills 
							 


speech development 
							 


reading & writing 
							 


personal hygiene 
							 






30 countries. 500-plus school systems. 1,000s of neurodiverse lives touched. helping children, teens and adults learn, grow and prosper. free!
twenty-some years ago, a dad named john and his neurodiverse little guy jeffrey discovered how video could open an exciting world of learning for littles and bigs with developmental, cognitive and learning disabilities — including autism spectrum, down syndrome and other learning challenges.
today, now i know (formerly now i know) is creating new, effective and free resources for a new generation of neurodiverse learners via video modeling, social stories and a variety of beneficial strategies. download yours free today!
yes, our resources are free and donations are needed!

now i know inc. is a registered united states 501c3 not-for-profit ein 87-3238032. 
our mission at now i know is to provide 100% free resources for every neurodiverse child, teen, adult, family, teacher and caregiver — just download as you need, as often as you like! and please consider a tax-deductible donation large or small to help us continue to produce more valuable (and free!) educational tools for you and many others!
video modeling strategies
first published in the late 1990s nationally by the autism society of america, john sprecher’s video modeling strategies for neurodiverse children, teens and adults have impacted 1000s of lives around the world.
holistic curriculum
our video modeling strategies provide a multi-layered approach to reaching and teaching challenged learners in a holistic manner. this includes developmental skills such as early academics, self-help, hygiene, social, problem solving, safety and environment. 
positive message stories
entertaining, educational and fun, positive message stories are created to augment teaching modalities with light and engaging subjects and narratives. enjoy sharing together with your neurodiverse loved ones.
point of use guides
for many persons with autism spectrum and other challenges, understanding the sequence of actions to accomplish a task — such as taking a shower or visiting a doctor — can be scary, intimidating or challenging. our point of use guides can help.
success stories
we have a 3-year-old autistic son who has learned more from your programs than all the therapies combined! if i could point to one single-most useful tool in the progress of our son, it would be your videos!
karol | arizona
thank you so much for playing an integral part in helping my son with autism to speak! he’s been watching the “alphabet” for a couple of months now, and he’s saying the letters. better still, he’s starting to communicate with us! thank you so much!
julie | oklahoma
ever since we discovered your programs, my 5-year-old son, who was diagnosed with autism, has learned to get dressed, tolerate bath and hair-washing, and to spell hundreds of words! you won’t believe how much you have changed our lives. god bless your family.
julia | indiana
our 3-year-old autistic son was completely nonverbal when his grandparents bought him your programs a year ago. now, jake has a vocabulary of 50-60 words and loves your programs. thank you for helping our visual learner able to communicate with us, teachers and therapists. your videos have been a godsend!
tricia, john and jakeview more success stories here























 
 





contact

4702 rue belle mer, sanibel, fl 33957
phone: 239.738.6299
email: contact now i know
web: now i know

 

 
 
 





now i know inc. is a registered united states 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization ein 87-3238032. all donations are tax deductible as prescribed by law. to god be the glory. please note: now i know donates 10% of all revenue to christian and other non-denomational charitable organizations that support the advancement of human rights, particularly for organizations supporting those with challenges.
all products are for individual use only and are protected under united states copyright laws. penalities for piracy and unauthorized duplication or distribution may include incarceration and fines up to $250,000.solicitation registration #ch69588. a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free (800-435-7352) within the state of florida. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state of florida.copyright 2025 now i know inc. | powered by outlier brands 

 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link









































go to top




