


javascript menu, dhtml menu, cross browser web site popup menus










javascript dhtml menu is only visible when javascript is enabled





















 member login  - sitemap



current menu version: 5.955 dated sunday april 14 2024 click to download




home
about milonic

about us
testimonials
distinguished clients
investing in non-profits
contact us
privacy policy
software licensing agreement


dhtml menu

supported browsers
software purchasing pages
licensing
free licenses
dhtml menu samples

plain text horizontal style dhtml menu bar
vertical plain text menu
using the popup menu function positioned by images
classic xp style menu
xp style
office xp style menu
office 2003 style menu
apple mac style menu
amazon style tab menu


menu imagepack
product information
page integration
menu quick reference guides

methods and functions
global variables
global properties
style properties
menu properties
menu item properties


bolt-on modules
menu version information
frames based menu
version 3 to version 5.0 converter
menu logos
list of dhtml menu users
forum archive


products

product pricing & purchasing
dhtml website menu
scombo
tooltips
tree menu (coming soon)
collapsible menu (coming soon)
color picker
date picker/calendar
free tools

javascript compressor
web server probe
whois domain name lookup
your ip address info




support

beginner user manual
menu discussion forum
problems with flash activation
tech support documents

borders
demos
css styling


newsletter subscription
removing the forced link to milonic
search engines and the menu
embedding a menu inside a table cell
adding multiple menus to a web 
css based menus
file locations & the menu
faq

dhtml menu
website & loggin in
licensing
purchasing


apache web server installation
internet information server setup









featured at:





                        ucla.edu.ve                    



                        avweb.com                    



                        umsonline.org                    



                        eatright.org                    



                        tmu.ac.ir                    



                        tiffen.com                    



                        briggs-riley.com                    



                        lenta.com                    



                        omg.org                    



                        uukt.idv.tw                    




powered by websites.milonic.com





this is milonic!welcome to milonic ltd. milonic, developers of dynamic hypertext mark-up language (dhtml) javascript and building dynamic, dhtml based web sites. milonic's flagship product is the dhtml menu, used by many of the world's largest companies. you can see a very small selection some of our distinguished clients and partners here. also, you can visit our directory of users


if you are looking for a dhtml menu or javascript menu to incorporate into your website, intranet, cd rom or open source software etc we are confident that you can get exactly what you are looking for right here.


milonic provide one of the quickest and the most feature rich javascript menu systems on the internet. with millions of users worldwide and sales in more than 100 countries across 6 continents (see here)
the milonic dhtml menu or javascript menu and any of the free sample dhtml menus are currently available for download by clicking on the download link on any of the javascript menu sample pages.


milonic have always provided free software to non-profit organizations and this will always be our policy. if you run a non-profit website, why not install the dhtml menu? it's free, easy to use and any sample can be downloaded and installed. all that is required is a small text link somewhere on the web pages that use the dhtml menu.
webplugs beta programwebplugs is almost in beta. webplugs is a new suite of website plugins that we have been developing over the last 5 years. we are hoping that this will be a great tool for building powerful web applications using ajax technologies.

if you have any requests for features or tools, please let us know - either through the webplugs list or through our contact us page.milonic to partner with aql limitedmilonic are pleased to announce a partnership with aql.com, providers of sms messaging solutions to the developer community.  aql and milonic have joined forces to create the next generation of interactive navigation technology.  for information and updates please see the partnership page here:  http://www.aql.com/milonic/
bolt-on modulesas feature rich as the milonic dhtml menu is, we also have a vast array of optional extras which come in the form of bolt-on modules. we do not include these modules in the full dhtml menu code as they are specialised scripts which the majority of our users would not utilise. modules for automatic dhtml menu opening, keypress dhtml menus, dhtml menu item activating and much more, are available to all of our users at no additional cost and can be downloaded from here.dhtml menu samplesthe dhtml menu samples available 
  demonstrate the versatility of the milonic menu. our extensive dhtml menu samples are split 
  into four categories; standard dhtml menu samples, are our basic and most popular styled 
  dhtml menu samples. functionality dhtml menu samples, show some of the more complex features of the 
  menu including activating functions on mouseover and tooltips. image based dhtml menu samples 
  feature menus which are predominantly made up of images and the random style 
  dhtml menu samples are a collection of styled menus which include various features. 
you may find it helpful to skip through all of the available dhtml menu samples 
  to see which may be suitable for your menu design. all of the examples on our 
  website are available to our users, and downloads include all the necessary 
  files including images. 
each and every one of the dhtml menu samples on this website has been built using a php 
  script with data from a mysql database, this has been made easy due to the menu's 
  fliexible object oriented data strucures.


	menu browser compatibility
	the milonic javascript menu works perfectly on the following web browsers
	




	microsoft internet explorer for windows (all versions)
	mozilla for windows 0.6 to 1.6+
	firefox for windows (all versions)
	netscape navigator for windows 4.03 to 4.8
	netscape navigator for windows 6.0 to 7.0+
	opera for windows 5.0 to 7.0+

	microsoft internet explorer 5.0+ for apple mac
	firefox for apple macs (all versions)
	mozilla 0.7+ for apple mac
	safari 1.0+ for apple mac
	netscape navigator 4.x+ for apple mac
	netscape navigator 6.0+ for apple mac

	firefox for unix/linux (all versions)
	mozilla 0.7+ for unix/linux
	netscape navigator 4+ on unix/linux
	netscape 6+ on unix/linux
	konquerer 2.2+ on unix/linux

	support is currently in development for the menu on webtv and pocket pc's











					
					milonic provide full featured pull down web menus for some of the worlds largest companies
					learn about how milonic's dhtml menus can benefit your site
					what does it cost? dhtml menu prices
					who is using us? sample client list
				 	bespoke menu design and build service from the milonic team
					our bolt-on modules provide free optional extras for specialist projects
					free icons and images for all licensed users with our menu imagepack
					what is milonic up to at the moment? check our blog






©1998-2025 milonic ltd. uk registered company #4406835

contact us | 
	tech support | 
	privacy policy | 
	license agreement | 
	
dhtml menu by milonic javascript



