





oldgas.com primarily petroliana home, old gas station memorabilia









































home

forum

events

auctions

links

contact



menu















oldgas.com online petroliana community

the gas station & auto service collectibles webâ site
primarily petroliana is a community bringing gas station  antique collectors, dealers, publishers and service providers together   for the benefit of all. interact with other enthusiasts in our shop talk forum classifieds and collector roster.  information about events, collectibles, publicationsâ and petroleum history. we have resources specializing in old gas pumps, porcelain signs and other petro collectibles.















search oldgas.com







shop talk forum
enthusiasts on our forum make up a community of fellow collectors in their region and far away.
              visit: shop talk forum



network with other collectors
we discuss gas pump restoration techniques and concerns with unmarked reproductions, buy and sell with no fees, find parts for vintage gas pumps, work with one another to find ways to ship large petro collectibles across long distances.





share pictures and info
members post pictures of old gas stations seen in their current travels, show off the latest additions to our collections, questions & answers about service station and oil company history, share about current values and collectibility





join and participate
if you are interested in gas station and auto service memorabilia, what are you waiting for? join up for free and start participating in sharing experiences & knowledge, the enjoyment of the hobby and no fee buying and selling. 
                  see: how to get started









some oldgas.com resources





featured pages

 for sale petroliana
 swap meet list
 auctions right now
 want to buy petroliana
 today's topics
 how to determine value
 how to contact a seller
 frequently asked questions
 fake item issues
 general petroliana discussion
 ebay issues
 help using forum
 gas pump parts
 petro link directory
 petro places to visit
 petro article archive



petro pictures


 showcase
 buys of the week
 gas pumps
 gas globes
 motor oil cans
 gas stations
 swap meet pictures
 sign gallery
 reproduction gallery
 showcase archive




















popular topics


 for sale petroliana

want to buy petroliana

 how to contact a seller

 value questions

 frequently asked questions

 how to join our forum

 gas pump parts

 privacy policy








main menu


home

forum

events

auctions

today's topics

pictures

contact



menu







oldgas.com shop talk forum
if you are interested in gas station and auto service memorabilia, what are you waiting for? join up for free and start participating in sharing experiences & knowledge, the enjoyment of the hobby and no fee buying and selling.
         click to view: how to join for free and participate







 
           











 

copyright ©   - primarily petroliana, all rights reserved. hosting and technical support by wwwgarage








