


connecticut hvac, air cleaners, radiant heat, boilers, furnaces, hvac - 
fox heating service






















			 







javascript select menu by 
			vista-buttons.com 4.1.1





			 
			 








navigation website by 
				vista-buttons.com 4.1.1



























learn more about the system 2000 
							here...




who we arein 1984 
			there were several large (so called) "full service" oil companies in 
			the area and just a handful of small low priced oil companies that 
			did not offer any equipment service. the price difference between 
			the two types of oil companies was as much as 40 cents per gallon. 
			homeowners were leery of taking advantage of the lower cost of oil 
			because they were afraid they would not be able to get service. 
			because this service was needed, fox heating service was founded in 
			the fall of 1984 by mark fox. since 1984, thousands of homeowners 
			have relied on fox heating service, inc. for all their heat and hot 
			water needs. value addedthe main business of 
			most fuel companies is to sell fuel. our prime objective is still to 
			provide the best service available. fox heating service always 
			adjust your equipment so you don't have to see your fuel dealer 
			anymore than necessary. we also sell the most efficient heating 
			equipment available. you will get an honest, educated answer from us 
			on what fuel (gas, oil, or electric) would be best for you. we have 
			decided after 18 years of not getting involved in oil deliveries to 
			do so. we have made the decision to sell fuel oil after much 
			customer demand and to prevent other untrustworthy oil companies 
			from attempting to steal our service customers. customer 
			focussince 1984 fox heating service has grown to be one 
			of connecticut's largest heating contractors because our commitment 
			to outstanding customer service. we guarantee complete customer 
			satisfaction. anytime - day or night - we have trained technicians 
			standing by to take care of any heat or hot water emergency you may 
			have. unlike many other companies, once you buy a heat or hot water 
			system from us, we don't consider our job done. we hope to see you 
			year after year for annual maintenance. all of our technicians 
			attend training courses annually so you will benefit from today's 
			advances in products and technologies.
services that we offer

			- accel cs™ the more efficient wall hung boiler, is an integrated 
			system, which means it produces both heat and hot water!  
			

			learn more about the accel cs™ wall hung boiler...
			- 
			blower door testing and duct leakage test.  
			read more 
			info here...
			- 
			we do oil to gas conversions!- high 
			efficiency boilers & furnaces by system 2000, weil mclain, 
			viessmann,& thermo pride
			- ductless cooling systems made by 
			daikin- electric heat conversions
			- geothermal heat pumps- flame retention oil burners - radiant 
			in-floor heating systems by stadler - service contracts - 
			annual tune-ups - oil tank installation 
			- all types of water heaters - water purification systems & 
			water softeners - well pumps - adding zones to heat your 
			addition, basement or garage - air filtering / air purification 
			/ electronic air cleaners - central air conditioning - 
			window air conditioners - humidifiers - oil safety valves 
			- full service plumbing - heating oil delivery








receive $5.00 off 
			your next service call by
			fox heating service for applying to 
			our mailing list.


			~ read our blog on afue ratings ~

new homeswhen building 
			a new home, many times the general contractor assigns the 
			installation of the heating system to the lowest bidder or the same 
			company that installs the toilets. this may not be in your best long 
			term interest. our focus is on heating and we will make sure that 
			your new system has the capacity to supply both heat and ample 
			amounts of hot water to run your showers and other appliances.



~ helpful information ~
				please note: the average electric rate in
				the northeast is $0.21 per kwh




heating & 
				cooling calculator
     calculate your heating and cooling requirements



 

				heating system calculator
     compare your current heating system to a new one



 

				cooling system calculator

				     compare your current cooling system to a 
				new one





				compare fuel costs

				     
learn more about pellet heating 
				efficiency






				fuel cost comparison calculator
				     
comparison of various types of 
				heating fuels




	stock info market monitor





			 


							weather forecast | 
							weather maps | 
							weather radar


 




 



fox heating service, inc.
			37 westford ave, stafford springs, ct 06076toll free 
			866-fox-heat | tolland 875-1416 | stafford 684-9113 | manchester 
			645-9922
			e-mail:
			
			info@foxheating.com  | 
			
			sales@foxheating.com









