




































johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health







        skip to main content
      









departmentsbiochemistry and molecular biologybiostatisticsenvironmental health and engineeringepidemiologyhealth policy and managementhealth, behavior and societyinternational healthmental healthmolecular microbiology and immunologypopulation, family and reproductive healthfacultytopics




search




search

















toggle menus



academicsprogram finderadmissions servicescourse directoryacademic calendarhybrid campuslecture seriesconvocationresearchstrategy and developmentimplementation and impactintegrity and oversightpracticein the schoolin the fieldin baltimoreresources for practitionersheadlinesarticles & news releasesin the newsnewsletterpodcaststatements & announcementseventsnewsroommagazineaboutat a glanceleadershipstudent lifecampusbaltimorestrategic prioritiesinclusion, diversity, anti-racism, and equity (idare)historywhat is public health?apply




departmentsbiochemistry and molecular biologybiostatisticsenvironmental health and engineeringepidemiologyhealth policy and managementhealth, behavior and societyinternational healthmental healthmolecular microbiology and immunologypopulation, family and reproductive healthfacultytopics








 




















public health news and views


from smartly curated newsletters to an award-winning podcast, the bloomberg school offers ways to stay informed and to help make sense of the headlines.public health on call expert insights global health now













headlines


















      

                tuberculosis in kansas: the larger picture
      
  

the ongoing outbreak poses a low risk to the public, but it signals cracks in our public health infrastructure.

epidemiology
health security
infectious diseases
international health
neglected diseases
















      

                the consequences of the u.s.’s withdrawal from the who
      
  

leaving the world health organization would have broad impacts.

health security
infectious diseases
international health
technology and innovation
















bird flu is raising red flags among health officials


last week the louisiana department of health announced the first u.s. death from h5n1. samples taken from the individual suggest that the virus has begun to adapt to infect humans better. 

health security
infectious diseases
medicine
















polio and the polio vaccines


both oral and injected poliovirus vaccines are safe and effective at protecting against polio.

epidemiology
infectious diseases
vaccines
















two new studies provide broadest evidence to date of unequal impacts of abortion bans


researchers estimate 22,180 more live births and 478 more infant deaths than expected across 14 states, including texas, that banned abortion between september 2021 and august 2022.

family planning
health policy
reproductive and sexual health
















report recommends states adopt firearm purchaser licensing laws that include five core components  


report also highlights evidence showing gun purchaser licensing laws effective at reducing firearm deaths

gun violence
health policy





view all headlines
subscribe to our newsletter









subscribe to stay informed








            expert insights
      



            a weekly newsletter with the latest insights and research from our faculty
      







            global health now
      



            a smartly curated, daily digest of u.s. and global public health news
      







            public health on call
      



            a podcast featuring interviews with public health experts and practitioners
      










connect with us 




https://www.facebook.com/johnshopkinssph




https://bsky.app/profile/johnshopkinssph.bsky.social




https://twitter.com/johnshopkinssph




https://www.instagram.com/johnshopkinssph




https://www.youtube.com/c/jhsphedu1













our academic program offerings


our programs welcome those from within and outside the traditional boundaries of public health. whether you're a future college graduate, a midcareer public health leader, or someone looking to make a career change, we have a program for you.


find the right program for you
visit the office of admissions services














            let's connect
      



            check out virtual information sessions and other recruitment events.
      









            request info
      



            get more information about your department of interest.
      





























program spotlight


master of public health (mph)


the master of public health (mph) is our most flexible degree. with 12 concentrations to choose from, students can tailor their degree to their unique goals while completing classes at their own pace on campus, fully online, or a mix of the two.we are accepting applications for the online/part-time format starting in november 2025 (in barcelona) or january 2026.


learn more
apply
explore all our master's programs
















program spotlight


master of science in public health (msph)


the master of science in public health (msph) is a professional degree alternative to the master of public health (mph) degree for students who want more focused skills in a specific field of public health or who lack two years of health-related work experience to begin or advance a career as a public health professional. msph programs generally require one academic year of coursework, followed by a field placement. the field placement duration and location vary by department/concentration.


explore our msph degrees






































hopkins bloomberg public health magazine


our planet, our health


the new special issue of hopkins bloomberg public health magazine explores many of the ways humans have transformed earth's natural systems to the detriment of human health, and highlights research aimed at repairing the harm. the earth crisis is urgent—public health and planetary health have tools to meet the challenge.


read the magazine













why choose the johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health?







#1


ranked by u.s. news & world report since 1994




1st


and largest school of public health




1,800+


courses offered




80+


research centers and institutes




28k+


alumni living in over 160 countries




90+


degree programs




45


certificate programs




3:1


student-to-primary-faculty ratio









our departmentsbiochemistry and molecular biologybiostatisticsenvironmental health and engineeringepidemiologyhealth, behavior and societyhealth policy and managementinternational healthmental healthmolecular microbiology and immunologypopulation, family and reproductive health








meet our faculty


our faculty are world-renowned experts, and trusted advisers to our students, public health leaders, and the public.









 








                      charvonne
            n.
            holliday nworu
                  



assistant professor

population, family and reproductive health
charvonne n. holliday nworu, phd, mph advances women’s health equity through community-engaged research addressing the determinants of intimate partner violence and reproductive coercion.









 








                      paulani
            c.
            mui
                  



assistant practice professor

health policy and management
paulani mui, mph ’15, is a practice-oriented educator and researcher focusing on public health practice, work force development, workforce disparities, well-being, and asian american health.









 








                      matthew
            a. 
            aubourg
                  



research associate 

environmental health and engineering
matthew a. aubourg, msph ‘23, partners with community-based organizations to co-create community-driven research addressing environmental health and justice issues and translating research into action. 









 








                      harry
            
            barbee
                  



assistant professor

health, behavior and society
harry barbee, phd ’20, is an interdisciplinary social scientist who aims to identify, understand, and improve health and aging outcomes among lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer populations.





browse our faculty directory












join us in baltimore


pursue a degree at the #1 school of public health in one of america's best cities. with 50+ museums, a bustling restaurant scene, gorgeous parks, and more, baltimore is a great place to study and live.learn about baltimore 























support our work


our work is made possible in part by contributions from bloomberg school donors.


make a gift
learn about what your gift can do

















johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health
615 n. wolfe street, baltimore, md 21205


footer social


linkedin


facebook


instagram


bluesky


x (formerly twitter)


youtube






footer menu primary


offices & services


alumni


giving


calendars


careers


contact us






footer menu secondary


centers & institutes directory


my.publichealth


my.jh


courseplus


student information system







johns hopkins university 


footer menu extra


web policies


accessibility


website help














