








 




aahks




























































login
  
 
 










education

aahks annual meeting
aahks spring meeting
podcasts

aahks amplified
joa: the cut
yag augment


digital health
fellowship

fellowship recognition
guidelines
grant
match


webinars

cme webinars
focal webinars
international (spanish) webinars


yag resident resource guide


advocacy & research

advocacy home

action letters
position statements
health policy fellowship


practice resources
coding resources
clinical practice guidelines
about aahks research


journals

arthroplasty today
journal of arthroplasty


newsroom

aahks news
aahks update
press kit
press releases


membership

aahks shop
diversity advisory board
job center
join aahks
pay dues
status change


for patients

find a doctor
hip replacement
knee replacement
opioids, arthritis and joint replacement
your health


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












looking for team apm resources?
read our aahks summary of the new cms mandatory episode-based payment model, transforming episode accountability model (team). 
aahks summary
 

 
 






aahks diversity advisory board mentoring program
we’re looking for you! click below to be a mentor or mentee.  
apply
 

 
 





aahks amplified podcast
discussion of the latest scientific advancements, research findings and advocacy activities in the hip and knee arthroplasty profession 
listen
 

 
 






your aahks membership
join aahks | renew membership | update profile 
login
 

 
 






do i need a joint replacement?
learn what to do when joint pain becomes too much
articles and videos
 

 
 
 
 
 
 






hip and knee care library

							visit our library of articles and videos created just for you about hip and knee pain, replacement surgery and surgical alternatives at www.hipkneeinfo.org


 
 
 




join aahks

							 learn about the benefits of aahks membership, how to get involved and other resources for members. log in to update your member profile and to renew your membership. 
						

 
 
 




about us

established in 1991, the mission aahks is to be the definitive global authority on excellence in hip and knee care. learn about our board, committees, strategic plan, bylaws and staff.


 
 
 
 





practice resources

							 access resources including clinical practice guidelines, coding, performance measures and quality improvement, payment and more. 
						

 
 



the match

							 review the timeline and application process for the adult reconstructive hip and knee/musculoskeletal oncology fellowship match program through sf match. 
						

 
 
 




position statements

							 read official position statements from aahks on topics such as clinical practice standards and regulatory issues. 
						

 
 



international activities

							 aahks believes that relationships with international societies with a focus on hip and knee patient care will serve to foster an exchange of knowledge and social connection. 
						

 
 
 




advocacy in washington

							 read aahks comment letters to cms, congress and others. learn about the importance of advocacy and how to get involved. 
						

 
 



research

							 as part of its mission to advance hip and knee patient care through research, aahks provides opportunities for researchers in the field of hip and knee arthroplasty. 
						

 
 
 
 
 






educational meetings

 
 
 
 




2024 aahks annual meeting 

november 7-10, 2024 | dallas as the premier event for adult hip and knee reconstruction, the 2024 aahks annual meeting presents cutting-edge research in surgical techniques and complications of primary and revision total joint arthroplasty (tja). the meeting brings together surgeons, teams and other tja health care professionals. more. 
				 
 
ths/tks/aahks specialty day

					aahks, the hip society and the knee society present scientific programs as part of the annual meeting of the american academy of orthopaedic surgeons (aaos) specialty day. these scientific programs are open to all orthopaedic surgeons, residents, and allied health professionals who are interested in the most current issues in adult hip and knee reconstructive surgery. more.
 
 
co-branded international meetings

  aahks partners with international organizations each year to expand the reach of arthroplasty research to the mutual benefit of all organizations involved. more.
 
 
 
 
 
 






humanitarian activities

 
 
 
 




					 aahks supports the volunteer humanitarian work members do to help those in need here in the united states and around the world. learn more. 
				
 
 



 
 
 





scientific journals

 
 
 
 





 


the journal of arthroplasty brings together the clinical and scientific foundations for joint replacement of the hip and knee. this peer-reviewed journal publishes original research and manuscripts of the highest quality from all areas relating to joint replacement or the treatment of its complications, including those dealing with clinical series and experience, prosthetic design, biomechanics, biomaterials, metallurgy, biologic response to arthroplasty materials in vivo and in vitro. the “proceedings of the aahks annual meeting” is published each year. visit arthroplastyjournal.org. 
				
 
 
 




 


arthroplasty today brings together the clinical and scientific foundations for joint replacement of the hip and knee in an open-access, online journal format. arthroplasty today solicits manuscripts of the highest quality from all areas of scientific endeavor that relate to joint replacement or the treatment of its complications, including those dealing with patient outcomes, economic and policy issues, prosthetic design, biomechanics, biomaterials, and biologic response to arthroplasty. the journal focuses on case reports. visit arthroplastytoday.org. 
				
 
 
 
 





corporate partners
aahks recognizes that the unique collaboration between our members and the medical industry has made total joint arthroplasty one of the most reliable, cost-effective and successful orthopaedic procedures. learn more about partnering with aahks.

 
 
 
 






platinum

j&j medtechenovis  smith & nephew stryker zimmer biomet


 
 
 




gold

medtronic heraeus medical, llc


 
 
 




silver

3m biomérieux, inc. corin maxx orthopedics microport orthopedics osteoremedies think surgical, inc. total joint orthopedics


 
 
 




bronze

avanos
conformis
curvebeam
g-21
heron
innomed
intellijoint surgical
kyocera medical technologies
link
medacta
onkos
orthalign
ortho development
united orthopedic corporation


 
 
 
 
   
 
 






facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube



© american association of hip and knee surgeons  (aahks)9400 west higgins road – suite 230, rosemont, illinois  60018-4976  |  1-847-698-1200all rights reserved.privacy  |  terms of use  | 
 copyright  

 
 
 






          
