








 | 


















































welcome to two sisters antiques & collectibles













 



























welcome to
two sisters antiques & collectibles
come experience the difference!

click here for our online store






welcome to two sisters antiques & collectibles.  established in 2001, two sisters antiques formerly occupied their brick and mortar shop for 18 years at 473 high street west medford, ma. and is excited to have now moved their shop to online. just click on our online store link and you will be taken to this one-of-a-kind store that offers an ever changing inventory of unique vintage and antique items such as lighting, pottery, glassware, jewelry, artwork and mirrors as well as many more decorative items





two sisters antiques still continues to buy items daily.  we buy single items to entire estates and are buyers of coins, jewelry, gold and sterling silver, any age, any condition.   we can also provide full clean out services.   please contact us for further information at 781.395.9669.
 
 
other services are offered please click on this link for a complete listing.





two sisters buys the following items:

two sisters buys the following items:
sterling silver flatware, bowls, tea sets, etc. (any age, any condition)
gold jewelry (any age, any condition)
sterling silver jewelry (any age, any condition)
fine jewelry (any age)
coins
vintage costume jewelry
paintings
statues
antique/vintage lighting
antique/vintage pottery
china and glassware
antique/vintage/designer clothing/purses
unique and unusual items
what we like!!!






 
see below for our live facebook posts & announcements
 

 









contact us
two sisters antiques & collectibles	

473 high street medford, ma 02155
(781)395-9669

monday through saturday 11:30am-5:00pm and by appointment.
email us

get directions
 

like us on facebook!

facebook
 

gallery






























 





© copyright 2025 . powered by acme connect. all rights reserved



     



 
 
















