












tropical vacation packages | tropical sands vacations





















































































 








destinations                                          



destinations
costa rica resorts
caribbean resorts
hawaii resorts
mexico resorts



groups                                      


insurance                                      


shop now                                      


contact us                                      


888-844-5803                                      




















888-844-5803









plan your next tropical vacation with us today
our expert travel advisers will arrange every detail for your romantic, family, or group vacation packages













                    individual & group deals                    


mexico & caribbean travel packages







cancun
riviera maya






mexico packages as low as

$315
   pp (land-only)

stretching along the beautiful carribean coast, riviera maya is host to some of the most expansive, scenic white-sand beaches in all of mexico.
view packages








group travel






mexico & caribbean group packages starting at

$352
   pp (land-only)

tropical travel group packages for business, parties, friends, or family vacations.
view packages




















                  pick your travel package                    




popular travel packages





cancun, mexico


3-night packages as low as

$315
   pp (land-only)

our most popular destination, the cancun/riviera maya area of the caribbean side of mexico offers sparkling blue ocean water, powder white sand beaches, amazing mayan culture, romantic settings, and so much adventure.

see destinations




costa rica


4-night packages as low as

$700
   pp (land-only)

pura vida’ (pure life) is the way of life in this jewel of central america.  costa rica is a paradise for peace and biodiversity….an eco-traveler’s dream.  come experience amazing jungles, national parks, tropical marine & wildlife, volcanoes, and adventure-packed excursions

see destinations




caribbean


3-night packages as low as

$270
   pp (land-only)

the vast caribbean islands stretch from just outside of florida all the way to south america, with cultures and activities that vary as much as the sand in its amazing blue sea.  from the more traveled islands of jamaica & the dominican republic to the luxurious st lucia, aruba, turks & caicos, and more, romance and fun-filled tropical days await you.

see destinations







last minute deals


great deals on last minute travel starting at

$345
   pp (land-only)

now is the time to book that much-needed escape to your favorite beach destination. prices to these hot vacation spots are so low, you’ve just got to go!

see deals 




am resorts sale


book by dec 15th & receive up to

$200
   resort credits per-person

secure your spot in the sun and enjoy extras at select secrets, dreams, zoetry, breathless, now and sunscape resorts that include up to $200 in resort credits and more! plus, up to two kids stay free at participating dominican republic properties.  call us today!

see deals




book early and save


black friday sale up to:

$300 off
   per-booking

get a head start today on your winter & spring travel plans and book early to score some big savings with these black friday deals, or call us today!

see more





view more











your tropical travel agency & consultants
at tropical sands, our dedicated and expertly-trained travel consultants connect travelers with flights/hotels to their dream tropical destination. couples, groups, family trips, honeymooners, adventure seekers; no matter what your travel intentions are, we are there to work with you before, during, and even after travel to ensure the most perfect and worry-free vacation experience.

the best flights from us and canadian gateways
5 star accommodations
all-inclusive packages
expert & attentive service

contact us
















personalized vacation planning
20 years of experience
we make travel planning easy. our expert travel advisers will help you find the best destinations/accommodations for your occasion from our extensive network of travel partners. let’s discuss what kind of trip you have in mind, the specifics that will make for the best vacation for you, and we’ll take care of the rest.














































    copyright 2025 - tropical sands, all rights reserved - 
 privacy policy 

    sms consent and phone numbers will never be shared with third parties or affiliates under any circumstances. sms consent is not shared with any third parties or affiliates for marketing purposes (see our sms terms and conditions for more details)
 sms terms & conditions 

 fair trade contract / terms & conditions 

    *unless otherwise noted, fares include roundtrip airfare via u.s. certified air carrier, hotel transfers (in mexico and the caribbean), hotel tax, resort baggage handling, fuel surcharges and all pre-collected u.s. and foreign taxes and fees including september 11th security fee. packages in turks and caicos or san juan, puerto rico do not include airport transfers. packages flying into cancun but staying in cozumel require supplemental ferry transfers at an additional cost.
  


















