

	home - university of illinois system











































            {1}
            



##loc[ok]##




  







aboutdatadirectorysystem officesour compassbudgetguiding principleshistory of the universitiesland acknowledgementleadershipmission & visionpoliciesstrategic frameworklocationsuniversity of illinois urbana-champaignuniversity of illinois chicagouniversity of illinois springfieldui healthregional campusessystem officesdiscovery partners instituteimpactacademicsalumnieconomic vitalityhealthcarepublic engagementresearch & innovationpriorities & initiativesaccess & affordabilitydiversity, equity & inclusioninternational partnershipsillinois broadband labillinois innovation networksri congress 2025workforce developmentuniversity of illinois system home
university of illinois system news









altogether extraordinary
what is altogether extraordinary? it’s leading the charge to create a brighter future for everyone. it’s driving innovation that breaks down barriers and lifts up communities. it’s transforming minds—and the world around us.


here's how:

building a smarter, stronger economy for all.
widening the doors of opportunity.
closing gaps in health and care.
partnering with purpose for the common good.




explore recent stories








read the latest news in our newsroom


sign up for our stay connected enewsletter










three universities.
one system.
altogether extraordinary.
fueled by countless supporters and driven by the most talented individuals, we explore further, dive deeper, and reach higher. when you radically rethink potential, the impossible is made possible every day—in a thriving, micro-urban community; in the heart of a big city; and in the state capital. combined, our three universities and healthcare enterprise bring resources, capabilities, and drive that are greater than the sum of their parts—it is altogether extraordinary.












access for underrepresented students at an all-time high
our efforts to provide access to more students across the state are producing results, including increasing the number of underrepresented students. in the fall of 2024, underrepresented students made up 32 percent of all undergraduate students in the u of i system, an all-time high.
explore








extraordinary reach
from rockford to chicago to the quad cities, peoria and the southern tip of illinois, the university of illinois system touches virtually every field, forest and city block in our state. in fact, more than half of all students enrolled in a public university in illinois are enrolled at one of our three universities. we have students from 101 of 102 illinois counties, and 79 percent of our undergraduates are in-state students.

explore

we have students from 101 of 102 illinois counties 







financial aid
our commitment to access provides the opportunity to obtain a life-changing education to more students than ever. to make that possible, nearly half the aid our undergraduate students received – $283 million in fiscal year 2023 – comes from our universities. over the past 10 years, those expenditures increased by nearly 50%. almost sixty percent of our undergraduates pay less than full tuition and fees, and 30% pay nothing at all.


59%
almost sixty percent of our undergraduates pay less than full tuition and fees.


40%

40%of undergraduate in-state students have their tuition and fees fully covered after aid and waivers.



explore

 u of i system aid increased nearly 50% over 10 years







our alumni




pick a spot on the globe, and you'll almost certainly find our alumni. we are over 870,000 strong, including more than 457,000 in illinois, and you’ll find us in all 50 states and 168 countries. alumni of the university of illinois system have won two dozen nobel prizes, are finding better ways to feed a growing population, programming supercomputers, breaking new ground in music and the arts, and helping lead societies.






curtis granderson university of illinois
chicago







mike hopkins university of illinois
urbana-champaign







former rep. cheri bustos university of illinois
springfield





explore








r&d expenditures
our universities are laboratories for groundbreaking research and are among the most innovative in the world. in 2023, the u of i system was ranked 34th among all worldwide universities for total patents. that research is driven by the investment of more than $1 billion in federal, state and private funding a year. year in and year out, the federal investment in our research surpasses almost every research institution in the country.
explore












pumped into the illinois economy per year


an economic engine
through its education, research and service, the university of illinois system is a dynamic driver of the economies of the state of illinois and the midwest. through our universities, hospitals and clinics, research and the companies we help launch, we pump $19 billion a year into the state's economy and support 164,200 jobs. and with more than 27,000 new graduates a year, our universities provide a pipeline of well-educated talent for the state's employers.
explore











explore how we make an impact





academic
excellence




research
& innovation




economic
vitality




public
engagement




health & 
healthcare










system leadership & governance

overseeing the university of illinois system are the board of trustees and the u of i president. along with the chancellor/vice president of each of the universities, the board and president keep the system and its universities competitive, growing, and fully committed to the core missions of education, research, public service, and economic development.



president timothy killeen
board of trustees
university senates conference
system executives







xthe university of illinois system is the flagship higher education system in the state of illinois.infosource@uillinois.edulocationsurbana-champaignchicagospringfieldregional campusesonline catalogui healthpopular topicsabout the systemdirectory/a-to-z listemployment opportunitiesfreedom of information act requestsmake a giftnews and media resourcessystem officesadditional linksabout cookies © copyright 2025 the board of trustees of the university of illinoisprivacy statement and terms of use
↑






