





stargazers vineyard – bringing you chester county's finest

























































 







stargazers vineyard
bringing you chester county's finest



menu


home
about us

our story
pa quality assurance group


where to find us

winery map & directions


order now
contact us
 









home 










 
   

hello friends!!  we are so ready for january to be over!!  it has been so cold, and this whole “dry january” thing is not good for business!!  it has given us time to take care of cellar matters, and we will be bottling, several new veritals.  the spring and summer line up of music, food vendors & events; looks good, we are definitely looking forward to warmer days!! 
wine 101.2 will be happening january 31st. registration deadline is 1/29.   if you didn’t get to participate the last time we did this class, you will be sure not to want to miss it.  for two hours you will be filled, with wine samples, tank draws, and a delicious paring menu from doe run catering.  the best part is the conversation with the wine maker.  michael truly loves sharing his wealth of knowledge.  we had such a great time when we last did this and are excited to offer it to you again. ticket price is 75$ per person. call the winery  to reserve your spot.  
 the grounds front of the winery are under renovations, we have leveled out the hill.   pardon our mess. 
we have a selection of local goat cheeses from peaceful spring farm.
if you are packing a picnic, please pack out your food waste, togo containers, and pizza boxes.  thank you, for helping us with this.   please be mindful as you enter our neighborhood, and drive respectfully, no parking in the street.  also please keep pets, and children on this side of the tree line at the end of the property.
 hours: wed, thu, fri 12-7pm & sat 12-7pm , sunday 12-5. bottle service ends one hour before close. please call to make a reservation 610-486-0422. we have limited seating, reservations are required for parties of 6 or more.  tables can be reserved between 12-2pm. after 3pm it is open seating. if you plan of visiting later in the day, you may want to plan on packing your own camp chairs. table reservations max party size of 10-12. if you are packing along picnic items, we ask that you not dispose of food waste on site, it draws critters. “pack it in, pack it out!!”  meet ups are welcome, give us a call to let us know your expected group size, and time you will be arriving.we are offering a flight of 4 wines for 16$. you may also order wine by the bottle or glass we would like to thank everyone for helping us make stargazers a safe place to spend time with friends and family!! we really appreciate all the new and returning guestif you have a special event you are planning, talk to us about having it here at stargazers vineyard. follow us on facebook and instagram for up to the moment details.






 





















sign up for our wine clubsign up for our newsletter
email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: hours 
new seasonal hours
12-7 wednesday, thursday &, friday
12-7  saturday
12-5 sunday
 







					upcoming events				






						there are no upcoming events.					







where to find us your local giant food store
our vineyard and tasting room
















































































				  stargazers vineyard. all rights reserved                

theme by grace themes



































