










home - barton county chamber of commerce




















































  





















skip to content























home | contact us | pay county taxes











menu 
the chamber business directory amish goods business spotlights map press releases best of community awards & luncheon best of community awards & luncheon nominations best of community nominees best of community award winners board of directors bccoc blog newsletter contact usmembership member login chamber benefits join today member to member dealscounty/city gov’t links area phone numbers commission barton county courthouse city of lamar mo golden city city hallcommunity links & events community news calendar truman day wild west mouse race lamar free fair fallfest hullabaloo shop local home for the holidays wyatt earp park foundation the untold story of wyatt earp ~ missouri life magazine job postings community guidejoin today!








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 

































mark your calendar










view full event calendar














































welcome our newest members
























barton county, missouri






located in southwest missouri, in the heartland and home to “legendary beginnings” of our 33rd president harry s. truman, wyatt earp and three united states admirals, we welcome you to stay and enjoy the slower pace of life, with a low crime rate, affordable cost of living and easy access to metro areas. or just get away from it all by taking a scenic stroll through prairie state park - one of america's largest tallgrass prairies. barton county missouri has something to offer everyone.
 conveniently located in the logistically primed crossroads of america with direct access to interstate-49, which stretches from the top of canada to the ports in new orleans and us highway 160, and near major metros of: joplin, springfield and kansas city, missouri we offer business owners and investors a strategic location to build their business.























chamber new releases























 












© 2025 barton county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












promoting progress in barton county through business & community development

















chamber members












member directorymember login





social networks












facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubelinkedin








area information












diningshoppingreal estateaccommodationsthings to seegetting herecommunity calendarrequest info





resources












homecontact uspay county taxes

























thanks for signing up!


sign up to stay up to date!
sign up for news and updates from the chamber each week.






email address 
first name 
last name 
company 
sign up
by submitting this form, you are granting: barton county chamber of commerce, 110 west 10th street, lamar, missouri, 64759, united states,  permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.  (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.








































































































































© 2024 barton county chamber of commerce | 110 w 10th st. lamar mo 64759 | (417) 682-3595
all rights reserved. site by growthzone.









 
scroll to top















